Thursday, June 1st, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Certified lifeguards needed for North Side pool 10:55 p.m. Wed Vindicator Bee champ down on 'neurasthenic' ... 10:55 p.m. Wed Theft suspect: I needed firm's money because... 10:55 p.m. Wed Youngstown officer's change of course saves ... 10:55 p.m. Wed Maurice Brown accused of kicking 8-week-old ... 9:55 p.m. Wed Dr. Louise Hayes to speak at Saturday event ... 9:55 p.m. Wed all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home POLICE CALLS IN POLAND, BOARDMAN | Print Tweet Published: Thu, June 1, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. POLICE CALLS A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND May 24 Burglary: To a residence in the 7300 block of Clovermeade Drive through a rear door that sustained damage. Nothing appeared to have been stolen, however. May 25 Damage: A vehicle’s rear window was damaged at a Center Road business. Harassment: An Oak Drive woman said she’s being harassed via telecommunications. BOARDMAN May 26 Assault: A Carter Circle woman told officers a man to whom she owes $30 grabbed her hair, pushed the accuser’s head down and struck her in the back while demanding she pay him back. Employee theft: Marcus J. Magby, 22, of Ferndale Avenue, Youngstown, faced a theft charge after an internal investigation at Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive, reportedly revealed he had intentionally failed to scan about $60 worth of items. During an interview with a loss-prevention official, Magby admitted having stolen $985 worth of merchandise from the big-box store over a one-year period, a police report showed. Theft: Gloria J. Samuels, 57, of North Main Street, Poland, was charged with taking $44 worth of property, including women’s undergarments, from Walmart. Robbery: A man about age 30 wearing black sweatpants and black-and-white shoes reportedly stole $20 worth of air fresheners from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St., then pushed an employee out the door as she tried to stop him. Theft: Marcus R. Pearson, 28, of Lexington Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with stealing three pairs of men’s shorts valued at $135 from Zumiez, a clothing store in Southern Park Mall. Counterfeit: A woman reported having noticed in a trash bin near her Wolosyn Circle apartment a bag that contained what appeared to be money before police determined the contents was $345 in fake bills. Drugs: While responding to a traffic complaint in the 5100 block of Market Street, officers charged Raheem A. Satterthwaite of Sciota Avenue, Boardman, with drug abuse. Satterthwaite, 27, had a folded napkin that contained four pills he said were Tramadol, an opioid commonly used to treat moderate to severe pain, but with no prescription, a report showed. Domestic violence: Ira W. Edwards, 63, of Market Street, Boardman, faced one felony count each of domestic violence and violating a protection order after his pregnant wife alleged Edwards threw her to the ground during an argument. The charges were upgraded because of a prior domestic-violence conviction and because Edwards violated the order while committing a felony offense, a report stated. Employee theft: Authorities charged Henry L. Wylie IV of Hamrock Drive, Campbell, after a Walmart loss-prevention official alleged that over a four-month period, Wylie, 21, had deliberately conducted various over-ride transactions to discount items for friends and himself, resulting in a $580 loss. Drugs: Youngstown police handed Jay R. Weston, 31, to township authorities. Weston, of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, Youngstown, was charged with possession of drug-abuse instruments, related to a possible drug overdose Jan. 13 in a Southern Park Mall restroom, where officers reported having found two used needles. Counterfeit: A Canfield man told police that while in the 1300 block of Doral Drive, he had sold an Xbox game system and related items to a man who provided two phony $100 bills. Assault: A Southern Boulevard man alleged a man who had been hired to perform lawn-care services at the apartment complex pushed him away when the accuser asked him to mow the grass lower in certain areas to protect his dog from possibly getting ticks. Theft: Ruthmarie C. Holmes, 35, of Ferndale Avenue, Youngstown, was charged in the theft of four items from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St. May 27 Arrest: Elizabeth M. Fludd of South Garland Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with operating a vehicle impaired after police had pulled her over on Market Street. Fludd, 42, refused to undergo a Breathalyzer test, a report said. Criminal damaging: A Jeep in the 4000 block of Hillman Way was found with a broken rear window. Damage came to $500. Arrest: Police responded to a three-car crash with an injury near South Avenue and Mathews Road before charging Brooke M. Hernandez, 33, of Shadyside Drive, Boardman, with operating a vehicle impaired. Hernandez refused to submit to a Breathalyzer test, authorities said. Drugs: After pulling him over near Grover Drive and Indianola Road, officers took into custody Joseph J. Kucala, 54, who listed two Youngstown addresses as well as one on Westchester Drive, Austintown, and charged him with drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia. Kucala, who also was wanted on two bench warrants, had two pill bottles, one each with suspected marijuana and cocaine residue, a pipe with suspected marijuana residue, a straw and a container with an Oxycodone pill, a report stated. Identity fraud: A Jaguar Drive man told police a bank in Delaware informed him that someone had opened an account with the victim’s personal information, resulting in $802 worth of fraudulent activity. Arrest: Authorities at an Operating a Vehicle Impaired checkpoint near South Avenue and Mathews Road arrested Lelan C. Bright, 27, of East Dewey Avenue, Youngstown, on charges of OVI and drug abuse after alleging Bright had in the car one over-the-counter pill. Theft: A man reported having lost his wallet at a Market Street restaurant before realizing it likely was stolen. Theft by deception: Daniel A. Davis, 38, of Geneva Avenue, Struthers, faced a misdemeanor theft-by-deception charge after having been accused of selecting two clothing items, removing the price tags and attempting to return the merchandise, for which he received a $59 gift card. Unauthorized use of a vehicle: A Shadyside Drive woman alleged her daughter-in-law took the accuser’s 2013 Hyundai without permission. Arrest: Melvin Clark, 59, of Roxbury Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with operating a vehicle impaired after having been pulled over near a township OVI checkpoint. Clark registered a 0.281 blood-alcohol content, which is more than three times Ohio’s 0.08 legal intoxication limit, a report showed. Criminal mischief/menacing: An Arlene Avenue woman told authorities her former boyfriend wrote an ominous message on her vehicle’s window, then placed sticks on its trunk. Theft: Mark A. Jones, 31, was charged with theft after police alleged Jones, of Frank Street, Struthers, had deliberately failed to scan a pair of men’s boots and other items while at Walmart. Arrest: A vehicle check in the 7300 block of South Avenue resulted in the arrest of Larry D. Daniel, 44, of Milton Street, Warren. He was wanted on an Ohio State Highway Patrol warrant accusing him of failing to appear in Niles Municipal Court. Assault/criminal damaging: Officers responded to a large fight at a Boardman-Canfield Road restaurant, where a man reported a group of assailants had jumped him and struck his jaw. The fight continued in the parking lot and resulted in damage to a car’s passenger side. May 28 Arrest: Authorities answered a 911 call that originated on Brookfield Avenue from a woman who claimed to have been abducted at gunpoint near her home before they charged Lisa M. Ross, 18, of West Boston Avenue, Youngstown, with making a false alarm, a first-degree misdemeanor, after she reportedly admitted having fabricated the story. Ross told Youngstown police she had actually met one of the supposed kidnappers online and that he picked her up then took her to a township apartment, where she became angry at someone there and made up the allegation, a Boardman police report showed. Arrest: Dewayne D. Williams, 22, of Samuel Avenue, Youngstown, was picked up during a traffic stop on Southern Boulevard after police discovered Williams was wanted on a Youngstown Municipal Court bench warrant accusing him of failing to appear on a charge of operating a vehicle impaired. Theft: Two women and a man reportedly stole $430 worth of candles and other merchandise from Bath & Body Works, 379 Boardman-Poland Road. Arrest: While responding to a fight on Market Street, police charged Ashley N. Goudy-Mehno, 28, of Goshen Road, Salem, with obstructing official business after alleging Goudy-Mehno had provided two dates of birth and a false name. She also was wanted on a felony parole-violation charge. Theft: A man reportedly took a $160 chain saw from Lowe’s, 1100 Doral Drive. Theft by deception: Two women at Walmart reportedly selected $67 worth of merchandise and improperly exchanged the items for a gift card. May 29 Drug paraphernalia: A traffic stop on Market Street led to a 17-year-old Boardman boy being charged with having a digital scale in the vehicle, which, police said, also smelled of marijuana. Fraud: A Leighton Avenue woman alleged her son and another person have been illegally selling food-stamp cards from her home. Theft: A woman reportedly stole 25 articles of clothing from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St., then fled in a silver vehicle. Theft: A Glenwood Avenue man noticed two cellphones and roughly $60 missing from his unlocked car. Theft: A man reported an Xbox console and related items as well as a 32-inch TV stolen from his South Avenue residence. Criminal damaging/menacing: A woman told police that while stopped at a red light in the 6600 block of South Avenue, the driver in front of her got out, threatened to beat up the accuser and broke a windshield-wiper arm on the vehicle’s driver’s side. Other stories of interest Warren investigating another death involving head trauma of boy, 3 Warren man charged with kicking puppy to death Boardman police investigating $200K theft from business Man, acting as own lawyer, cross examines ex-fiancee Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-31 DC Announces Wonder Woman Day To Be Celebrated On June 3, 2017 Entertainment 2017-05-30 Jennifer Lawrence Got ‘Really Drunk’ For Sex Scene With Chris Pratt In ‘Passengers’ Entertainment 2017-05-29 Julia Roberts Braves Crocodile-Infested Waters And Eats Goat’s Head To Deliver Vaccines To Kenyan Children Entertainment 2017-05-29 Will You Recognize Robert Pattinson In His New Role? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-31 U.S. House Intel Committee Issues Subpoenas For Flynn, Cohen, And Others In Russia Probe News 2017-05-31 World War 3: North Korea Vows To ‘Step Up’ Nuclear Force, DEFCON Level Moved To 4 News 2017-05-31 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real News 2017-05-31 #Covfefe Update, Is Sean Spicer Doubling Down, Saying ‘Covfefe’ Isn’t A Typo As Press Pool Laughs Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-01 Reason Why Nia Jax Hasn’t Been Heavily Featured On ‘Monday Night Raw’ Since ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-05-31 WWE Rumors: Former WWE Divas Champion Has Nude Adult Video Leaked Online Sports 2017-05-31 Watch England Vs. Bangladesh ICC Champions Trophy Cricket Live Stream: Start Time, Preview Of Opening Match Baseball 2017-05-31 Philadelphia Phillies End May With Their Fourth Straight Loss Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-30 Outrage Over Pregnancy Test Shaming: Supermarket Forces Women To Ask Permission To Buy Pregnancy Tests [Opinion] Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-30 Depressed? Stay Off Instagram Or Use New Relieved App Instead Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-31 ‘Overwatch’ Horizon Lunar Map Hits Public Testing With Balance Changes To McCree, Reaper, And Roadhog Technology 2017-05-31 NVIDIA Unveils Its Plan To Make Gaming Laptops Smaller and More Portable Gaming 2017-05-31 PlayStation 4 Update 4.0: Major Features Of New Update And Possible Fixes For Noted Freezing Issues Gaming 2017-05-31 ‘Parenthood’ Game Pack For ‘The Sims 4’ Now Available, Includes Family Bulletin Boards And School Projects BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Barack Obama Gets Slammed On Social Media For Recent $8.1 Million Home Purchase BuzzWorthy 2017-05-31 Covfefe: A Brief History Of Word Formation In The English Language BuzzWorthy 2017-05-31 Barron Trump Trends On Twitter: 11-Year-Old Defended Amid ‘Fake News’ Claims As He’s Compared To Obama Girls BuzzWorthy 2017-05-31 Kathy Griffin’s Shocking Trump Photo Is Just The Latest Controversy For The D-List Comedian SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Uber Driver Allegedly Stabbed To Death By 16-Year-Old Eliza Wasni In Random Act Of Violence Crime 1 0 0 June 1, 2017 Uber Driver Allegedly Stabbed To Death By 16-Year-Old Eliza Wasni In Random Act Of Violence Patricia Ramirez Early Tuesday morning, 16-year-old Eliza Wasni allegedly did the unthinkable. According to police, the teen wandered around a Skokie, Illinois Walmart and stole a knife and machete, a crime allegedly caught on surveillance cameras. Then, the teen allegedly used the weapons to fatally stab her Uber driver, 34-year-old Grant Nelson. As ABC 7 reports, Nelson was Eliza Wasni’s third Uber driver of the day, picking her up after her alleged shoplifting spree. Investigators say that at 1:12 a.m., Wasni took an Uber to the Des Plaines train station. She then took a second Uber from the train station to the Walmart and arranged for a third Uber to pick her up from the store. On Wednesday, 16-year-old Wasni was charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Not surprisingly, she was denied bail after appearing in bond court where prosecutors called the vicious stabbing attack “heinous and unprovoked.” According to Cook County prosecutors, victim Grant Nelson had the fatal misfortune to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. He unwittingly picked up the teen, unaware that she had violent intentions. After Eliza Wasni got into the back seat of his vehicle, prosecutors allege that the teen repeatedly stabbed the driver from her position behind him. According to Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham, Nelson attempted to flee from his unlikely attacker by jumping out of his car and running for help at a nearby building. “The victim runs to the lobby door and is heard banging and screaming, ‘Help me, help me, I’m going to die.” The Wilmette Patch reports that after brutally stabbing her Uber driver within minutes of getting in his car, Wansi attempted to flee the scene of the carnage. She allegedly stole his vehicle and attempted to drive away. Her escape was thwarted when she hit a median. Prosecutors say that Eliza Wansi then tried to get away on foot, stripping off her bloody shirt and attempting to evade police in just her bra and leggings. Eliza Wasni held without bail in murder of Uber driver in Lincolnwood – Chicago Sun… https://t.co/MyIIVn6jZ3 #Uber — mediat technology (@mediat_tech) May 31, 2017 Police were alerted to the horrific crime when they received 911 calls that a man was screaming for help in the area. When they arrived on scene at 3:22 a.m, Wansi was shirtless and still armed with the stolen knife and machete. According to officers, they repeatedly demanded that she drop the weapons, but she refused. Ultimately, Eliza Wansi was Tased at the scene. First responders found Grant Nelson hiding in a 2014 Hyundai Sonata, he immediately identified himself as an Uber driver who had been stabbed by his white female passenger and that she was likely a juvenile. So sad, such a waste of a decent human life. This generation between drugs, and stupidity have truly lost their way — rene simmons (@simmons6654) June 1, 2017 Wow. So tragic. ???? He survived long enough to give police description of girl. — Mark J (@marjenjr) June 1, 2017 #Miserable And #Barbaric Only 16 Years,Old. With #Bloodthirsty Impulses Of #Killer. Totally #Wrong Direction.#Apalling — Avramov Kosta (@AvramovK) May 31, 2017 White privilege is a helluva drug. — elisabeth epps* (@elisabeth) June 1, 2017 Paramedics rushed Nelson, who had been stabbed multiple times, to St. Francis Hospital. Unfortunately, doctors were unable to save his life. When Eliza Wansi appeared in court on Wednesday, Cook County Judge Michael J. Hood called the senseless murder a “random act of violence” before denying the teen bond. Judge Hood also pointed out in court that Wasni and Nelson didn’t know each other before attack, which he called “extremely violent in nature.” Grant Nelson,34, ate dinner with his family before he was stabbed and killed while driving for a ride sharing app. @cbschicago pic.twitter.com/xFfcFFGs0y — Charlie De Mar (@CharlieDeMar) May 30, 2017 As Heavy reports, Grant Nelson’s sister has spoken out about her brother’s character in the aftermath of his violent murder. According to Alex Nelson, her Uber driving brother was an animal lover and all around “good person.” Needless to say, Nelson’s sister says that Grant didn’t deserve the fate allegedly meted out to him by 16-year-old Eliza Wansi. “He had probably the most extensive collection of classical music of anyone I’ve ever met in life… I want people to know Grant was a good person. He was not a vindictive person. He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.” While Eliza Wasni has been charged with first-degree murder and as an adult for the role she allegedly played in her Uber driver’s senseless and brutal slaying, the teen will not face the death penalty if she is convicted, as Illinois has not been a “death penalty state” since 2011. The maximum sentence Wasni could receive for the stabbing is life in prison. [Featured Image by Prath/Shutterstock] Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Patricia Ramirez Tags: Crime, Teen Killer, Uber, Uber driver May 31, 2017 ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Sal Stowers On ‘Lani 2.0’, Hints Island Halo Withdrawal, Questions JJ’s Feelings May 30, 2017 ‘Fear The Walking Dead’ Season 3 Spoilers: ‘FTWD’ EP Explains Militia, Teases Strand’s Newest Con [PHOTOS] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mummy DNA Reveals Unexpected Findings On Ancient Egyptian Ancestry Universal And Warner Bros Are Now In A Huge Legal Battle Over ‘Dark Universe’ ‘Little People, Big World’ Drama: Do Roloff Parents Favor Zach And Tori Over Jeremy And Audrey? Barack Obama Gets Slammed On Social Media For Recent $8.1 Million Home Purchase Beyonce Continues To Make Blue Ivy A Priority As She Prepares To Welcome Twins Reason Why Nia Jax Hasn’t Been Heavily Featured On ‘Monday Night Raw’ Since ‘WrestleMania 33’ ‘Fear The Walking Dead’: Season 3 To Be ‘Dramatically Different,’ Plus, Will Alicia Get Another Love Interest? Uber Driver Allegedly Stabbed To Death By 16-Year-Old Eliza Wasni In Random Act Of Violence ‘Star Trek’s William Shatner Stands Up For Men’s Rights: ‘Misogyny Exists’ But ‘Misandry Does, Too’ [Opinion] Melania Trump’s Trip To Delvaux Store, Which Sells Purses Up To $29,700, Was Cancelled: ‘No Commercial Visits’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 79k 0 0 Odd Trump Tweet About #Covfefe Goes Viral, And Comics Like James Corden Add To Hilarity [Updated] 18k 0 0 Hello Nurse! ‘Animaniacs’ Reboot Returns Pinky And The Brain And Other Warner Characters To TV 18.8k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Zach And Tori Roloff Confirm Baby Jackson Has Dwarfism [Update] 12k 0 0 Donald Trump Indictment: N.Y. Attorney General Reportedly Brought RICO Charges For Trump’s Russian Mob Ties 9.3k 0 0 Study Shows Smokeless Cigarettes May Cause More Cancer Than Ordinary Cigarettes, And Philip Morris Isn’t Happy 11.2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 74° 74° Low 74° High 86° Thu 73° 85° Fri 74° 87° Sat 73° 89° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete Posted 7:56 PM, May 31, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. -- A 16-year-old girl charged with killing her Uber driver was captured on Walmart surveillance video "walking nonchalantly throughout the store" holding a knife in one hand and a machete in another, prosecutors said. Authorities say Eliza Wasni later used those weapons kill 34-year-old Grant Nelson in Lincolnwood, Illinois. That's just one of the details that Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham revealed in a news conference Wednesday after Wasni appeared in court on first-degree murder charges. She is being held without bond for allegedly killing Nelson, of Wilmette. According to Cunningham, Wasni hailed the first of three Uber drivers at about 1:25 a.m. Tuesday, and was driven to a train station in Des Plaines. At 2:18 a.m., a second Uber driver took her from the train station to a Walmart store. That's when Cunningham says the teen removed a knife and a machete from their packaging at the store and walked around holding them. Then she left Walmart with the knife and machete, without paying, and was not stopped by any personnel, Cunningham said. The third Uber driver, Nelson, picked up Wasni in his Hyundai Sonata a few blocks west of the Walmart. About two minutes after Wasni got in the car, Cunningham says Nelson was stabbed by Wasni from the backseat. Cunnningham says Nelson was able to maneuver his car into a condo apartment building driveway near Lincoln and Touhy. Cunningham said he got out of the car and was heard banging and screaming at the lobby door saying "Help me! Help me! I'm going to die!" That's when residents called 911. Cunningham says Wasni tried to flee in Nelson's vehicle but she hit a median near the scene. Officers say she left the car, which was covered in blood, running in the middle of Lincoln Avenue and fled on foot. Cunningham says police found Nelson laying in the grass near the scene. He told officers that he was an Uber driver and that his passenger had attacked him. He was then transported to an area hospital where he later died from his injuries. According to Cunningham, another group of officers later found Wasni crouched behind an office building's air conditioning unit not too far from the scene. She had the machete in one hand and a knife in another. When she wouldn't drop the weapons at the officers' requests, one of the officers tazed her and she was taken into custody. Autopsy results of the victim are still pending. Walmart did not immediately offer a statement regarding the incident. Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Mary Kay Letourneau and ex-pupil Vili Fualaau to separate after 12 years, report says Couple who paid off $200K debt in 2 years reveal how they did it Viral ‘Cash Me Outside’ girl coming to Houston to…perform? Inside one of Houston’s most notorious apartment complexes: Haverstock Hill Latest News Closing Comments: Kathy Griffin Iowa siblings create YouTube channel for ‘young nerds’ 3 dead after shootout at Greenville car dealership HPD wants help finding hit-and-run driver Nation/World Police: Girl dives from truck after being kidnapped, sexually assaulted and injected with meth Nation/World Three teenagers arrested in kidnapping and killing of 6-year-old boy Local HPD: Man takes selfie video on stolen phone after aggravated robbery  Nation/World NewsFix Ex-Uber engineer who blogged about alleged discrimination lawyers up NewsFix Lyft says round up your fare and donate to charity Nation/World #DeleteUber signals a high stakes era for corporations under Trump Nation/World NewsFix Woman’s unborn baby, husband killed in crash; suspected DUI driver arrested Nation/World Gang member who’s been deported 4 times arrested in stabbing Nation/World Teen killed after girl sneaks him into home and her father mistakes him for intruder Nation/World Utah man who allegedly recorded 16-year-old’s death ‘wanted to know what it was like’ Local HPD: Mother hit, killed while walking with 6-year-old daugher Nation/World Man, 19, arrested in shooting death of innocent 8-year-old DeMaree Adkins Nation/World Man killed daughters before telling wife to ‘live and suffer’ Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Amazon Business Retail Wal-Mart works to close the gap between its e-commerce efforts and Amazon Originally published May 31, 2017 at 6:33 pm Updated May 31, 2017 at 6:38 pm There are signs that Wal-Mart’s online efforts are starting to click. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” says Marc Lore, the head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations. Share story By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO The Associated Press HOBOKEN, N.J. — Even after an online-spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world’s largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon’s Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations, says he’s confident about the company’s momentum and that there’s plenty of room for it to thrive. Most Read Stories Young father run down, killed in Grays Harbor County campground confrontation Future grandma has problem with plans for naming granddaughter | Dear Carolyn Paul Allen’s colossal Stratolaunch plane emerges from its lair  VIEW Mary Kay Letourneau's husband files for legal separation Tesla’s Model X misses out on nation’s SUV hungerSale! Get 90% off digital access. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. “It’s about moving fast. It’s about innovating. And it’s a very big market.” He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore led Wal-Mart’s acquisitions of specialty-online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he’s still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares for its annual meeting Friday, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Wal-Mart said most of the increase was not through acquisitions but was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn’t putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. “If anything, the gap was widening,” Spitz said. “Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question.” Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon’s relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon’s path toward Wal-Mart’s 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is “reasonable.” If Lore is worried, he doesn’t acknowledge it. “We don’t think specifically about Prime at all,” he said. “We think we (have) got a customer base — those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store.” Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup is helping bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is helping, since people often realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon’s stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook- and furniture-pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it’s testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensors track items and there’s no need for shoppers to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery-pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there’s no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. “We’ve had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it’s never changed our approach,” Amazon says. “We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about — low prices, vast selection and fast delivery.” Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet’s “smart-cart” technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it’s helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart’s website over the next few years. “We want to sell them everything,” Lore said. “The assortment is growing fast,” he said. “But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress.” ANNE D'INNOCENZIO View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Apple reportedly readies Siri speaker in bid to rival Amazon, Google Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Retaining some cool and cachet after selling up By Daniel Thomas Business reporter 1 June 2017 From the section Business These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-40043152 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Modcloth Image caption ModCloth suffered a barrage of criticism when it was sold to Walmart Does selling up mean selling out? Trendy independent firms can face a customer backlash when their founders sell to a big corporation. But many of these brands keep their cool and cachet - although it requires careful management. When the Camden Town Brewery was bought in 2015 by Ab InBev, the world's biggest beer firm, rival craft brewery BrewDog published a lengthy blog attacking the move. It accused Camden and other small brewers of selling out to "mega corporations, the ones who destroyed... and commoditised beer". It also said it would stop selling Camden beer at its BrewDog pubs, because it didn't want to put money in Ab InBev's pockets. But in April this year BrewDog raised a few eyebrows when it sold a minority stake to US private equity firm TSG Consumer Partners for £213m. Does this mean BrewDog itself sold out? "First of all, no-one has taken over BrewDog, we're still majority-owned by myself and Martin Dickie," co-founder James Watt tells the BBC. Consumer backlash As part of the deal, TSG agreed "100%" to protect the firm's independence and the way the beer is made, he says. "This deal gives us the firepower to compete globally with the mega beer corporations and their faux 'craft' beers, whilst remaining fiercely independent." From craft beer firms to organic food businesses, ethical fashion labels to beauty brands, many small firms have sold up to bigger ones only to be accused of selling out. Image copyright BrewDog Image caption BrewDog founders Martin Dickie and James Watt have promised never to sell up to a corporate brewer But is such criticism fair, and why do small businesses sell up in the first place? Mark Ritson, a professor of marketing at Melbourne Business School, says most consumers are "completely ignorant" about who owns their favourite brands. But in a small percentage of cases it can create bad publicity because the firms involved are "so contradictory". This happened when retailer Walmart acquired the trendy US online fashion firm ModCloth in March. ModCloth, which sells vintage-style clothes for women, had built a loyal following of socially liberal customers who identified with its brand values. But many of them thought Walmart was an unsuitable new owner, questioning its business practices with regards to workers' rights. Walmart tells the BBC it has invested billions of dollars in training and higher wages for its workers. And at the time of the deal, it stressed that ModCloth would continue to operate as a standalone business after the deal and get help to grow. However, that didn't stop customers complaining on a blog on the ModCloth website. Comments such as "congratulations, you have lost my business forever" and "today marks the death of ModCloth" sum up the reaction. Not so Innocent? According to Prof Ritson, the negative response to such deals is often more about perception than reality. He gives the example of Coca Cola, which in 2010 took a controlling stake in Innocent, the British smoothie-maker famed for its natural ingredients and quirky branding. Image copyright Innocent Image caption Innocent claims its values have "absolutely not" changed after Coca Cola took over in 2010 Like ModCloth, Innocent's founders stressed the firm would retain its values, in this case a commitment to natural, healthy food. But the deal had its critics. "You had the contradiction of this mass, American, sugary brand with the British, healthy brand, and it did diminish the firm in the eyes of many of its loyal followers," Mr Ritson says. But seven years on, Innocent claims its values have "absolutely not" changed. Innocent says it has increased sales across Europe by harnessing Coca Cola's expertise and resources. Turnover rose from £114m in 2009, when the US giant first took a minority stake, to £247m in 2015, Innocent's most recent audited accounts. "Coca Cola has remained hands-off and let us get on with running, growing and developing Innocent in an Innocent way," says a spokesperson. Phil Howard, an associate professor at the Department of Community Sustainability at Michigan State University, says it is understandable that small firms should want to be bought up "as the system favours bigger firms". Investors in small firms often want an early pay-back, while the costs of expanding a business can be heavy. Image copyright Ben and Jerrys Image caption After buying Ben & Jerry’s, Unilever set up an independent board to protect the ice cream firm's core values However, he says that while founders will see sales growth and "get a pay-off", most are "deluded" if they think their values will be protected. "If you talk to founders three or so years after the acquisition - you find most are disillusioned," he says. Buyer's remorse William Kendal, one a group of investors who took over Green & Blacks in 1999 - and was also its chief executive - says he now regrets selling the ethical chocolate brand to Cadbury in 2005. The entrepreneur tells the BBC the deal was driven by a desire to harness Cadbury's reach - particularly in the US - but that the brand did not take off in America as planned. He says the firm had regularly spoken out about political issues - such as whether the UK should adopt the euro and the limitations of the Fairtrade system - but Cadbury put a stop to that. "We were a campaigning brand, and occasionally we put people's noses out of joint, but that was part of the marketing. Image copyright Sim Photography Image caption William Kendall says, with hindsight, he could have done more with Green & Black's "But Cadbury were nervous about that and it watered down the personality of the brand." Mondelez, which now owns Green & Black's, says it is committed to the brand's founding philosophy of delivering "great tasting, ethically-sourced chocolate" and has invested significantly in its growth. Natalie Berg, an analyst at Planet Retail, says takeovers of craft brands can work, as long as the acquiring firm takes a hands-off approach. She cites Ben and Jerry's, the US ice cream firm bought by Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant Unilever for $200m in 2000. More stories from the BBC's Business Brain series looking at quirky business topics from around the world: 'I turned my dad's erotic novel into a hit podcast' Would you carry something abroad for a stranger? Nine-month stretch: The rise of prenatal exercise classes Can't find the right handbag? Just design it yourself Why you need to question your hippo boss From its founding in 1978, the firm prided itself on its environmentalism, ethical ingredients and outspoken social advocacy - and since Unilever took over little has changed, say experts. This is partly because from the outset, Unilever agreed to establish an "external board" charged with overseeing Ben & Jerry's culture and social mission. "Some big firms have core competence for buying and maintaining small brands, and some don't," says Prof Ritson. Nonetheless, Mr Kendall's advice to small brands that are growing fast, but feeling the urge to sell, is to hold on. "Cadbury didn't do a bad job with Green & Black's, but in hindsight we could have done a great deal more with it," he says. "It's a British disease - we validate success by the exit rather than achievement of the business." Follow Business Brain series editor Will Smale on Twitter @WillSmale1 Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story 'I turned my dad's erotic novel into a hit podcast' 25 May 2017 Would you carry something abroad for a stranger? 18 May 2017 Nine-month stretch: The rise of prenatal exercise classes 11 May 2017 Top Stories Rivals attack May for missing TV debate Theresa May comes under fire from rivals for refusing to appear at the BBC's seven-way election debate. 1 June 2017 Five key things from the BBC debate 1 June 2017 EU and China rebuff Trump on climate 1 June 2017 Features Why I failed to catch Canada's worst serial killer News Daily: How did the leaders' debate go? Freezing my eggs 'helped me after rape' Why aren't the parties talking about loneliness? Are 'McJobs' really history? What happened to Robert the smoking robot? Video The day cyclists rule the roads Did the Nazis locate a secret U-boat base in Spain? General Noriega's pen pal: An American school girl News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru Parliaments World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Election 2017 Election 2017 Home Constituencies Reality Check Poll Tracker Manifesto Guide Cymru Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Local News Broward News He stole a cop's handgun, then used the cop's credit card: Recognize him? Caption Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Caption Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Check out the Sun-Sentinel's latest news in South Florida Caption JUPITER, Fla. (CBS 12) — Authorities have released the May 29 recordings of the radio calls between officers on the morning police arrested Tiger Woods on a charge of suspicion of DUI. JUPITER, Fla. (CBS 12) — Authorities have released the May 29 recordings of the radio calls between officers on the morning police arrested Tiger Woods on a charge of suspicion of DUI. Caption A photo of a massive bullfrog is taking social media by storm. Skeptics say frogs simply don't get that big. A photo of a massive bullfrog is taking social media by storm. Skeptics say frogs simply don't get that big. Caption Some city officials want to end what has become a tumultous weekend in Miami Beach Some city officials want to end what has become a tumultous weekend in Miami Beach Caption A Boca Raton woman died Sunday after the car she was driving hit a palm tree and plunged into a retention pond off of Southwest Natura Boulevard in Deerfield Beach, authorities said. A Boca Raton woman died Sunday after the car she was driving hit a palm tree and plunged into a retention pond off of Southwest Natura Boulevard in Deerfield Beach, authorities said. Tonya AlanezContact Reporter Privacy Policy Authorities are looking for a man who stole a handgun out of a police car in Coral Springs and then used the victim’s credit card at a Lauderdale Lakes Walmart. The suspect — a lanky young man wearing camouflage pants, a gray “Florida State” hoodie cinched tightly around his face, black socks and a pair of white sliders — was captured on Walmart surveillance video. The car burglary happened late Sunday or early Monday. It was not a Coral Springs police car. “During the burglary, the suspect removed the officer’s handgun from the vehicle,” said Detective Ernesto Bruna, of the Coral Springs Police Department. Bruna declined to give the exact location of the car burglary. By 6:30 a.m. Monday, the suspect was using the cop’s stolen credit card at a Walmart at 3001 N. State Road 7, Bruna said. Coral Springs Police Department / courtesy Coral Springs police say this man stole a handgun out of a police cruiser in the city. Coral Springs police say this man stole a handgun out of a police cruiser in the city. (Coral Springs Police Department / courtesy) “The video captures the subject entering a Walmart … where the victim’s credit card was used,” Bruna said. Investigators urge anyone who recognizes the suspect to contact the Coral Springs Police Department at 954-344-1800. Anonymous tips can be made to Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-8477. tealanez@sun-sentinel.com, 954-356-4542 or Twitter @talanez Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Theft All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°
GoSearch CLTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CLTV Menu News SportsFeed Politics Tonight Traffic Weather Channel Finder Shows on CLTV ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: New details revealed in murder of Uber driver in Lincolnwood Posted 3:51 PM, May 31, 2017, by WGN Web Desk, Updated at 09:29PM, May 31, 2017 Share Update: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Please enable Javascript to watch this video LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. -- A 16-year-old girl was captured on Walmart surveillance video "walking nonchalantly throughout the store" holding a knife in one hand and a machete in another. Authorities say Eliza Wasni used those weapons kill her Uber driver in Lincolnwood. That's just one of the details that Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham revealed in a news conference Wednesday after Wasni appeared in court on first-degree murder charges. She is being held without bond for killing Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette. According to Cunningham, Wasni was picked up by the first of three Uber drivers at about 1:25 a.m. Tuesday. She was driven to a train station in Des Plaines. At 2:18 a.m., a second Uber driver took her from Des Plaines to a Walmart located at 3606 Touhy. That's when Cunningham says the teen removed a knife and a machete from their packaging at the store and walked around holding them. Then she left Walmart with the knife and machete, without paying, and was not stopped by any personnel, Cunningham said. The third Uber driver, Nelson, picked up Wasni in his Hyundai Sonata a few blocks west of the Walmart. About two minutes after Wasni got in the car, Cunningham says Nelson was stabbed by Wasni from the backseat. Cunnningham says Nelson was able to maneuver his car into a condo apartment building driveway near Lincoln and Touhy. Cunningham said he got out of the car and was heard banging and screaming at the lobby door saying "Help me! Help me! I'm going to die!" That's when residents called 911. Cunningham says Wasni tried to flee in Nelson's vehicle but she hit a median near the scene. Officers say she left the car, which was covered in blood, running in the middle of Lincoln Avenue and fled on foot. Cunningham says police found Nelson laying in the grass near the scene. He told officers that he was an Uber driver and that his white, female passenger had attacked him. He was then transported to an area hospital where he later died from his injuries. According to Cunningham, another group of officers later found Wasni crouched behind an office building's air conditioning unit not too far from the scene. She had the machete in one hand and a knife in another. When she wouldn't drop the weapons at the officers' requests, one of the officers tazed her and she was taken into custody. Autopsy results of the victim are still pending. Please enable Javascript to watch this video Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share Update: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Popular No bond for girl, 16, charged in murder of Uber driver in Lincolnwood Man shot and killed inches away from where a baby was sitting Ride share driver stabbed to death in Lincolnwood Police arrest teen in Old Joliet Prison fire Latest News Suburban officer saves man from burning car Scott Krinch talks Bears on Sports Feed KC Johnson looks ahead to the Bulls offseason & NBA Finals on Sports Feed Warm and humid weather ends the week News No bond for girl, 16, charged in murder of Uber driver in Lincolnwood News Ride share driver stabbed to death in Lincolnwood WGN Investigates Spring breakers caught up in transportation turf war in Cancun News Driver in fatal Des Plaines hit-and-run on the loose News Driver going 100 mph in crash that killed 3 members of suburban family: police News Toddler struck, killed by truck in Carpentersville News UPDATE: All inbound lanes of the Eisenhower Expressway are now open following a shooting investigation News Man injured in shooting outside Niles bar News New details in crash that killed Arlington Heights family, police ruling it reckless homicide News Neighbor charged in murder of Schaumburg woman News Investigators take fresh look at 2008 Lane Bryant murders News 2 cars targeted in shootings on I-57; police say 1 was case of mistaken identity News $3M bond for man charged in I-88 road rage murder Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 2501 West Bradley Place Chicago, Illinois 60618 • Copyright © 2017, CLTV • A WGN TV - Tribune Broadcasting Website • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Weather 86° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close How to save at Sam's Club Ways to save at Sam's Club. Magnify Money and Zina Kumok , KHOU 1:31 PM. MST May 31, 2017 Photo: Thinkstock (Photo: GeorgeRudy) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST No matter where you live in America, you’re probably located close to a Wal-Mart. These low-cost retailers are popular because of their ubiquity and huge selection. But for consumers looking to save even more on their shopping, there’s Sam’s Club. The warehouse club is an offshoot of Wal-Mart that offers bulk deals at deadly prices. With 660 warehouse locations in 47 states, you’re sure to find a Sam’s Club near you. Read below for hacks and tips on how to save more at Sam’s Club. Get a sign-up bonus The membership fee is the first barrier to shopping at Sam’s Club. The basic membership costs $45 — $10 less than it does at Costco. If you sign up via this link, you can get a free meal, plus a free $20 e-gift card with your new membership. Sign up for a business level membership to get extra perks To capitalize on your membership, sign up for the Sam’s Business level. It costs the same as the basic membership, but you can have up to eight extra people on your account. If you split the $45 cost with eight others, you’ll only pay $5 for your share. If you use the $20 offer coupon, that’s less than $4 for an annual pass to Sam’s Club. Save if you’re a student or an employee Students can sign up for Sam’s Club and get a $15 off coupon when they sign up through Groupon. Some large employers also have Sam’s Club memberships available for free or at a discount to their employees. Ask your human resources department if that’s a company perk. Get free in-store shipping Shipping to your home is only free for certain items, but you can have items shipped to your nearest store for free. Order online, wait for the pickup notification, and drive to Sam’s Club. You’ll get your items without the fuss of standing in line on a Saturday afternoon. Save on gas Photo: Thinkstock   (Photo: Wavebreakmedia Ltd) Weekday commuters should stock up on gas at Sam’s Club while they do their weekend shopping. While prices and savings depend on your location, you can save around 10 cents a gallon. If you fill up 14 gallons a week, that’s $1.40 or about $73 a year. Unlock extra deals on Groupon When you shop on the Sam’s Club’s website through Groupon, you can find extra deals not available in the store. Plus, you’ll earn cash back through the Groupon site, sometimes up to 5%. You can also sign up via email to be notified when Groupon posts new deals through Sam’s Club. Check out their niche programs Did you know you can buy a car through Sam’s Club? Or get discounts on identity theft protection? Because Sam’s Club operates as a huge membership program, they can find special deals for their members that other stores can’t match. Scroll through their various services the next time you need a pair of eyeglasses or marketing materials for your small business. Take advantage of military discounts Sam’s Club provides both active and former service members an extra bonus when they sign up or renew their membership. Currently, any military member who joins by July 31 will receive a $15 gift card if they purchase a Sam’s Savings or Business membership ($45) or a $25 gift card if they buy a Sam’s Plus membership (normally $100). Share the love People who refer other loved ones to Sam’s Club can get a $10 gift card for each person who signs up. Plus, they’ll receive a $20 gift card. There’s no limit on how many people can sign up, so feel free to share this link on social media to get the most buzz. You must be a registered member of Samsclub.com to get the e-gift card. Photo: Thinkstock   (Photo: tumsasedgars, © Edgars Sermulis, All Rights Reserved) Free health screenings Sam’s Club provides free health screenings to members on the second Saturday of the month from January to October, according to this press release. Call your local store’s pharmacy to verify the hours and dates before stopping in. Discount movie tickets Nowadays, movie tickets often cost $10 or more per showing. But Sam’s Club often sells discounted gift cards for movie theater conglomerates, such as AMC, Regal, and Studio Movie Grill. Current deals include: ●     Cinemark Theatres – gift card for two adult tickets for $16.98 ●     Studio Movie Grill – two $25 gift cards for $39.98 ●     AMC Movie Theatres – $45 gift card for $42.98 Make sure to double-check any fine print on these gift cards, as sometimes they can’t be used for every showing. MagnifyMoney is a price comparison and financial education website, founded by former bankers who use their knowledge of how the system works to help you save money. MagnifyMoney CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS How dangerous will the heat get in the near future? 3 injured after car hits DPS SUV on I-10 southbound Valley 7th grader's poem sends powerful message Queen Creek 7th grader's slam poem goes viral Photo leads to animal cruelty investigation Phoenix-area woman offers reward in I-10 dog dragging case Does Arizona have an STD crisis? Arizona's monsoon is just around the corner Should Arizona's Confederate monuments be taken down? Phoenix daycare employee accused of abusing child with broomstick More Stories Mother of 4 dies after being hit by truck while… May 31, 2017, 8:57 a.m. Could Phoenix reach 130 degrees? May 30, 2017, 5:45 p.m. Stepfather arrested weeks after Arizona teen found dead May 31, 2017, 6:42 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Water Safety Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert Eclipse About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments4 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Walmart is preparing to take on Amazon. But first, parachuting M&M’s. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai May 31 at 4:03 PM Follow @abhabhattarai Greg Foran, chief executive of Walmart U.S., speaks during the Walmart U.S. Associates Meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, ARK. —  It’s before 8 a.m., but here at Bud Walton Arena, named after Walmart’s co-founder, Hanson’s “MMMBop” is blaring through the speakers. Blue lights are flashing to the beat, and thousands of Walmart employees in matching T-shirts (“Happy to help”) are cheering with their arms in the air. There are two days left until Walmart’s shareholders meeting, an annual affair known primarily for its pomp and circumstance, but the festivities are well underway. It’s part pep rally, part pop concert as Walmart executives and employees take the stage to talk about what’s next for the company as it shifts its focus to online shoppers. “There’s never been a more disruptive time in the history of retail,” says Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Walmart U.S. “We know there is no going back. There is only going forward.” Walmart — which last year had $486 billion in annual revenue, more than three times Amazon.com’s $136 billion — is locked in a tight battle with Amazon for the next generation of consumers. The retail giants — one founded in 1962 and the other in 1994 — are experimenting with new ways to make themselves indispensable to customers at a time when longtime companies such as Macy’s and Sears are fading fast. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) For Walmart, the challenge will be getting Americans to use its website with the same ease and frequency that they now use Amazon, which last year accounted for 33 percent of online U.S. sales. (Walmart accounted for 7.8 percent, behind eBay, according to the research firm Euromonitor.) The average Amazon shopper spends $157 on the site each month, compared with $27 at Walmart, according to a 2016 survey by research firm Mizuho. Walmart is hoping to narrow that gap by adding to its lineup of products and lowering its minimums for free shipping. (Amazon, meanwhile, seems to be moving in the other direction: The company opened its first bricks-and-mortar store last week.) Walmart last year bought Jet.com for $3.3 billion, and brought on its founder, Marc Lore, as the head of e-commerce. In the months since, Walmart has bought up specialty retailers including ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com. But just as important, executives say, is the company’s collection of 4,600 stores across the country, which account for the bulk of the retailer’s sales. “It’s a physical footprint unrivaled by any company anywhere,” said Greg Foran, president and chief executive of Walmart U.S. “The convergence of digital and physical gives customers choice on how, when and where they purchase and receive their items.” To that end, the company has begun offering discounts to online shoppers who pick up their purchases at Walmart stores. It has also begun offering free two-day shipping on orders over $35, down from $49. (Amazon has followed suit, first lowering its minimum requirement from $49 to $35, and most recently, to $25. On Friday, more than 16,000 shareholders, Walmart employees and others will gather in this arena to vote on the nomination of 11 board directors, including Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon and Marissa Mayer, chief executive of Yahoo. Shareholders will also vote on pay packages for key employees, including McMillon, who last year was paid $22.4 million in cash and stock awards, and Lore, who received a total of $243.9 million, making him one of the country’s highest-paid executives. The nonbinding vote, part of “say on pay” measures set by Congress, comes as labor groups across the country call on corporations such as Walmart to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour. Other proposals introduced by shareholders include one that would require the board chairman to be “independent of management,” and another that requests an independent director with environmental expertise. (Walmart, for its part, has asked shareholders to vote against these measures.) But on Wednesday morning, the mood was decisively festive. An accounts payable specialist sang the “Star-Spangled Banner.” Actor and former professional football player Terry Crews emceed, and pop singer Julia Michaels performed. Bags of caramel chocolate M&Ms parachuted from the ceiling. A slide show displayed recent company milestones, ranging from a 1.5 percent quarterly increase in comparable store sales, to “we closed at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve.” But the one that got the loudest cheers: “Ecommerce sales up 63 percent.” Read more: A man is suing Hershey for ‘under-filling’ his box of Whoppers The maker of Bud Light is investing $2 billion to make its beer ‘more sophisticated’ Meet Marriott’s longest-standing employee: A 79-year-old omelet-maker business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ 4 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 4 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Trump nearing a decision on whether to pull U.S. from Paris climate deal, breaking ranks with more than 190 countries 2 How a Supreme Court ruling on printer cartridges changes what it means to buy almost anything 3 ‘Something fishy’ is going on with Trump’s Twitter account, researchers say 4 Financial firms lead shareholder rebellion against ExxonMobil climate change policies 5 Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane, and he is ready to take on the rocket makers. The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA -0.1% NASDAQ -0.08% Get quote Last Update: 4:50 PM 05/31/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Beige Book: Regional economy continues modest expansion, labor market still growing Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim State agency sets June 1 deadline on reporting of Fort Smith recycling credits Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Fort Smith Civil Service Commissioners ‘hopeful’ for compromise with police chief Under 40 Forum group delivers ideas on healing Arkansas ‘fractures’ to Gov. Hutchinson Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers Bentonville seeks investors for downtown convention center Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Kim Littlejohn joins USA Truck as chief technology officer Commercial Arkansas River traffic gains muted by rains, high water levels Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Bentonville seeks investors for downtown convention center BusinessNorthwest ArkansasTourism by Jennifer Joyner (JJoyner@nwabj.com) 12 hours ago 133 views  Tags: Bentonville 0 SHARES Share Tweet For several years, Bentonville has eyed the prospect of building a large-scale meeting center and hotel downtown, but the project cannot move forward without investment — and it’s not going to come cheap, a city official said. Brian Bahr, economic development manager for the city, said he believes a convention center would be a boon for the town and the Northwest Arkansas region as a whole, but the project is still in its earliest stages of conception. Bahr’s team, along with Bentonville’s tourism bureau, is researching tax incentive options while “actively looking for investors, which can be hard to find for a project of that scope,” he said. It has been two years since Kalene Griffith, president and CEO of Visit Bentonville, commissioned a feasibility study that recommended the convention center project. At the time, she cited missed opportunities to host large meetings tied to business with Wal-Mart Stores and its suppliers. The study was conducted by Chicago-based consultant Hunden Strategic Partners, and it showed a convention center and hotel would generate hundreds of new jobs, tens of millions in new tax revenue and spark a micro-economy in goods and services. Early estimates showed it would cost about $150 million. Griffith said the proposed center has since gained traction with potential investment partners, including those with similar facilities in other markets. “There’s interest. Our biggest challenge is our need for more incentives for convention center development,” she said. At the state level, investors can receive a 15% sales tax credit if they invest $1 million or more in a facility with at least 75,000 square feet of convention center space. An adjoining hotel cannot be counted toward the total square footage of the tax credit requirement, said Arkansas Economic Development Commission spokesman Scott Hardin. There aren’t any tax breaks or investment assurances in place with the city of Bentonville for such a project, and Bahr said any discussion with the city about potential incentives should wait until a serious investor is on board to help take on the expensive project. A hotel-convention center will require a significant amount of space, and Bahr thinks the development should be built downtown, where commercial square footage is at a premium right now. Kalene Griffith, president and CEO of Visit Bentonville Downtown is where the action is. It’s inviting, and it’s a good place for visitors to the city to be, he said. “Look at all the activity and energy that is taking place in downtown Bentonville right now, between the arts district, the market district, the square.” In addition to convention center space, the project would include a hotel and likely a parking deck, Bahr said. Compact layouts downtown mean the parking needs to be vertical, and that’s about 10 times more expensive, escalating from $1,500 per space for a basic, flat parking lot, up to $15,000 per space for a multi-story parking garage. All in all, it takes work and time to prove the return on investment to potential financiers, Bahr said. Though not downtown, an available site for a large-scale development is along Walton Boulevard just south of the Wal-Mart Home Office. An Oklahoma-based investor, Square Deal Capital Inc. of Oklahoma City, paid $56.8 million last fall to acquire the nine-story Bentonville Plaza office building and 16 additional acres. Included in the deal is 8.68 acres south of Bentonville Plaza. The property once was home to the George Nunnally Chevrolet auto dealership, but is now largely a crumbling parking lot. It has been vacant for nearly six years since Nunnally moved to a new Bentonville location on Moberly Lane in July 2011. To date, Square Deal representatives have not commented on the land purchase, nor have they filed a site plan with the city. MEETINGS MARKET There are two existing convention centers along the Interstate 49 corridor in Northwest Arkansas — the sprawling, 23-acre John Q. Hammons Convention Center in Rogers, connected to the Embassy Suites hotel, and the 13.4-acre Northwest Arkansas Holiday Inn & Convention Center in Springdale. In Bentonville, there are two hotels between 11,000 square feet and 12,000 square feet of meeting space: the 21c Museum Hotel downtown and Four Points by Sheraton on Walton Boulevard. Bahr said the city is unable to host mid-sized conventions, and the proposed facility, in terms of size, would fall between the city’s current offerings and the John Q. Hammons Center, which boasts 125,000 square feet of meeting and convention space. Northwest Arkansas is not the only region looking to tap into the big meetings business. In Jonesboro, two proposed convention centers are being planned.  A 78,000-square-foot, $50 million convention center and 165-room Hyatt Place Hotel near Interstate 555 last year received the blessing of the city’s Advertising & Promotion Commission, which approved a $300,000 investment given in $75,000 installments. However, recent investor issues caused delays in the project, prompting the A&P to take back $71,000 from the first payment until the development is back on track. Chris Keller, CEO of the entity that’s planning the project, is confident a new investor will carry it forward, according to recent reporting from Talk Business & Politics journalist George Jared. A $35 million project is proposed to be built on the Arkansas State University campus. The plans include a 202-bed Embassy Suites hotel, a 40,000-square-foot Red Wolf Convention Center, and a Houlihan’s restaurant. The company behind the project is O’Reilly Hospitality Management of Springfield, Mo., according to recent reports. Both convention centers have targeted 2018 for opening. CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE HIGH Meeting centers in other parts of the state are showing increases or holding steady in revenue and attendance. The Fort Smith Convention and Visitors’ Bureau reported record revenue for the Fort Smith Convention Center in 2016, at $777,519. Looking at the center’s 17 highest producing events, $15 million in spending on meetings at the Fort Smith center generated an estimated $293,715 in sales taxes for the city, according to the visitors’ bureau. In Little Rock, the publicly funded Statehouse Convention Center booked 140,589 convention room nights for 183 events in 2016. Events were down from the previous year at 218, according to the Little Rock Convention & Visitors Bureau’s annual report. CEO Gretchen Hall said the entity so far in 2017 has held onto increased meetings volume caused by a large spike tied to the temporary closing of the Robinson Center venue between 2014 and 2016. The Statehouse Convention Center was built in 1982 and expanded in 1999, the same year the city built the Verizon Arena. Both projects were made possible by a one-cent county-wide sales tax. As far as gauging the need for and feasibility of a large-scale convention center, Hall said, “Every destination’s a little different.” She said Little Rock’s Statehouse Convention Center “has been very well utilized,” and the bureau is now aiming for funding of a large-scale, indoor sports facility recommended in a 2015 study. On a national level, meeting attendance and conference budgets were both up last year, and more than one-quarter of industry professionals expect an increase in meetings bookings for 2017, according to an annual meetings market survey published in March by Convene, the Professional Convention Management Association’s magazine. The key metrics of budget, attendance and exhibitions space are all increasing but at a slower rate than in 2015, according to the report. Of the 200 respondents from throughout North America, 91% expected their budgets to either increase or stay the same during 2017. One-quarter reported earnings of $1 million or more from events and exhibitions. Comments comments Previous post State agency sets June 1 deadline on reporting of Fort Smith recycling credits Next post Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim 4 hours ago Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks 11 hours ago Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 11 hours ago Cash flow critical in commercial construction 11 hours ago 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture 11 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 1,743 views Startups to Watch: Chef Shuttle bought by Minneapolis-based Bite Squad 1,275 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,150 views Population growth strongest in Northwest Arkansas cities, Little Rock and Fort Smith see small gains 1,143 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 903 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Beige Book: Regional economy continues modest expansion, labor market still growing Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim State agency sets June 1 deadline on reporting of Fort Smith recycling credits Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Fort Smith Civil Service Commissioners ‘hopeful’ for compromise with police chief Under 40 Forum group delivers ideas on healing Arkansas ‘fractures’ to Gov. Hutchinson Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers Bentonville seeks investors for downtown convention center Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Kim Littlejohn joins USA Truck as chief technology officer Commercial Arkansas River traffic gains muted by rains, high water levels Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture BusinessNorthwest Arkansas by Jeff Della Rosa (JDellaRosa@nwabj.com) 11 hours ago 61 views  Tags: Wal-Mart International 0 SHARES Share Tweet Walmart International CEO David Cheesewright In this ever-changing world of technology, the people of Wal-Mart will set it apart and elevate it above the competition, said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores. On Wednesday (May 31), McMillon kicked off the International Associates’ Meeting at Barnhill Arena in Fayetteville and encouraged the company’s 1,500 international employees who were flown to Northwest Arkansas for shareholders week to take home the company culture. “I happen think we’re the good guys and the good girls in this fight,” McMillon said. “Take some of this passion and energy back with you.” Before the meeting, the employees arrived at the arena divided into groups by country, and were singing and dancing, and during the meeting, they also sang and danced to the traditional music of their country after presentations by that country’s executive team. Representing the international division’s 6,300 stores in 28 countries, the employees saw pictures depicting the humble beginnings of the company’s founder Sam Walton, who was born in Kingfisher, Okla., in 1918, and the store he opened in Bentonville in 1950. McMillon explained Walton’s work ethic of servant leadership, saying he shouldn’t ask someone to do a job that he’s not willing to do himself. ‘THE MOST INTERESTING’ Walmart International CEO David Cheesewright echoed the sentiment, and spoke on the opportunity the company offers its employees, noting McMillon was handling boxes in a distribution center when he started with the company. Now, he’s running the biggest company in the world, Cheesewright said. “Where else could that happen?” He said the company’s international division is not the “biggest, but we’re the most interesting by a long, long way.” Unlike the U.S. division, it has 65 store formats, and is in the fourth consecutive year of improving quarterly sales. “I don’t think there’s any other segment that has done that,” he said, giving credit to the work of the store employees. In discussing the company’s impact, he mentioned a U.S. study on how a new Walmart saved each person in the town an average of $3,500. It was like giving each resident a 5% to 6% pay raise, he said. “That’s amazing. That kind of brings it to life for me.” He also discussed the division’s recycling efforts to create zero waste. More than 80% of “everything that comes into our buildings is recycled,” he said. “It was about 60% five years ago.” Employees from Seiyu, Wal-Mart’s brand in Japan, gathered Wednesday in Fayetteville as part of the retailer’s shareholder week. The company is leading the way, and because of its size, other companies are following, such as when it sells low energy light bulbs or high efficiency detergents. Cheesewright encouraged the employees to think about what makes this week special to them and to talk to other employees as they bump into them and ask them what they do. “You’ll find that everybody has a special story,” he said. “But you’ll also find a lot of consistency. You’ll find really competitive people. I don’t think you’ll find many people here who don’t like winning.” INTERNATIONAL MARKETS Also in the meeting, executives of foreign markets discussed business in their division, highlighting the special occasions, seasons and holidays heavily impacting sales. Walmart stores in China serve about 2.4 million customers daily during holidays. Over the past Chinese New Year, Walmart stores there sold 33 million dumplings, and Sam’s Clubs there sold 800 tons of cherries. Also in China, more than 500 million customers shop online, and they can order fresh groceries using their smartphone and have them delivered within an hour. In Chile, the start of its barbecue season is in September, and 27.55 million pounds of meat were sold in the month at its stores, which are celebrating their 60th anniversary. September is also an important month for Mexico, and in the month in 2016, 1.5 million bottles of tequila were sold. In Africa, during its barbecue season, more than 1.1 million pounds of charcoal and 4.5 million meat packs were sold. Easter is an important holiday in the United Kingdom, and $70 million in Easter eggs were sold this past holiday. In Japan, spring is an important season, and sales for a top selling sushi item, the Eho-maki roll, rose 11% for the season over the past year. Japan executives showed an image, depicting the number of rolls sold would stretch 180 miles, or from Oklahoma City to Bentonville. In Canada, the country is celebrating its 150th anniversary, and the company’s private clothing brand, Canadiana, is marking the occasion. COMPANY AWARDS The company also handed out Integrity in Action awards to employees who went above and beyond, such as an Argentina pharmacist who helped to expose a $10 million prescription fraud ring or a United Kingdom pharmacist who helped a customer discover she was a victim of natural gas poisoning. The store of the year was 3658 in Canada. Associates of the year were Jan Ross of store 3004 in Canada, Chunyuan Chen of China and Juan Silva of store 1046 in Argentina. Ross saved a baby’s life by bringing down its body temperature and performing CPR before paramedics arrived. The company named two employees, one from Brazil and the other from South Africa, as part of its Associate Talent Search, and they sang during the meeting. Comments comments Previous post Beige Book: Regional economy continues modest expansion, labor market still growing Next post Cash flow critical in commercial construction Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim 4 hours ago Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks 11 hours ago Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 11 hours ago Cash flow critical in commercial construction 11 hours ago 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture 11 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 1,743 views Startups to Watch: Chef Shuttle bought by Minneapolis-based Bite Squad 1,275 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,150 views Population growth strongest in Northwest Arkansas cities, Little Rock and Fort Smith see small gains 1,143 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 903 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Staff Photographer How much do Dallas-Fort Worth shoppers like buying groceries online? Just ask Wal-Mart Filed under Retail at 14 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Maria Halkias Connect with Maria Halkias On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Texas is Wal-Mart's largest market, including its biggest grocery market. But would its Lone Star state customers accustomed to driving the family's big SUV to Wal-Mart to stock up on groceries embrace an online option? Apparently, yes. Dallas-Fort Worth is now Wal-Mart's biggest online grocery market in the nation. Some North Texas Wal-Mart stores are filling 900 orders a week. The average for the region is around 500 to 600 orders a week, said Jason Fogerty, Wal-Mart's Dallas area market coach for e-commerce. Wal-Mart just added the service to its first store inside the Dallas city limits at 6185 Retail Road in the Timber Creek Crossing shopping center. "Our customers love it. We're giving them what they want: time with their family," Fogerty said. On the first day it was offered at the Timber Creek location last week, he said, all but one of the customers was new to Wal-Mart's online service. Some Dallas shoppers were going to Garland and Rowlett for curbside pickup, Fogerty said. Wal-Mart grocery curbside service begins in North Texas Wal-Mart was the first to bring online grocery shopping with curbside service to North Texas in October 2015, and now it has expanded curbside pickup to more than 50 stores in Dallas-Fort Worth. Suburban shoppers were the first to have the option of swinging by a store to have a Wal-Mart employee load their groceries into their vehicle that they ordered online. Nationwide, Wal-Mart has expanded it to 500 stores and is adding 600 stores this year. "We think the service is ideal for attracting customers we aren't serving now," said Dallas store manager Tara Barnes, including people from East Dallas neighborhoods, Lake Highlands and students from Southern Methodist University. "Since we're the only Dallas store that has it, we're hoping we'll attract a different customer. Maybe a Tom Thumb shopper who wants this convenience will come here instead," Barnes saud,  She expects the Dallas store to quickly crank up to 40 to 50 orders a day. Ten employees have been trained and assigned exclusively to the service, and another 30 have had enough training to pitch in. Wal-Mart divided a supercenter into eight areas, and the professional shoppers are dispatched with a specially designed cart to accommodate shopping multiple orders at once. Sergio Rivera, the Dallas store's e-commerce manager said the staff received three weeks of training that included filling all the orders one day at a store in Rowlett and Garland. "When the other stores let us run it, we gained a lot of experience." If a size or brand isn't available, employees will pick the larger size or a higher quality at no additional cost, Rivera said. "We also tell the customer about the substitution, and if they don't want it, we can remove it from the receipt." The service is free and orders placed by 10 a.m. can be picked up the same day. Wal-Mart and Amazon are both building their online grocery business. Amazon last month opened two grocery pickup stores in Seattle. In other cities, it's partnered with local supermarkets. Sprouts Farmers Market is Amazon's Dallas grocery source. Kroger started its ClickList curbside service last summer in North Texas. Tom Thumb started online shopping delivery service in Dallas this year. Shoppers have several other options also through Instacart and Google Express. Kroger names which DFW stores will take ClickList online grocery orders After shunning the service in the late 1990s and early 2000s, shoppers today are interested in online grocery shopping as better technology and mobile shopping make it easier. Tanner Kelly, 27, picked up his $180 order last Friday at the Timbercreek Crossing Wal-Mart. He had just moved into a new apartment in Lake Highlands from Rockwall and said he had been adding items on the Walmart.com app all week. "Instead of spending two hours in the store, I just kept adding to my list as I'd think of things," Kelly said. "And now that I'm done moving, I'm coming by for my groceries." Kelly said his mother uses the service so he was used to shopping this way.  Twitter: @MariaHalkias View Comments Tags Retail Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! News Local news Breaking News Girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with stolen knife, machete Alexandra Nelson, sister of victim Grant Nelson, speaks to reporters May 31, 2017, after a hearing at the Skokie courthouse. Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham gave a detailed account of the machete and knife attack. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)  Alexandra Nelson, sister of victim Grant Nelson, speaks to reporters May 31, 2017, after a hearing at the Skokie courthouse. Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham gave a detailed account of the machete and knife attack. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)  Grace Wong, Susan Berger and Brian L. CoxContact ReporterChicago Tribune A teenage girl from Chicago who has been charged with killing an Uber driver randomly attacked the man with a knife and a machete that she had just stolen from Walmart, authorities say. Eliza Wasni, 16, kept her eyes mostly to the floor Wednesday afternoon as a Cook County judge ordered her held without bail in the killing of Grant Nelson of Wilmette — an act prosecutors called "heinous" and "not provoked in any manner." Prosecutors said Nelson, 34, had picked up Wasni early Tuesday a few blocks from a Walmart in Skokie and, minutes into the ride, near the corner of Touhy and Lincoln avenues in Lincolnwood, she began stabbing him. He managed to pull over his Hyundai and run to a nearby condominium building lobby, where he pushed buzzers and yelled, "Help me, help me. I'm going to die," Assistant State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham said. Wasni took off in Nelson's car but quickly struck a median and then ran off on foot, Cunningham said. She was found nearby wearing just a bra and leggings; a bloodstained Chicago Cubs shirt was found nearby, and a trail of blood led responding officers to the condominium lobby and then to the seriously injured Uber driver, Cunningham said. Police were able to use the Uber app on his phone to see that "Eliza" was the name of his most recent customer, the prosecutor said. She called Nelson a "random victim." Nelson, who attended New Trier High School in Winnetka and the University of Colorado at Boulder, described his attacker to police but died later at a nearby hospital, officials said. Surveillance footage from Walmart showed Wasni walking around the store with a knife and machete and then leaving without paying for them, the prosecutor said. She said Wasni had taken two earlier Uber rides the evening before, including one to Des Plaines and another from Des Plaines to Walmart. She was apparently in violation of the ride-sharing company's terms and conditions, which say customers must be at least 18 years old. Todd Nelson photo Grant Nelson, shown in a family photo, was working for Uber when he was fatally stabbed while dropping off a passenger in Lincolnwood, according to police. Grant Nelson, shown in a family photo, was working for Uber when he was fatally stabbed while dropping off a passenger in Lincolnwood, according to police. (Todd Nelson photo) Wasni spoke during the bond court hearing only to confirm her name. Her lawyer, a public defender, said the teen attends Taft High School in Chicago and lives with a single mother. Wasni has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Judge Michael Hood ordered her to be held without bail and called the crime "extremely violent." An official with the Cook County sheriff's office said Wasni will be held in a juvenile facility. Outside the courtroom, Nelson's brother, Todd Nelson, called him "the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children." Grant Nelson, his brother said, loved opera and classical piano and was a "very good" piano player. He had also previously worked at Di Pescara restaurant in Northbrook, a manager there confirmed. "He was just trying to do the best he could in life," Todd Nelson said. His sister, Alexandra Nelson, added that the family hopes "justice will happen," calling the attack "horrifying and maddening." The siblings, as well as their parents, were in the courtroom during the hearing. Alexandra Nelson sat behind her father with her hand on his shoulder as a description of the alleged crime was read by the prosecutor. Family members sobbed at times during the proceedings, including when officials described Grant Nelson begging for help in the lobby before he was found on the ground outside in a pool of blood with multiple stab wounds on his right side. An Uber spokeswoman issued a statement Wednesday saying the company is "heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Regarding the company's 18-and-older age restriction for customers, the spokeswoman later explained that a rider's access to the service can be removed if the rider is found to be underage, and that there is a mechanism for drivers to report riders if they suspect them of being younger than 18. The spokeswoman said Uber has safety tips for drivers and riders, developed with the assistance of law enforcement agencies. She also said that drivers are encouraged to contact local authorities if they ever feel unsafe, and that the app has a two-way feedback system that is monitored around the clock by a team that investigates any problems that are reported. WGN-TV A gray 2015 Hyundai Sonata sedan belonging to stabbing victim Grant Nelson was found near Touhy and Lincoln avenues, according to police. A gray 2015 Hyundai Sonata sedan belonging to stabbing victim Grant Nelson was found near Touhy and Lincoln avenues, according to police. (WGN-TV) Grace Wong is a Tribune reporter; Susan Berger and Brian L. Cox are freelance reporters. Chicago Tribune's Nereida Moreno contributed. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Uber driver killed in Lincolnwood while dropping off passenger, cops say Uber driver charged with transporting passenger while intoxicated Woman sues Uber after fellow passenger allegedly stabbed her during shared ride Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 59°
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Marketer's Brief: Once Banned, Sheryl Crow Sings for Walmart 28 minutes ago Array 0 Ads.txt Could Wipe Out a Legion of Programmatic Ad Players. That's Good By Ian Trider - 35 minutes ago Array 0 12 Key Takeaways (and the Most Worrisome Slide) From Mary Meeker's 2017 Internet Trends Report By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago Array 0 Kathy Griffin Loses CNN New Year's Eve Show and Squatty Potty Deal By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 JetBlue Tests Face Recognition to Scrap Boarding Passes 2 hours ago Array 0 12 Key Takeaways (and the Most Worrisome Slide) From Mary Meeker's 2017 Internet Trends Report By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago 0 Nutella Creates Seven Million Jars Covered in One-of-a-Kind Patterns By Alexandra Jardine - 22 hours ago 0 Free the Bid: Women Directors Ready For Their Close-Ups By Ann-Christine Diaz - 8 hours ago 0 Marketers, What's Your Covfefe Strategy? By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 The Rise of the Robo-Restaurant (And Other Eating Out Trends) By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Marketer's Brief: Once Banned, Sheryl Crow Sings for Walmart Published on May 31, 2017. Welcome to the second edition of Marketer's Brief, a quick read on marketing news, moves and trends. Have tips or suggestions for next week's edition? Send to eschultz@adage.com. Sheryl Crow will perform for Walmart associates in Fayetteville, Ark., tonight. No biggie since Walmart typically brings acts to entertain thousands of employees who come from around the world for its Shareholders Week. (Three Doors Down and Daughtry filled this slot last year.) But Crow stands apart for having had one of her albums banned by Walmart in 1996 over the song, "Love Is a Good Thing," which implied the retailer sells guns to children (contrary to law and store policy). No word on whether the song will be in the concert, but we're guessing not. Sheryl Crow's concert at Bloomington, Illinois Credit: Daniel/Dan Eidsmoe via flickr Another sign of bygones going by: The album is available on Walmart.com from a third-party seller. Said a Walmart spokeswoman: "When it comes to business decisions, every day is a winding road and we've enjoyed many opportunities to work with Sheryl Crow over the last 20 years. We look forward to her entertaining our associates because during our Shareholders' concerts all they want to do is have some fun." Michael Phelps dives all in for Huggies Even for the world's greatest swimmer, endorsement deals start drying up a year after the Olympics. But thanks to birth of his little swimmer, baby Boomer, Michael Phelps is adding Huggies Little Swimmers to a list that includes Intel, Under Armour and 800razors. Here, he and family turn up in a faux press conference to announce the deal from Ogilvy & Mather, Chicago. We're guessing faux, given the applause, but, hey, Donald Trump has engineered some applause at his announcements too. What would Mrs. Brady say? Conagra Brands is selling the Wesson oil brand to The J.M. Smucker Co. in a deal valued at about $285 million as the food marketer keeps tinkering with its portfolio to remodel itself into a house of brands. Conagra referred to Wesson, which it acquired in its 1990 purchase of Beatrice Co., as "an iconic edible oil." Conagra will keep making Wesson products and provide other services during a transition period for up to one year after the deal closes. The sale reminds us here at Marketer's Brief of Florence Henderson, who served as Wesson's pitchwoman from the mid-1970s through the mid-1990s. Donut vs. Doughnut Which spelling entices potential purchasers: donut or doughnut? Just in time for National Donut Day (June 2), Yes Lifecycle Marketing has the answer, at least when it comes to which works better in email subject lines. It's a close call. Emails sent with "donut" in the subject line in the week around last year's National Donut Day held an average open rate of 9.73%. Those with "doughnut" prevailed with an open rate of 10.82%. Fidget spinners: retail's rescuer or mom's curse? The toy du-jour, fidget spinners, could be spinning gold for retailers, Rumplestiltskin-style. On Tuesday, an analyst from Barclays increased her sales forecast for teen chain Five Below, citing spinners as a meaningful trend that is expected to positively impact the store's first-quarter sales. "Spinners may be a much larger phenomenon than the Rainbow Loom, Shopkins, or slime," wrote the analyst. But not everyone is loving the low-priced gadgets -- check out what JP Morgan Chase CMO Kristin Lemkau has to say ... Worst kid trend of 2017? Bottle flipping, fidget spinners or slime? I'm going with slime. — Kristin Lemkau (@KLemkau) May 30, 2017 Tweet of the Week We put together a covfefe of President Underwood's favorites in your city, just in time for the @HouseofCards premier. pic.twitter.com/irYJy0zMA2 — Postmates (@Postmates) May 31, 2017 Number You Need to Know 20% -- the year-to-date decline in golf equipment sales according to NPD Group, showing that Tiger Woods DUI is not the game's only problem. Oreos Cereal Credit: Post Consumer Brands Would You Buy This? Oreos for breakfast? It's true. Oreo O's, first launched in 1998, are coming back in June after a 10-year absence, thanks to Post Consumer Brands. Moves Brandon Solano was named chief marketing officer of Pei Wei after what the Pan-Asian style chain called an extensive national search. Solano was most recently CMO of Papa Murphy's, the take-and-bake pizza chain, and before that had roles at Wendy's and Domino's. Coldwell Banker Real Estate CMO Sean Blankenship is leaving the company, effective June 1. Coldwell stated that he has been transitioning his duties to Senior VP marketing David Marine. Contributing: E.J. Schultz, Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl, Adrianne Pasquarelli In this article: CMO Strategy Consumer Electronics Entertainment Packaged Food Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Tesla hits new all-time highs while market flat-lines >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Here’s What Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Earnings Must Show DG stock holders hope convenience and gas stations can keep growth going By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 31, 2017, 11:00 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Should You Buy Bitcoin? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Is Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock About to Burst? Is Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Recession-Proof? Recent Posts: Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stock for Hock Tan’s Genius Here’s What Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Earnings Must Show Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Will Succeed Where Microsoft Was Stopped View All Posts Whenever lazy analysts look at the discount store market, they compare Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) with Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT). As a result, investors have missed one of the decade’s biggest trends — discounting. It’s everywhere, as Dollar General Corp. (NYSE:DG) goes where Walmart fears to tread. Source: Shutterstock In neighborhoods that are too poor to support a Walmart, you’ll find a Dollar General. In towns that are too small to support a Walmart, you will find a Dollar General. Dollar General offers everything Walmart does, but less. A smaller store, with less selection, but geared to the people who depend upon it. The result is the same low-price monopoly in these markets Walmart enjoys in larger towns and along freeway intersections. Thanks to Dollar Tree, Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTR), whose cookie-cutter Family Dollar stores are often sited close to Dollar General, there’s no talk of monopoly, either. But the effect is the same. The Dollar General Effect Is Growing Walmart is often accused of destroying small town America. In fact, it began a process of delivering everyone the same low prices, on the same middle-class goods, found in urban centers. This is something small towns wanted, something the old downtown could not give people. For those towns which thought their tiny size would make them immune to the Walmart Effect, there is Dollar General. In many places, they are the retail environment. What investors should know is that as they go, so goes small town America. Over the past 10 years, Dollar General stock is up 218%. Over five years, the gain is 52%. Since the start of the year, though, DG stock is down 2%. Dollar General is slowing, in part, because the impact of “innovations” Family Dollar brought to the market — alcohol and cigarettes — are in the shares. Family Dollar’s supply contracts with McLane Co., a unit of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.B, NYSE:BRK.A), brought these products into Dollar General markets, and Dollar General followed where it was legal. This has now gone about as far as it can, so same-store sales growth is slowing. To keep its top line moving ahead, Dollar General is opening more stores. It won headlines by noting “10,000 new jobs,” but that’s 1,000 stores. A Dollar General means fewer than a dozen clerk jobs in your town. As it runs out of its traditional customers, Dollar General is also opening a new format, DGX, targeting car-less millennials in urban markets with sodas, coffee and ready-made sandwiches. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/heres-what-dollar-general-corp-dg-stock-earnings-must-show/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Boring Stocks Investors Can Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Buy Fitbit Stock for the Turnaround 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is on the Verge of a Meltdown Most Popular 5 Stocks to Sell in June 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Beige Book: Regional economy continues modest expansion, labor market still growing Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim State agency sets June 1 deadline on reporting of Fort Smith recycling credits Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Fort Smith Civil Service Commissioners ‘hopeful’ for compromise with police chief Under 40 Forum group delivers ideas on healing Arkansas ‘fractures’ to Gov. Hutchinson Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers Bentonville seeks investors for downtown convention center Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Kim Littlejohn joins USA Truck as chief technology officer Commercial Arkansas River traffic gains muted by rains, high water levels Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Walmart U.S. execs talk success, challenges and opportunity BusinessLatest NewsRetail by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 190 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Shareholder's week 0 SHARES Share Tweet Former NFL player and actor Terry Crews was the special guest host at the event. More than 3,000 of the 1.5 million Walmart U.S. employees donned in matching blue t-shirts filed into Bud Walton Arena early Wednesday (May 31) to kick off the retail giant’s annual shareholder week. What they heard first from top U.S. executives was “thank you.” Walmart U.S. COO Judith McKenna opened the meeting saying just that, “Thank you for the difference you have made.” There was plenty to celebrate, according to the Wal-Mart execs, from the 1.4% same-store sales reported in the retailer’s first quarter to the 63% jump in e-commerce sales during that same period and 7.3% decline in inventory levels. But some of the most applauded accomplishments included: • Reduced pickup wait time by 29% and increased customer satisfaction; • Closing at 6 P.M. on Christmas Eve; • More than 100,000 employees were Academy graduates; • Shipped 6% more cases last year; and • Raised over $60 million for the Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals “We are winning, and you are part of a company that’s taking it to the competition,” McKenna said. She said training is making a difference and the Walmart Academy’s are a “game changer.” This year she said nearly 250,000 employees will have gone through the academy training. The retailer will have 200 of the academies open by the end of this summer. McKenna also called on employees to be “advocates for anything is possible.” She said there will always be challenges but it’s crucial that employees understand three reasons why they should be advocates. “Wal-Mart is winning and you can make a bigger difference with Walmart than any other company and there is loads of opportunity for you to to grow at Wal-Mart.” Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran said the reason he spends the majority of his time out in stores is because he believes when and where you stand determines what you see. “I have to stand with you in the stores to see what your needs are. My parents were teachers and I suppose I do a lot of teaching, more so I am learning for each of you,” he said. “We face enormous challenges … convenience and saving time is important but I also believe price is just as important and that’s not going to change anytime soon. Our 4,676 stores footprint is unrivaled and our e-commerce business is growing each day. Converging these two is a big task but it puts us in a strong position,” Foran said. The one thing that Foran said could tip the scale in Wal-Mart’s favor is “you” he told them. “You are the spark at the core of the Wal-Mart experience. If we get it wrong and someone has a bad experience that’s a downer, but if we get it right it gives us an enormous advantage,” he added. “You are the human authenticity than makes the difference.” In typical Wal-Mart fashion there was entertainment at the event. Former NFL player and actor Terry Crews was the special guest host at the event. He hosted a game of “Walmart Associates Gameday” between management and employees. He treated everyone to his rendition of “Play that Funky Music.” Rising pop star Julia Michaels also performed two songs for the crowd as the musical guest. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer, took the stage wearing flashlight high top sneakers, one of the new items sold in Walmart this year. He believes the retailer will sell enough of the shoes to light 40 Christmas trees for Rockefeller Center. He also promoted a new tent from Ozark Trails that is equipped with LED lights. He also touted a new M&Ms candy flavor — caramel chocolate which were parachuted down from the ceiling for everyone to try. The party gift in every seat was blow up floats shaped like cupcakes, sodas, or popsicles. Each of the products are new at Walmart. The shareholder meeting is set for Friday morning at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Comments comments Previous post Wal-Mart employees can save tax money on ORT express route Next post State agency sets June 1 deadline on reporting of Fort Smith recycling credits Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim 4 hours ago Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks 11 hours ago Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 11 hours ago Cash flow critical in commercial construction 11 hours ago 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture 11 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 1,743 views Startups to Watch: Chef Shuttle bought by Minneapolis-based Bite Squad 1,275 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,150 views Population growth strongest in Northwest Arkansas cities, Little Rock and Fort Smith see small gains 1,143 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 903 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Wal-Mart works to close gap between itself and Amazon Jeff Chiu / AP FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is betting its online future on essentials like produce and groceries and has adjusted its shipping strategy. But Amazon keeps innovating too. FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is betting its online future on essentials like produce and groceries and has adjusted its shipping strategy. But Amazon keeps innovating too. (Jeff Chiu / AP) Anne D'InnocenzioAssociated Press Privacy Policy Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers gave it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like fresh produce, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and there's plenty of room for it to thrive. "I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results," Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. "It's about moving fast. It's about innovating. And it's a very big market." He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore's led Wal-Mart's acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he's still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Despite its acquisitions, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn't putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. "If anything, the gap was widening," Spitz said. "Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question." Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is "reasonable." If Lore is worried, he doesn't acknowledge it. "We don't think specifically about Prime at all," he said. "We think we got a customer base —those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store." Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup helped bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is helping, since people realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon's stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook and furniture pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it's testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensor track items as shoppers go and there's no need to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick it up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there's no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. "We've had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it's never changed our approach," Amazon says. "We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about — low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery." Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet's "smart cart" technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it's helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart's website over the next few years. "We want to sell them everything," Lore said. "The assortment is growing fast," he said. "But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress." Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Inside Wal-Mart’s new training sessions: Trying to adapt to retail landscape changes Wal-Mart's online shopping strategy is starting to pay off Amazon's stock tops $1,000 for the first time News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 74°
Home Contact Us News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers 5,420 9 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA Prospecting Santa’s Open House creators throwing in the tinsel By Pat Lakey From page B2 | May 31, 2017 Two of the three ladies who had a goal of making sure that foster kids in El Dorado County have a shot at a nice Christmas — a goal they have made happen for 10 years now, are Pat Hilliard, far left, and Fran McKinney, center, both of Placerville. At right is Mercedes Emanuel of Cool, a member of the local Elks Lodge who is taking over the worthwhile effort with help from fellow lodge member Judy Jenkins, not pictured. Hilliard and McKinney, both of whom are wives of Elks, gave credit also to Julianna Turner for her work in helping to start Santa's Open House, a seasonal event that provides a holiday shopping spree for foster kids along with breakfast and festivities at the Elks Lodge in Shingle Springs. Democrat photo by Shelly Thorene FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter It was 10 years ago that a trio of local women had an idea, a plan to make certain that foster children in El Dorado County would have a better chance at a merry Christmas. Although at first they were told it wasn’t feasible (too costly and too many complicated logistics involved), Pat Hilliard, Fran McKinney and Julianna Turner wouldn’t be dissuaded. And today, a decade later, the three women who against all odds started Santa’s Open House that allows foster kids to shop their hearts out at Walmart in Placerville each holiday season, are stepping aside. Hilliard, McKinney and Turner have done their duty in creating and sustaining a program that has helped so many young people going through difficult times, not only with gifts at Christmas but letting them know that their community always cares about their welfare.   Elfin Elks Both Hilliard’s and McKinney’s husbands are members of Elks Lodge No. 1712 in Shingle Springs and its members who include Turner have been absolutely elfin in helping to present Santa’s Open House for the past 10 years. The Elks opened up the lodge for the initial Santa’s Open Houses where shopping was conducted among donated items and presents including those purchased by Hilliard, McKinney and Turner themselves. Once Walmart became involved some five years ago, the shopping part of the special day occurs there, with two aisles of merchandise reserved and ready, just for the kids’ shopping pleasure. Foster children are given a gift card supported by donations from the public and benevolent organizations including Elks; last year each young shopper received a card worth $125. Walmart carves out a special time slot for the kids and their foster families and Santa Claus is there and waiting, complete with photo opportunities, along with store staff assigned to help the kids go crazy over aisles stuffed with toys, clothing and seasonal sundries. Although the shopping spree now is at Walmart, the doors at the Elks Lodge in Shingle Springs still swing wide that morning. The Elks open up the big, spacious building on Quest Court, readying the bacon, eggs, pancakes and more to welcome the happy families and continue the holiday merriment. After all, shopping’s hard work.   Capable successor It’s with mixed feelings that Hilliard and McKinney hand over Santa’s keys to the open house, but they both agreed it’s time to take it easy. Turner wasn’t present at the lodge as the women recounted their efforts, but Hilliard said no doubt she would share their sentiments. Their decision was made a little bit easier, though, knowing that a capable hand will be taking over, ensuring that foster children are not forgotten. Hilliard and McKinney smiled as they introduced a woman who appears enthusiastic and ready to go, with Elks member Mercedes Emanuel now tasked with keeping Santa’s Open House going. It’s not as easy as one might think. “It won’t be easy following in their footsteps,” said Emanuel recently as the women gathered at the Elks Lodge to talk about the remarkable success of Santa’s Open House. “I’ve already learned it’s a daily effort.” Emanuel, who will be helped by fellow Elk Judy Jenkins in maintaining the holiday event, lives in Cool — and when the phone rings she and husband Frank know that it could be yet another call to come pick up “stuff.”   Rummaging around Mercedes explained that to raise money for such endeavors, the Elks hold big rummage sales twice a year and it is her duty, with help from her husband, to pick up any “leftovers” from area yard sales. And there are lots of yard sales, in all the far reaches of the county, meaning long miles and plenty of boxes in storage at the couple’s home. The Elks Lodge not only is the venue for the merry Christmas breakfast bash, but the lodge helps defray some of the event’s expenses and its members love helping the children shop on the special day. It wasn’t always that way, Hilliard and McKinney reflected, and the women’s eyes caught one other as they talked about how it all started.   Did it anyway It seems Hilliard had gone to Sedona, Ariz., one holiday season and saw that community putting on a program for foster kids. She liked the idea and told her friend McKinney about it. McKinney quickly jumped on board and they took their fledgling thoughts to their husbands’ lodge — but the head Elk at the time said no, the ladies recalled, lips pursed. “He said it was not a good idea,” recalled Hilliard, and now she and McKinney were smiling slightly as they caught eyes. “We did it anyway.” The gals did all the shopping themselves for that initial Santa’s Open House, with the kids coming out to the lodge where they and their foster families enjoyed not only breakfast but crafts tables and other entertainment.   A success The idea caught on, obviously, and today some 100 foster children are participating in the Walmart spree followed by breakfast at the Elks’. (That’s roughly one-third of all the foster children in the county, estimated to number 300.) The children are given gift cards to shop at Walmart and volunteers from the Elks Lodge help the kids pick out their presents. It’s a moving and memorable experience, according to Elks PR maven Barbara Dockter. Dockter said one of the most memorable events of the year in which the Elks, and she personally, participate is Santa’s Open House.   Having heart “It’s one of the most tearful, that’s for sure,” smiled Dockter, on hand to introduce the ladies who created the special day. “Like the time a little 8-year-old girl was asked what she wanted for Christmas — and she said, ‘A heart.’ It turned out that she had had eight surgeries already and was on a waiting list for a new heart.” Dockter said the foster child managed to impact several hearts that day and the Elks were happy to have her and the other kids, along with their families, back to the lodge to keep the holiday spirit alive. Another, older foster kid had an interesting request when it was his turn to speak to Santa. He wanted to be able to pay the family phone bill. Several of the kids at the shopping event have requests every year for Santa that might surprise folks, according to all the ladies. “A lot of them get gifts for others, either their siblings or other family members,” said Dockter as the other ladies nodded knowingly. A bright spot from the past, all agreed, was the time the 8-year-old boy who had just been able to purchase a Walmart bicycle couldn’t wait to try out his new wheels. “He rode his new bike all around Walmart all morning,” said Mercedes. “He had a new bike, helmet and tennis shoes.” Good to go — right on back to the Elks Lodge where Santa had already beaten them there, flying overhead, apparently, from Walmart. Mrs. Claus was at the lodge, too, helping the Elks elves cook up a fantastic breakfast for all. It was noted that occasionally foster kids who are siblings are not only removed from their troubled family environment but too often are separated from each other because they are assigned to different foster homes. Months may have gone by before they have been able to see one other, with the reunion at Walmart a poignant one for all. Looking back on what they have accomplished, giving so much of themselves in an effort that has flourished for 10 years, Fran McKinney said she is slightly amazed.   An impressive decade “I am so impressed that it has been 10 years,” said the woman whose colleagues call her the Energizer Bunny. “I love that the foster children are able to have something because of what we have done. When you see those children’s happy faces you know it has been worth the effort. “I’ll miss it.” Pat Hilliard, the woman whose idea was sparked in Sedona, smiled at the memories and then her demeanor became wistful. She noted that health issues prevent her from going any farther in leading what has proven to be a wonderful holiday program.   Community effort In addition to Walmart, several other groups and organizations, including the Cameron Park Newcomers and the Gold Nugget Quilters, support the effort. Donations keep the project going and the amount of money each child may be given varies; last year each foster received gift cards worth $125. Mercedes Emanuel listened as the women recounted their success, then she turned an eye toward the future. Although she must wash and hang all the clothing donated by every yard sale on the planet, she said she has no problem taking on the tremendous organizational challenge of Santa’s Open House. And she has a quite compelling reason for that positive attitude. “My husband and I have a special-needs son,” Mercedes explained. “He was adopted when he was 1 week old. “I completely understand how the community can impact a family. When you have a community pitching in, showing that you stand with us …” her voice trailed as her words sank in. Mercedes said her son Andrew today is 20 years old and thriving. Those wishing to donate to Santa’s Open House may contact Mercedes Emanuel at (916) 712-8842. FacebookTwitter Pat Lakey Story Archive Search Recent Posts RUSD’s Swart signs off as super Caltrans District 3 employees awarded California’s Medal of Valor Grow For It! Got Lawn? Avoid a tragedy on the lake: Why swimming in Lake Tahoe is unique Santa’s Open House creators throwing in the tinsel Village Homes, May 31, 2017 Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia My Turn: Working hard to protect Sly Park Recreation Area My Turn: Hooray for less taxes – we hope A sign of caring in El Dorado County Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Village Homes, May 31, 2017 Village Life, May 31, 2017 Happy Healthy Pets 2017 Home Source, May 26, 2017 Village Life, May 24, 2017 Stars and Stripes, May 22, 2017 Home Source, May 19, 2017 Village Homes, May 17, 2017 Spring Home Improvement 2017 Mountain Democrat Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 Gold Mine Coupons, May 2017 Cameron Park Life, May 2017 Adventures, Spring/Summer 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express and other community-driven publications.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Companies Tags: wal mart | amazon | retail | shopper | online Wal-Mart Works to Close Gap Between Itself and Amazon (walmart.com/amazon.com) Wednesday, 31 May 2017 12:23 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and that there's plenty of room for it to thrive. "I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results," Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. "It's about moving fast. It's about innovating. And it's a very big market." He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore led Wal-Mart's acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he's still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Wal-Mart said most of the increase was not through acquisitions but was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn't putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. "If anything, the gap was widening," Spitz said. "Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question." Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is "reasonable." If Lore is worried, he doesn't acknowledge it. "We don't think specifically about Prime at all," he said. "We think we (have) got a customer base — those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store." Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup is helping bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is also helping, since people often realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon's stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook- and furniture-pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it's testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensors track items as shoppers go and there's no need to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick it up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there's no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. "We've had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it's never changed our approach," Amazon says. "We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about — low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery." Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet's "smart cart" technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it's helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart's website over the next few years. "We want to sell them everything," Lore said. "The assortment is growing fast," he said. "But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress." © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. wal mart, amazon, retail, shopper, online 1032 Wednesday, 31 May 2017 12:23 PM 2017-23-31 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Blasts 'Bad' German Carmakers' US Sales, Threatens Barriers Friday, 26 May 2017 | 79 comments Apparently Americans want high end German autos. However, Trump makes a... Trump Budget Will End Dependency on Welfare, Bolster Workforce Saturday, 27 May 2017 | 53 comments Put restrictions back on what can be purchased, Spend a day working as a... Peter Morici: Can Trump Really Get 3 Percent Growth? Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 39 comments If the leftists get out of Trump's way, there is a possibility.With the... CNN Money: White House to Revamp $1.3 Trillion Student Loan Program Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 19 comments College tuition increases are a direct result of the Federal Government... Ken Langone: Food Stamps Program Ripe for Reform Friday, 26 May 2017 | 16 comments In late 50's - early 60's my daddy had to be hospitalized and then took a... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Digital Life / Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Wal-Mart Works To Close Gap Between Itself and Amazon By Anne DInnocenzio PUBLISHED: MAY 31 2017 Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers gave it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like fresh produce, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and there's plenty of room for it to thrive. "I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results," Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. "It's about moving fast. It's about innovating. And it's a very big market." He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore's led Wal-Mart's acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he's still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Despite its acquisitions, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of consulting firm ChannelAdvisors, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn't putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. "If anything, the gap was widening," Spitz said. "Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question." Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is "reasonable." If Lore is worried, he doesn't acknowledge it. "We don't think specifically about Prime at all," he said. "We think we got a customer base -- those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store." Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup helped bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is helping, since people realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon's stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook and furniture pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it's testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensor track items as shoppers go and there's no need to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick it up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there's no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. "We've had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it's never changed our approach," Amazon says. "We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about -- low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery." Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet's "smart cart" technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it's helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart's website over the next few years. "We want to sell them everything," Lore said. "The assortment is growing fast," he said. "But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba, Wal-Mart Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Former Google Exec Axed by Uber 2. Mummy DNA Reveals Ancestry 3. Uber CEO's Mom Dies in Accident 4. Fitness Trackers May Be Out of Step 5. What Type Service Bot Do You Like? MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. AMD Debuts Threadripper Processor 2. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 3. Trump's Cellphone Policy a Danger? 4. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon 5. Amazon Joins the $1,000 Club SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / E-Commerce / Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Wal-Mart Works To Close Gap Between Itself and Amazon By Anne DInnocenzio PUBLISHED: MAY 31 2017 Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers gave it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like fresh produce, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and there's plenty of room for it to thrive. "I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results," Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. "It's about moving fast. It's about innovating. And it's a very big market." He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore's led Wal-Mart's acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he's still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Despite its acquisitions, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of consulting firm ChannelAdvisors, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn't putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. "If anything, the gap was widening," Spitz said. "Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question." Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is "reasonable." If Lore is worried, he doesn't acknowledge it. "We don't think specifically about Prime at all," he said. "We think we got a customer base -- those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store." Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup helped bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is helping, since people realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon's stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook and furniture pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it's testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensor track items as shoppers go and there's no need to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick it up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there's no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. "We've had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it's never changed our approach," Amazon says. "We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about -- low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery." Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet's "smart cart" technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it's helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart's website over the next few years. "We want to sell them everything," Lore said. "The assortment is growing fast," he said. "But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba, Wal-Mart Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 2. Former Google Exec Axed by Uber 3. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon 4. Qualcomm: BlackBerry Refund Swells 5. Android Creator Intros New Phone MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN E-COMMERCE 1. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon 2. Amazon Joins the $1,000 Club 3. Bitcoin Value Hits an All-Time High 4. Google Ties Online Ads to Store Sales 5. Amazon Charts and the Book Industry NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Digital Life / Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Wal-Mart Works To Close Gap Between Itself and Amazon By Anne DInnocenzio PUBLISHED: MAY 31 2017 Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers gave it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like fresh produce, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and there's plenty of room for it to thrive. "I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results," Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. "It's about moving fast. It's about innovating. And it's a very big market." He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore's led Wal-Mart's acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he's still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Despite its acquisitions, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of consulting firm ChannelAdvisors, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn't putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. "If anything, the gap was widening," Spitz said. "Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question." Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is "reasonable." If Lore is worried, he doesn't acknowledge it. "We don't think specifically about Prime at all," he said. "We think we got a customer base -- those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store." Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup helped bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is helping, since people realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon's stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook and furniture pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it's testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensor track items as shoppers go and there's no need to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick it up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there's no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. "We've had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it's never changed our approach," Amazon says. "We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about -- low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery." Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet's "smart cart" technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it's helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart's website over the next few years. "We want to sell them everything," Lore said. "The assortment is growing fast," he said. "But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba, Wal-Mart Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. AMD Debuts Threadripper Processor 2. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 3. Former Google Exec Axed by Uber 4. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon 5. Qualcomm: BlackBerry Refund Swells MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. AMD Debuts Threadripper Processor 2. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 3. Trump's Cellphone Policy a Danger? 4. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon 5. Amazon Joins the $1,000 Club NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmarts Across the Country to Host #ReelFun Events in Celebration of National Fishing and Boating Week ALEXANDRIA, Va., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — WHAT: The Recreational Boating & Fishing Foundation’s (RBFF) Take Me Fishing™ and Vamos A Pescar™ campaigns will host #ReelFun fishing events at Walmart stores across the nation to help families prepare for the summer fishing season. The #ReelFun events, sponsored by Zip™ Firestarters, are created in partnership with South Bend® and Fishing League Worldwide (FLW) to celebrate National Fishing and Boating Week, June 3-11, 2017.    Event-goers will have the opportunity to learn tips and tricks from expert FLW ambassadors, test their casting skills and purchase a fishing license. Those in attendance will also receive a free digital subscription to FLW Bass Fishing magazine and a free protective fishing license holder just for stopping by.     „We are excited to work with Walmart stores and give their shoppers a boost of confidence in their fishing skills to ensure they have a great summer on the water,” said Dave Washburn, VP of Operations at FLW. „Everyone deserves to have the thrill of catching ‚the big one’ and our FLW ambassadors will be there to give advice and answer any questions people might have.” For more information about local #ReelFun events happening at more than 1,600 participating Walmart stores across the country, visit TakeMeFishing.org. Be sure to also explore TakeMeFishing.org’s interactive map to find local waterways where you can fish and boat. WHEN: June 2-4, 2017 About the Recreational Boating & Fishing Foundation (RBFF) RBFF is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to increase participation in recreational angling and boating, thereby protecting and restoring the nation’s aquatic natural resources. RBFF’s recently announced 60-in-60 effort strives to attract 60 million anglers to the sport by the end of 2021. To help recruit, retain and reactivate participants, RBFF developed the award-winning Take Me Fishing™ and Vamos A Pescar™ campaigns creating awareness about boating, fishing and conservation, and educating people about the benefits of participation. These campaigns help boaters and anglers of all ages and experience levels learn, plan and equip for a day on the water. The campaign websites, TakeMeFishing.org and VamosAPescar.org, feature how-to videos, information on how to get a fishing license and boat registration, and an interactive state-by-state map that allows visitors to find local boating and fishing spots. About South Bend South Bend, a Big Game International brand, has devoted more than a hundred years to creating products that let families and fishing enthusiasts experience the joy of fishing, at prices they can afford. Since 1906, South Bend has been a leader in the industry and is best known for offering quality products at an exceptional value to make fishing easy and fun for today’s active families and anglers of all ages and skill levels. In 2012, South Bend entered into a multiyear partnership with „Lunkerville,” the award-winning television series that embodies the simple fun of fishing; a show where the featured guest is the expert – not the host. Since then, the South Bend brand and „South Bend’s Lunkerville” have shared a mission to get more people involved in fishing by demonstrating how easy, fun and affordable fishing really is. About Fishing League Worldwide FLW is the world’s largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2017 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 274 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico, South Africa and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated „FLW” television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat. About Zip Firestarters – starting your fires for over 80 years One of the world’s leading ignition experts, Zip invented the domestic kerosene firestarter in 1936. We love to share our passion and expertise for fire making by delivering consistently safe and reliable products that make Grilling, Camping and Home Firestarting as convenient and enjoyable as possible. Zip firestarters start your fire, „first time, every time.” They are quick lighting, powerful and high performing. Zip has products for all your firestarting needs; from wrapped logs that light damp wood to 100% natural firestarter cubes that get your BBQ grill going fast, with no dangerous liquid pooling. There really is no other firestarter like Zip. „Give your fire some Zip!” To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/walmarts-across-the-country-to-host-reelfun-events-in-celebration-of-national-fishing-and-boating-week-300465733.html SOURCE Recreational Boating & Fishing Foundation Related Links http://www.rbff.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wynne Government’s OMB Reforms Puts Planning Process at Risk According to Leading Municipal Lawyers Next PostNext Wynne Government’s OMB Reforms Puts Planning Process at Risk According to Leading Municipal Lawyers Search Recent Posts Global Liposomes Drug Delivery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales, Supply,Demand,Analysis,Forecast to 2022 Global Liposomes Drug Delivery Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales, Supply,Demand,Analysis,Forecast to 2022 FWC encourages safe boating during Billy Bowlegs Pirate Festival Global Aquatic Feed Ingredients Market Research Report 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Victory! Oregon Governor Kate Brown Signs Transgender Equality Bill Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Turbo Global Partners’ Subsidiary, Turbo Retail Management, Inc., Acquires Two GP Postal Store Franchises Within Wal-Mart Supercenters CARSON CITY, NV – (NewMediaWire) – May 31, 2017 – Turbo Global Partners (TURBO) (OTC PINK: TRBO), has announced Turbo Retail Management, Inc., holder of the Wal-Mart Master Lease for the GP Brands, Inc. (GP) postal, pack and ship franchise stores within Florida Wal-Mart Supercenters, acquires the two (2) previously company-owned stores as franchises. Robert Singerman, Chairman & CEO of TURBO, states, „Turbo Retail Management, Inc., our newest wholly-owned subsidiary and formerly Goin’ Postal Franchise Corporation recently acquired by TURBO, acquires the two (2) remaining GP’s postal, pack and ship franchises within Florida Wal-Mart Supercenters, the Wesley Chapel and Zephyrhills locations respectively. What were previously company-owned locations not generating monthly lease revenue are now additional locations that not only generate monthly lease revenue, but monthly franchise store earnings.” Singerman continues, „With an opportunity to expand under mutual agreement with Wal-Mart into an estimated 1,000 Wal-Mart Supercenters in the U.S., this is a tremendous achievement for our company representing our corporate strategy as a Marketing Consulting Services Company, which is partnering with companies anywhere in the world to help them better generate long-term predictable renewable cash flow.” About TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc. www.TurboGlobalPartners.com TURBO is a marketing consulting services company that partners with companies anywhere in the world to help them better generate long-term predictable renewable cash flow. About GP Brands, Inc. www.GPBrands.com GP Brands, Inc. is franchisor of the Goin’ Postal ® retail postal, pack and ship stores in the U.S., as well as franchisor of boutique franchises within Wal-Mart Super Centers in Florida. GP Brands also launched 10′ x 10′ franchises within retail business including independent pharmacies. Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management’s intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words „believe,” „expect,” „intend,” „estimate,” „anticipate,” „will” and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company’s actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company’s forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company’s future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dermatology Diagnostic Device Market to Remain Lucrative by 2021 Next PostNext Bioclinica Introduces Pharmaceutical Industry’s First End-to-End Clinical Financial Lifecycle Platform Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Asanko Gold Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Everest Group désigne IPsoft comme principal leader de l’automatisation des activités de technologies de l’information Endologix Reports Positive Clinical Data from the Ovation LUCY Study NTT DATA Announces Strategic Investment and Expands Business Alliance with MarkLogic Secretary Pablos Convenes First Border Trade Advisory Committee Meeting of 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Turbo Global Partners, Inc. May 31, 2017 08:30 ET Turbo Global Partners' Subsidiary, Turbo Retail Management, Inc., Acquires Two GP Postal Store Franchises Within Wal-Mart Supercenters CARSON CITY, NV--(Marketwired - May 31, 2017) -  Turbo Global Partners (TURBO) (OTC PINK: TRBO), has announced Turbo Retail Management, Inc., holder of the Wal-Mart Master Lease for the GP Brands, Inc. (GP) postal, pack and ship franchise stores within Florida Wal-Mart Supercenters, acquires the two (2) previously company-owned stores as franchises. Robert Singerman, Chairman & CEO of TURBO, states, "Turbo Retail Management, Inc., our newest wholly-owned subsidiary and formerly Goin' Postal Franchise Corporation recently acquired by TURBO, acquires the two (2) remaining GP's postal, pack and ship franchises within Florida Wal-Mart Supercenters, the Wesley Chapel and Zephyrhills locations respectively. What were previously company-owned locations not generating monthly lease revenue are now additional locations that not only generate monthly lease revenue, but monthly franchise store earnings." Singerman continues, "With an opportunity to expand under mutual agreement with Wal-Mart into an estimated 1,000 Wal-Mart Supercenters in the U.S., this is a tremendous achievement for our company representing our corporate strategy as a Marketing Consulting Services Company, which is partnering with companies anywhere in the world to help them better generate long-term predictable renewable cash flow." About TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc. www.TurboGlobalPartners.com TURBO is a marketing consulting services company that partners with companies anywhere in the world to help them better generate long-term predictable renewable cash flow. About GP Brands, Inc. www.GPBrands.com GP Brands, Inc. is franchisor of the Goin' Postal ® retail postal, pack and ship stores in the U.S., as well as franchisor of boutique franchises within Wal-Mart Super Centers in Florida. GP Brands also launched 10' x 10' franchises within retail business including independent pharmacies. Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "will" and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company's future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. Contact Information Turbo Global Partners, Inc. http://www.TurboGlobalPartners.com Robert Singerman Chairman and CEO Direct / +1(888) 502-8666 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Turbo Global Partners, Inc. From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Media and Entertainment Professional Services Retail From this sub-industry Family Information Services Associations Advertising, PR and Marketing Non Profits Other Professional Services Consumer Interest E-Commerce Supermarkets See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Wesley Chapel, Florida Franchise View Image: S M L   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Turbo Global Partners, Inc. May 31, 2017 08:30 ET Turbo Global Partners' Subsidiary, Turbo Retail Management, Inc., Acquires Two GP Postal Store Franchises Within Wal-Mart Supercenters CARSON CITY, NV--(Marketwired - May 31, 2017) -  Turbo Global Partners (TURBO) (OTC PINK: TRBO), has announced Turbo Retail Management, Inc., holder of the Wal-Mart Master Lease for the GP Brands, Inc. (GP) postal, pack and ship franchise stores within Florida Wal-Mart Supercenters, acquires the two (2) previously company-owned stores as franchises. Robert Singerman, Chairman & CEO of TURBO, states, "Turbo Retail Management, Inc., our newest wholly-owned subsidiary and formerly Goin' Postal Franchise Corporation recently acquired by TURBO, acquires the two (2) remaining GP's postal, pack and ship franchises within Florida Wal-Mart Supercenters, the Wesley Chapel and Zephyrhills locations respectively. What were previously company-owned locations not generating monthly lease revenue are now additional locations that not only generate monthly lease revenue, but monthly franchise store earnings." Singerman continues, "With an opportunity to expand under mutual agreement with Wal-Mart into an estimated 1,000 Wal-Mart Supercenters in the U.S., this is a tremendous achievement for our company representing our corporate strategy as a Marketing Consulting Services Company, which is partnering with companies anywhere in the world to help them better generate long-term predictable renewable cash flow." About TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc. www.TurboGlobalPartners.com TURBO is a marketing consulting services company that partners with companies anywhere in the world to help them better generate long-term predictable renewable cash flow. About GP Brands, Inc. www.GPBrands.com GP Brands, Inc. is franchisor of the Goin' Postal ® retail postal, pack and ship stores in the U.S., as well as franchisor of boutique franchises within Wal-Mart Super Centers in Florida. GP Brands also launched 10' x 10' franchises within retail business including independent pharmacies. Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "will" and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company's future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. Contact Information Turbo Global Partners, Inc. http://www.TurboGlobalPartners.com Robert Singerman Chairman and CEO Direct / +1(888) 502-8666 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Turbo Global Partners, Inc. From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Media and Entertainment Professional Services Retail From this sub-industry Family Information Services Associations Advertising, PR and Marketing Non Profits Other Professional Services Consumer Interest E-Commerce Supermarkets See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Wesley Chapel, Florida Franchise View Image: S M L   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Trump administration considering handing compounds in U.S. back to Russia More Headlines A letter might have lit the opioid fuse Augusta school board mulling cuts to budget after city requests $444K reduction More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Open race in Class C South boys and girls brackets as tennis playoffs heat up More Headlines Local roundup: Big second inning leads Erskine baseball to win Oceanside’s quick start too much for Winslow softball More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Don’t let Trump dump birth control benefit More Headlines George Smith: Memories of Memorial Day Tax surcharge will hurt Maine businesses More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Annenko presented Pittston’s Boston Post Cane More Headlines American flag removal project planned in Augusta Nokomis names top two graduates of 2017 More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Women rule in Maine-made fantasy web series ‘Falcyyr’ Maine mini adventure: Check out Topsham for breakfast, hiking and brews More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More Headlines Make your back yard an oasis this summer 1043 High St., West Gardiner More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Business Posted May 30 Updated May 30 increase font size In Amazon’s shadow, Wal-Mart expanding internet presence Sales are rising fast as it buys up other retailers, but its chief competitor is innovating, too. By ANNE D'INNOCENZIOAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap with online leader Amazon. But Amazon keeps innovating, too, such as with its experimental Amazon Go convenience stores, currently open only to its employees in Seattle. Associated Press/Jeff Chiu, File HOBOKEN, N.J. — Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world’s largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon’s Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations, says he’s confident about the company’s momentum and that there’s plenty of room for it to thrive. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” Lore said at Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. “It’s about moving fast. It’s about innovating. And it’s a very big market.” He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore led Wal-Mart’s acquisitions of specialty online retailers such as ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he’s still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Wal-Mart said most of the increase was not through acquisitions but was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn’t putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. “If anything, the gap was widening,” Spitz said. “Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question.” Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. “We don’t think specifically about Prime at all,” Lore said. “We think we (have) a customer base – those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store.” Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart because they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup is helping bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is also helping, since people often realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. Amazon’s stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook- and furniture-pickup locations aimed at college students. But Amazon keeps innovating. It’s testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensors track items as shoppers go and there’s no need to check out. Amazon also launched two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there’s no order minimum. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Trump administration considering handing compounds in U.S. back to Russia Founding publisher of Surfer magazine John Severson dies at 83 A letter might have lit the opioid fuse Augusta school board mulling cuts to budget after city requests $444K reduction New Hampshire man who organized armed standoff gets prison time Former Oakland woman found guilty of sexually assaulting 3-year-old boy Fryeburg officer remains in critical condition; canoeist still missing Erratic driving complaints lead to drug arrest in Augusta Identities released of prisoners whose sentences LePage commuted Family of missing Waterville child Ayla Reynolds has September hearing for death declaration Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Lewiston students protest bullying after suicide of middle school classmate Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Wednesday May 31 2017 7:58 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Wal-Mart works to close gap between itself and Amazon May 31, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press HOBOKEN, N.J. — Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world’s largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon’s Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations, says he’s confident about the company’s momentum and that there’s plenty of room for it to thrive. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. “It’s about moving fast. It’s about innovating. And it’s a very big market.” He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore led Wal-Mart’s acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he’s still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Wal-Mart said most of the increase was not through acquisitions but was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn’t putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. “If anything, the gap was widening,” Spitz said. “Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question.” Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon’s relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon’s path toward Wal-Mart’s 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is “reasonable.” If Lore is worried, he doesn’t acknowledge it. “We don’t think specifically about Prime at all,” he said. “We think we (have) got a customer base — those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store.” Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup is helping bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is also helping, since people often realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon’s stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook- and furniture-pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it’s testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensors track items as shoppers go and there’s no need to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick it up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there’s no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. “We’ve had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it’s never changed our approach,” Amazon says. “We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about — low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery.” Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet’s “smart cart” technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it’s helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart’s website over the next few years. “We want to sell them everything,” Lore said. “The assortment is growing fast,” he said. “But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress.” ——— Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio     Tags: amazon, online, prime, shoppers, percent, shipping, Other stories from today: Banks pull stocks away from records as seven-day streak ends Wal-Mart works to close gap between itself and Amazon Uber fires autonomous car researcher involved in lawsuit     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Do you think there should be more public outreach about the negative effects of littering? Yes Yes, but it won't help Maybe, but not if costs public money No, everything is fine Brush off some old ones like Woodsy Owl saying "Give a hoot! Don't pollute."                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County garage sales  
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Business How can someone accidentally use an ATM card at a store?: Money Matters Updated on May 31, 2017 at 6:20 AM Posted on May 31, 2017 at 6:00 AM By Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer tmurray@plaind.com File photo  Q: I have a question regarding your Sunday column about the use of the Key ATM card at a local Walmart, without the person being required to enter his PIN. I too have an ATM only card, but not from KeyBank. I am curious as to why T.R. of North Olmsted would have presented his ATM-only card at Walmart for a purchase, knowing that it is was "ATM-only"? Was it a mistake? If not, what did T.R. expect to happen? Adding to my curiosity is the fact that it happened twice.   I would never even consider trying to use my "ATM Only" card anywhere but at an ATM machine.   C.H., Cleveland Heights   A: Yes, it was apparently a mistake by T.R., the first and second times over the past year. It didn't strike me as an unreasonable mistake; I know I've pulled the wrong card out of my wallet before. A lot of my plastic tends to be gray or blue. I could understand, for example, that someone reaching for her Macy's card might instead pull out her Target card, because they're both bright red.   I believe T.R. thought that if he accidentally pulled out a card that needed a PIN to work, then it wouldn't work without his PIN. If the transaction had exceeded $25, then it would not have gone through. It's like when I'm at the gas pump and slide my credit card and then accidentally hit debit instead of credit. The transaction won't proceed without a PIN, which I don't have. I have to back out of the transaction and start over.   I'm going to try out one of my ATM/PIN-only cards at a handful of stores in the next few weeks to see if I can use it without the PIN. If you try yours for a small transaction under $25, let me know whether you're successful or not.   Q: What can I do about the imposter IRS numbers that call my cell phone. They leave a voice message saying that they are from the IRS and that there is a pending lawsuit against me.  I obviously do not contact them back. Just on a whim, on a Saturday, I pressed "call back" and someone answered "IRS," I of course hung up.   I have kept the numbers in my phone log. I feel bad that there are some people that fall prey to this scam.  Is there a way to report these numbers?   B.G., Twinsburg   A: First, please don't call them back again. Just don't. It only alerts the scam artists that they may have a live one. Calling back won't decrease the number of calls you get from people trying to defraud you. It will only increase them, because these low-lifes run in the same circles and share information.   Assuming you know or believe you don't owe any taxes, here's what the IRS says you should do:   1. Do not give out any information. Hang up immediately. Don't confirm your name. Don't tell them you know it's a scam. Don't tell them you believe the Cavs are going to win a second NBA title. Don't say anything. Just hang up.   2. Contact the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) by phone or online. Call TIGTA at 800-366-4484. Or you can report the call and the offending phone number by going to https://www.treasury.gov/tigta/contact_report_scam.shtml   3. Report the attempted scam to the Federal Trade Commission. Go to https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/#%26panel1-1 Make note that your query concerns an "IRS telephone scam." If you're not sure whether you owe taxes, or think you might, call the real IRS at 800-829-1040. IRS workers can help you figure out your situation and discuss how you will pay anything you might owe.     View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Wearable X Introduces Yoga Pants Embedded With Sensors Wear LACMA Program Taps Kendall Conrad, Lena Wald and Outerknown Bridget Foley's Diary: Calvin Klein, Godfather of Today IMG Courts International Designers With NYFW: First Stage Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Mastercard's APT Unit Helps Retailers Make 'Data-Driven' Business Decisions First Insight Partners With European Apparel Brand S. Oliver Demna Gvasalia Looks to the Office for Balenciaga Men's Campaign Kors' Turnaround Plan to Shake the Doldrums Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Promise Organic Baby to Launch at CVS John Paul DeJoria's American Dream Captured in Documentary Sleek Makeup Set for U.S. Debut Benefit Builds Brow Biz, Brow Bars Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Herno to Open First U.S. Store, Plots American Expansion Teddy Ondo Ella to Launch Namesake Tailoring Line Embodying Modern Africa YG Relaunches 4 Hunnid Clothing Line Original Penguin Opens Aspen Pop-up Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Tibi RTW Resort 2018 Rebecca Minkoff Resort 2018 Missoni Resort 2018 Cinq à Sept Resort 2018 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories David Beckham To Be Brand Ambassador for Tudor Vincent Chin’s Good Turn — From Ralph Lauren to Akola Project Cynthia Rowley, MZ Wallace Collaborate on Tote Moda Operandi Is Giving Jewelry a Long Runway Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Giorgio Armani Hosts Film Series Selected by Larry Fink Sergio Rossi Hosts Intimate Dinner in New York Kendall Jenner Is Officially an Ambassador for Adidas Originals 50 Years of Metropolitan Opera Fashion Parties People Lifestyle Real Estate Dirt … Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Real Estate Dirt Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Kors Posts Q4 Loss, But Beats Wall Street's Adjusted EPS Estimate clock 19h • Vicki M. Young Business Shopping Centers and Retailers Face Challenges of a Decade clock May 31, 2017 • Sharon Edelson Business New Reality Requires New Strategy for Old Guard Fashion Firms clock May 31, 2017 • Allan Ellinger Business Business Features Think Tank: New Reality Requires New Strategy for Old Guard Fashion Firms Allan Ellinger, cofounder and senior managing director of MMG Advisors, explains. By Allan Ellinger on May 31, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Gigi Hadid As the fashion and retail landscape continues to evolve at warp speed, “old guard” vendors and newer digitally native e-commerce companies are rapidly converging at an M&A intersection of mutual need. While online players offer the right combination of technology, data-driven consumer insights and social engagement as well as aesthetics, established, traditionally rooted firms bring operational excellence, product development and sourcing capabilities, in addition to sorely needed working capital. Veteran brands and labels would be wise to find a next-gen partner to intelligently enter the digital fray as it is often cheaper to buy it than to build it. It appears that patience in the venture capital and private equity communities for next-generation fashion and retail-tech companies is waning, given burn rates that are too high and success rates that are too low. As capital is beginning to dry up for still unprofitable e-commerce start-ups, opportunities for strategics will open up at prices worth negotiating. The core competencies of design, manufacturing and sourcing, logistics and importing remain intrinsic to the fashion industry and where — via the right strategic relationship — one can provide digital retailers with much-needed business acumen, a strong balance sheet and leverageable infrastructure. Allan Ellinger  Look at the evolving strategies at Wal-Mart, Tommy Hilfiger and PVH. These “old guard” retailers and brands are jumping into this new industry paradigm, risking capital and brand equity for the opportunity to remain viable with new consumers tomorrow. At Wal-Mart, the $3.3 billion Jet.com acquisition brought digital entrepreneur Marc Lore to the retailer, and he is quickly putting his fingerprint on the organization with new acquisitions and hires that position Wal-Mart to better compete digitally with Amazon et al. Lore has been given the necessary autonomy needed to drive a new business model supported by Wal-Mart’s world class logistics and infrastructure. Kudos to Wal-Mart for stepping out of its comfort zone and trying and testing new retail approaches. An intensive focus on social media and a new consumer is at play at PVH’s Tommy Hilfiger. Shifting its operating model to see-now-buy-now, creating the fashion event Tommyland at Venice Beach, leveraging Gigi Hadid’s celebrity power and youth appeal, and employing a digitally focused global media campaign all have amplified the voice and reach of the Tommy Hilfiger brand and altered its business model, better equipping the company to compete as a nimbler, just-in-time, fashion brand. PVH has been active on the acquisition front as well. In March 2017, this 137-year-old apparel company purchased True & Co. a five-year-old born on the web direct-to-consumer e-commerce bra brand, adding to its Calvin Klein, Warner’s and Olga intimates businesses. PVH will now have in-house data analytics that drive True & Co.’s success and can be leveraged across PVH’s brands while providing category expertise, global brand management and supply chain know-how that will support True & Co.’s next leg of growth. Success in today’s fashion industry is increasingly tenuous amid the growing number of store closures and bankruptcies in tandem with the seemingly daily arrival of yet another “fashion tech digital disruptor” and the continuing onslaught of Amazon. This year, many traditional apparel brands and labels will see sales volume decline in tandem with fewer points of distribution and competition from the newest flavor of the day. Even established brands with strong consumer loyalty are navigating a choppy landscape as consumer demands are changing faster than their ability to keep pace. The rate of change is unprecedented and it is working its way through the apparel ecosystem, from design, textile production to assembly and manufacturing, to logistics and distribution and finally to point of sale as digitization impacts the entire supply chain. These challenges and more will increase for the next few years as creative destruction continues. Over the long haul, the digital shift should generate efficiencies that yield enhanced profitability. Opportunities co-exist with these challenges. But, this requires a new framework, out-of-the-box thinking, and a willingness to test and try new business models. The need for a new vision replete with new goals, new brand and marketing strategies and as importantly, new level talent is a must. Internal, radical organizational and cultural change is extremely difficult, it often takes too long and can upset the corporate structure. An alternative route is to find a strategic partner that has the digital know-how and the social media savvy that your business lacks, while offering the depth of industry experience digital disruptors need in order to achieve, profitable growth. The right combinations can supercharge both partners and result in synergies benefiting both parties. This isn’t about next season, or next year. This is about long-term survival. The biggest risk today is to do nothing. Simply put, inactivity or indecision is not a strategy. Allan Ellinger is cofounder and senior managing director of MMG Advisors. For More Business News From WWD, See: Amazon, Wal-Mart and Apple Top List of Biggest E-commerce Retailers Consumer Preferences Reshaping Retail Landscape Study Shows Doing Business Globally Can Increase Payment Errors You're missing something! SUBSCRIBE NOW Apparel Fashion retail sector think tank Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Men's Nike to Highlight Innovation in New Exhibit, Shoot With Dancer David Hallberg clock May 31, 2017 • Jean E. Palmieri Latest Galleries ‘Good Girl Gone Bad’ Turns 10: See Rihanna’s Looks Through the Years Céline RTW Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: 2017 Cannes Film Festival FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd A street style moment captured in Cannes. 📸: @vannibassetti #theyarewearing @wwd A summer style moment in Cannes. 📸: @vannibassetti #theyarewearing @wwd Gucci bags on parade at the house's resort show. 📸: @delphineachard #wwdfashion #wwdaccessories @wwd Pearls were woven through the models' hair at Gucci's cruise show. 📸: @delphineachard #wwdfashion #wwdbeauty @wwd Diane Kruger wore Jonathan Simkhai and Chopard jewels to accept the Best Actress award at the Cannes Film Festival. #wwdeye @wwd Details at Valentino. #wwdfashion (📷: @masatoonoda) @wwd Here's a look at some of the best parties happening at the Cannes Film Festival. For more #Cannes coverage, go to WWD.com. #wwdeye (📷: @zefashioninsider) @wwd Keeping in cool in a crew-neck sweater. #wwdfashion (📷: @gibaela; Styled by @thealexbadia) @wwd Retro statement sweaters are making a comeback for fall. (📷: @gibaela; Styled by @thealexbadia) @wwd Elsa Hosk channels her inner Cinderella on the #Cannes Film Festival red carpet. (📷: @jamgly/@rexfeatures/Shutterstock) More From Our Brands Footwear News Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s NATO-Branded Blue Socks Got a Lot of Attention 2h Ago Fairchild Live 2017 WWD Apparel & Retail CEO Summit 4 months Ago Variety Lawrence O’Donnell Says He’s Staying at MSNBC 54m Ago BGR JetBlue is using facial recognition to replace boarding passes 26m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
null
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas Amazon boxes are seen stacked for delivery. (Mike Segar/Reuters) Amazon boxes are seen stacked for delivery. (Mike Segar/Reuters) Amazon shares break through $1,000 mark for first time Add to ... SPENCER SOPER SEATTLE — Bloomberg News Published Tuesday, May 30, 2017 10:05AM EDT Last updated Tuesday, May 30, 2017 5:42PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Amazon.com Inc.’s shares topped $1,000 (U.S.) for the first time, marking a new milestone for a company wooing investors by dominating online commerce and cloud computing, two industries expected to keep growing as shopping habits change and businesses rethink how they deploy technology. Amazon shares touched $1,001.20 in intraday trading Tuesday, up about 40 per cent from a year ago and more than double the 15 per cent gain of the S&P 500 index in the same period, before closing at $996.70. Investors are thinking about how much further Amazon can grow as it tries to replicate its U.S. success abroad. The shares will likely push even higher since Amazon is growing so quickly in massive global industries that show no signs of slowing, said John Blackledge, analyst at Cowen and Co. LLC, who recently upped his Amazon price target to $1,125 a share. “There’s a long runway there,” he said. “The markets Amazon is playing in with global retail and cloud computing are just massive. Things continue to go well and investors are looking for more upside.” The Seattle company’s $477-billion market value is double that of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. even though the world’s biggest retailer will have sales three times larger than Amazon’s this year. Investors put more value in Amazon’s Web traffic and delivery network than they do in Wal-Mart’s vast store presence because online spending will grow more than four times faster than overall retail spending this year as shoppers continue to shift from stores to websites, according to EMarketer Inc. The world’s largest online retailer is dominating e-commerce with its $99-a-year Amazon Prime subscription, which includes delivery discounts, music and video streaming and photo storage that keep shoppers engaged with the website. Seattle-based Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the U.S. as of March 31, an increase of 38 per cent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. Prime memberships help lock in loyalty, which is critical as competitors such as Wal-Mart enhance their e-commerce offerings to slow Amazon’s momentum. Amazon has been tackling retail one category at a time, disrupting bookstores and electronics stores first, and more recently pushing into apparel and groceries. Its rise has coincided with the decline of prominent retail chains such as Macy’s Inc. and Sears Holdings Corp., which have shuttered stores and laid off workers in response to declining sales. cloud-computing division Amazon Web Services, which maintains a global network of data centres and rents out storage space and computing functions to clients in a variety of industries, including Netflix Inc. and Airbnb Inc. as well as Capital One Financial Corp. and the U.S. federal government. Yelp runs many of its functions on AWS. This year, companies around the world will funnel $246.8-billion to Amazon and other cloud services providers, according to Gartner Inc., up 18 per cent from 2016. Amazon’s rise has made its founding CEO Jeff Bezos the world’s second-wealthiest person, behind only Microsoft Corp. co-founder Bill Gates, according to the Bloomberg billionaires index. His ascendancy has won praise from fellow self-made billionaires Warren Buffett and Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks and judge on the television show Shark Tank. “Amazon is worth far more than $1,000 a share,” said Mr. Cuban, an Amazon investor. “Consumers always want things at lower prices delivered faster. Amazon uses data better than anyone to achieve those goals for everything it sells. They have a chance to be the most dominant company in the world.” Report Typo/Error   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$78.60 0.00 (0.00%) AMZN-QAmazon.com Inc Latest Price$994.62 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 31 4:01 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story ROB magazine Less than 4% of stocks deliver all the market’s return. How do you buy those stocks? Another record in reach of mega-cap tech stocks as Big 5 add $500-billion Macy’s downfall doesn’t spell doom for all of retail Topics Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Retail Amazon.com, Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo News Video: A giant duck is coming to Toronto for Canada 150, and it's ruffling some feathers Life Britain's 'Iron Man' breaks his own jet-suit speed record Technology Huge Stratolaunch plane leaves hangar for fuel tests Sports LeBron James' property in L.A. vandalized with racial slur Sports Tiger Woods arrested on DUI charge Report on Business Nokia relaunches classic 'brick' phone in home market Finland News Boeing trade dispute with Bombardier ‘unfounded’: Sajjan Technology Japanese facial recognition system tightens concert security News Many killed, wounded in Afghanistan car bomb blast News Trump 'covfefe' tweet confounds Twitter News Russia launches cruise missiles at Islamic State targets ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Concordia names its first female business dean Life How much is harmful?: New guidelines released on screen time for young children Most popular How a deal with the Greens slipped away from Christy Clark’s BC Liberals IMF warns of ‘significant’ risks from Canada’s housing market Tory amendment would quash effort to make O Canada gender-neutral, senator warns Ontario PCs amass record $16-million war chest ahead of next year’s election B.C. left-of-centre alliance expected to usher in green economic vision X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Train stabbing survivor: Portland has 'white savior complex' Guilderland grants one-time, $1M tax break for Crossgates hotel News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Suicide bomber kills 90 in Kabul Was May's weather as dreary as you think? Demolition makes way for better Schenectady park Warrant Wednesday: Troopers looking for Rensselaer woman Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Another tough time for Tanaka Pittsburgh spurts to victory Shaker boys' lacrosse shuts down Shenendehowa for title Mets' deGrom battered in defeat Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Salt Den is Albany area's first Himalayan therapy 'cave' Crossgates Mall in 1984: Where are they now? Retailer can't escape Amazon Banks force an end to 7-day streak Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Series hosting film industry veterans starts Thursday in Troy Picks Of The Week Movie Guide: Capsule reviews of current films Movie Talk Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week How food trends are born Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives A.M. Roundup: The slightly less expansive Frontier Town Review: ‘Freckleface Strawberry’ at Sage, 5/31/17 Tirico to call NBC’s entire Thursday night NFL package Albany’s 1st Friday lineup announced TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Fill from project was dumped at Halfmoon justice's farm Grants available to help local nonprofits Churchill: Difficult vote looms on Troy's 'nightmare' at Leonard 'Freckleface Strawberry' excellent all-ages theater at Sage Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet House of the Week: Colonial in Niskayuna High & Low House of the Week: Georgian Revival in Menands Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads Secrets to help you save at Amazon MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Retailer-can-t-escape-Amazon-11183914.php Retailer can't escape Amazon Strategizing to close business gap with online leader Anne D'innocenzio, Associated Press Published 9:35 pm, Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Begin Slideshow 3 Photo: Jeff Chiu Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. Wal-Marts acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is betting its online future on essentials like produce and groceries and has adjusted its shipping strategy. But Amazon keeps innovating too. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ210 less FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. Wal-Marts acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its ... more Photo: Jeff Chiu Image 2 of 3 FILE - In this Monday, May 2, 2016, file photo, Jet.com CEO Marc Lore speaks during an interview in Hoboken, N.J. Wal-Marts acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is betting its online future on essentials like produce and groceries and has adjusted its shipping strategy. But Amazon keeps innovating too. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ211 less FILE - In this Monday, May 2, 2016, file photo, Jet.com CEO Marc Lore speaks during an interview in Hoboken, N.J. Wal-Marts acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to ... more Photo: Seth Wenig Image 3 of 3 FILE - In this Thursday, April 27, 2017, file photo, people walk past an Amazon Go store, currently open only to Amazon employees, in Seattle. Amazon Go shops are convenience stores that don't use cashiers or checkout lines, but use a tracking system that of sensors, algorithms, and cameras to determine what a customer has bought. Wal-Marts acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is betting its online future on essentials like produce and groceries and has adjusted its shipping strategy. But Amazon keeps innovating too. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ212 less FILE - In this Thursday, April 27, 2017, file photo, people walk past an Amazon Go store, currently open only to Amazon employees, in Seattle. Amazon Go shops are convenience stores that don't use cashiers or ... more Photo: Elaine Thompson Retailer can't escape Amazon 1 / 3 Back to Gallery Hoboken, N.J. Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Walmart to escape the Amazon in the room. Walmart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Walmart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and that there's plenty of room for it to thrive. "I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results," Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, N.J. "It's about moving fast. It's about innovating. And it's a very big market." He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore led Walmart's acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he's still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Walmart wants to grow faster. As Walmart prepares to show off some of its innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Walmart said most of the increase was not through acquisitions but was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some it has become ingrained they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Walmart wasn't putting an emphasis on keeping up. "If anything, the gap was widening," Spitz said. "Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question." Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Walmart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon's path toward Walmart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is "reasonable." If Lore is worried, he doesn't acknowledge it. "We don't think specifically about Prime at all," he said. "We think we (have) got a customer base — those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store." Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Walmart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup is bringing shoppers in. Walmart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is also helping, since people often realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon's stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook- and furniture-pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it's testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensors track items as shoppers go and there's no need to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Most Popular 1 Guilderland teen girl, 17, dies from crash injuries 2 Video captures theft by Albany bar patrons 3 17-year-old boy killed in Schaghticoke head-on crash 4 Authorities: 19 charged in New York mob takedown 5 Damaging winds, hail could hit Albany Wednesday 6 4 women offered illegal massages, Colonie police say 7 Video shows fight reported inside Rivers Casino View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Newsletters Site Tools Login Daily Edition Exec Suite Reps INT'L Esq Real Estate Amazon's Stock Tops $1,000 a Share for First Time 7:24 AM PDT 5/30/2017 by the Associated Press FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Getty Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos That price puts Amazon's market value at about $478 billion, double that of rival Walmart and more than 15 times the size of Target. Amazon, the internet goliath that revolutionized the way much of the world buys books, toilet paper and TVs, hit a new milestone Tuesday: Its stock surpassed the $1,000 mark for the first time. That price put Amazon's market value at about $478 billion, double that of the world's biggest traditional retailer, Walmart, and more than 15 times the size of Target. A $1,000 investment on Amazon's first day of trading in 1997 would be worth more than $500,000 today. Not only has Amazon changed the retail landscape since it became a public company 20 years ago, it's now part of a small cadre of high-flying stocks belonging to companies that have defied Wall Street and shunned stock splits. Those splits make the stock more affordable and generate brokerage fees. But companies like Amazon have chosen to reward its long-term investors. The last time Amazon has split its stock was nearly 18 years ago, according to financial research firm FactSet. Another company with a similar philosophy is Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google. Amazon just beat Alphabet to the $1,000 level, with its Class A shares just $2 short of $1,000 on Tuesday. Only four other U.S.-listed companies have shares trading above $1,000: online travel booking company Priceline Group Inc., homebuilder NVR Inc., pork producer and ocean transportation company Seaboard Corp. and the apostle of long-term investing, Warren Buffett, with his holding company Berkshire Hathaway Inc. But stock prices only tell a part of the story. The value of a company is determined by its stock price and the number of shares on the market. Amazon.com is well over four times the size of Priceline, NVR and Seaboard combined. It is 17 percent bigger than Berkshire Hathaway, a multinational conglomerate with ownership stakes in some of America's most well-known consumer brands like Coca-Cola, insurance companies and U.S. infrastructure. Since launching a website to sell mostly books in 1995, Amazon has transfigured retail, sent revenue numbers to stratospheric heights and is among the biggest reasons longtime powerhouses like Macy's, Borders bookstores and even RadioShack have suffered. Those companies are closing locations and Amazon is filling the void, sometimes literally. Last week in a location once occupied by Borders, the bookstore chain that went out of business in 2011, Amazon opened its first bookstore in New York City. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS the Associated Press [email protected] @thr Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Amazon shares hit US$1,000, showing e-commerce, cloud prowess The Amazon logo seen at a press conference in Santa Monica, California. PHOTO: AFP PublishedMay 31, 2017, 8:03 am SGT UpdatedMay 31, 2017, 12:27 pm More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4L52 Copy NEW YORK (BLOOMBERG) - Amazon.com's shares rose briefly just above US$1,000 for the first time on Tuesday (May 30), marking a new milestone for a company wooing investors by dominating online commerce and cloud computing. Amazon hit an intraday high of US$1,001.20 in New York before ending the day little changed at US$996.70. The stock is up almost 40 per cent from a year ago and more than double the 15 per cent gain of the S&P 500 Index in the same period. Investors are thinking about how much further Amazon can grow as it tries to replicate its US success abroad. The shares will likely push even higher since Amazon is growing so quickly in massive global industries that show no signs of slowing, as shopping habits change and businesses rethink how they deploy technology, said Mr John Blackledge, analyst at Cowen and Co, who recently upped his Amazon price target to US$1,125 a share. "There's a long runway there," he said. "The markets Amazon is playing in with global retail and cloud computing are just massive. Things continue to go well and investors are looking for more upside." Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up The Seattle company's US$478 billion (S$660 billion) market value is double that of Walmart Stores even though the world's biggest retailer will have sales three times larger than Amazon's this year. Investors put more value in Amazon's Web traffic and delivery network than they do in Walmart's vast store presence because online spending will grow more than four times faster than overall retail spending this year as shoppers continue to shift from stores to websites, according to EMarketer. The world's largest online retailer is dominating e-commerce with its US$99-a-year Amazon Prime subscription, which includes delivery discounts, music and video streaming and photo storage that keep shoppers engaged with the website. Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the US as of March 31, an increase of 38 per cent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. Prime memberships help lock in loyalty, which is critical as competitors such as Walmart enhance their e-commerce offerings to slow Amazon's momentum. Amazon has been tackling retail one category at a time, disrupting bookstores and electronics stores first and more recently pushing into apparel and groceries. Its rise has coincided with the decline of prominent retail chains such as Macy's and Sears Holdings, which have shuttered stores and laid off workers in response to declining sales. Shopping malls have resorted to hosting concerts and carnivals in empty parking lots to keep customers coming. Another Amazon advantage is its profitable and fast-growing cloud-computing division Amazon Web Services, which maintains a global network of data centres and rents out storage space and computing functions to clients in a variety of industries, including Netflix and Airbnb, as well as Capital One Financial Corp and the federal government. Amazon's rise has made its founding chief executive officer Jeff Bezos the world's second wealthiest person, behind only Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. "Amazon is worth far more than US$1,000 a share," said Mr Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks and an Amazon investor. "Consumers always want things at lower prices delivered faster. Amazon uses data better than anyone to achieve those goals for everything it sells. They have a chance to be the most dominant company in the world." Topics:  AMAZON STOCK MARKET More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4L52 Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? starhub-french-open_st-native_300x200.jpg 7 tennis stars you’ll need to know when you watch the French Open ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content June 1, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles   Business   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Business > Business Breaking News > Business Highlights Business Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Business Highlights By: The Associated Press Tuesday, May. 30, 2017 at 6:36 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error ___ It's primetime at Amazon.com ... shares hit $1,000 NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon, the internet goliath that revolutionized the way much of the world buys books, toilet paper and TVs, hit a new milestone Tuesday. Its stock surpassed the $1,000 mark for the first time. That price puts Amazon's market value at $478 billion, double that of Wal-Mart. ___ BA debacle puts spotlight on airlines' old IT systems, cuts LONDON (AP) — The catastrophic IT failure at British Airways that ruined travel plans for 75,000 people has raised questions about some older airlines' focus on costs to the detriment of investment in new computer systems. As British Airways resumed full service Tuesday, shares in its parent company, International Airlines Group, dropped 3 per cent as investors appeared to worry that the company's quality of service may have been undermined by recent efforts to save money. ___ Men probing Ivanka Trump brands in China arrested, missing SHANGHAI (AP) — An advocacy group says a man investigating allegations of worker abuse at a Chinese company that makes Ivanka Trump-brand shoes has been arrested and two others are missing. China Labor Watch's founder says it's the first time colleagues have ever faced such consequences. ___ Uber fires autonomous car researcher involved in lawsuit DETROIT (AP) — Uber has followed through on threats to fire a star autonomous-car researcher whose hiring touched off a bitter legal fight with Waymo, the former self-driving car arm of Google. Waymo has alleged that Anthony Levandowski downloaded 14,000 documents containing its trade secrets before he left the company to found a startup that was purchased by Uber. ___ US consumer spending, incomes grew solidly in April WASHINGTON (AP) — Americans increased their spending in April at the fastest pace in four months, bolstered by a solid gain in incomes. The strong performance for spending and income growth underscored the view that the economy is poised to rebound after a lacklustre start to the year. ___ Trump, EPA chief meet ahead of decision on climate change WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is meeting with the head of the Environmental Protection Agency ahead of a decision on whether the United States will withdraw from a landmark climate deal. White House press secretary Sean Spicer says the president met with EPA administrator Scott Pruitt on Tuesday as he mulls a decision on the climate agreement. Spicer says Trump ultimately "wants a fair deal for the American people." ___ Wal-Mart works to close gap between itself and Amazon HOBOKEN, N.J. (AP) — Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap between itself and the online leader. Wal-Mart is betting its online future on essentials like produce and groceries and has adjusted its shipping strategy. But Amazon keeps innovating too. ___ Fed fines Deutsche Bank $41M over money laundering controls WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve has fined Germany's largest bank $41 million for failure to maintain controls against money laundering in its U.S. operations. The U.S. regulators announced the penalty against Deutsche Bank on Tuesday, citing "unsafe and unsound practices." The action follows $629 million in penalties levied against Deutsche Bank in January by New York state and British regulators for lapses in controls that allowed wealthy Russians to allegedly launder about $10 billion in illicit funds. ___ CBS Entertainment shake-up as Glenn Geller steps down NEW YORK (AP) — CBS on Tuesday announced a new leadership team for its entertainment division. It is promoting veteran CBS executive Kelly Kahl to president and bringing Thom Sherman from the CW network as senior executive vice-president of programming. Kahl, who joined CBS in 1996, assumes leadership of the entertainment division, reporting directly to Leslie Moonves, chairman and CEO of the CBS Corp. ___ USAA says it will reinstate ads on 'Hannity' NEW YORK (AP) — The USAA financial services firm is reinstating its advertising on Sean Hannity's Fox News Channel program after receiving heavy criticism for its initial decision from many of the military members and veterans that it serves. The San Antonio, Texas-based company said Tuesday it will also start advertising again on other programs where it had suspended ads, including "Hardball" and "The Rachel Maddow Show" on MSNBC, and Jake Tapper's "The Lead" on CNN. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 2.91 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,412.91. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 50.81 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 21,029.47. The Nasdaq composite dipped 7 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 6,203.19. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 14 cents to $49.66 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, fell 45 cents to $51.84 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.64 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas tumbled 17 cents, or 5 per cent, to $3.15 per 1,000 cubic feet. . Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to Business Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Brandon company fined about $30K after worker's thumb severed by drill press Eighth Street bridge deconstruction blocks usual access to business Police chase in Brandon began when meth addict got 'spooked'; man gets six months in jail Woman arrested for dine-and-dash Brandon's annexation plans spark drainage, traffic concerns Driver responsible for deadly crash gets fine, ban Manitoba Teachers' Society wants PISA test dumped Winnipeg woman killed in head-on collision Brandon remains true to its roots as city turns 135 Police deal with several booze-related calls Website hack exposed PMH patients' personal, medical info Sexual assault at Brandon house party Couple not loafing on Brandon bakery plans Brandon company fined about $30K after worker's thumb severed by drill press Driver responsible for deadly crash gets fine, ban Cops arrest suspect in arson spree 20-year-old man accused of luring, sexual assault of child Woman arrested in courier fraud investigation Brandon man charged with sexually assaulting youth Brandon man charged with luring child Two arrested following high-speed chase in downtown Brandon Virden couple in giving mood after winning $250K lottery jackpot Man caught in predator hunt blasts videotaped Carberry confrontation as 'media shaming' Brandon man faces charges in relation to child abduction Wildflower Café set to close its doors Update: Police seize guns following chase Man allegedly held captive, drugged, robbed by men wielding machetes in Brandon Website hack exposed PMH patients' personal, medical info 2 charged in Birdtail Sioux killing plead guilty Brandon homeowner finds drunk woman passed out on her couch Today | Week | Month Sound Off -- May 27, 2017 Brandon remains true to its roots as city turns 135 Wolverines hire Caplan as coach/GM Brandon man charged with luring child Sun's changes will improve reader experience Sound Off -- May 27, 2017 World Financial Group coming to Brandon Vehicle abandoned on First Street median Eighth St. bridge demolition set to begin Brandon remains true to its roots as city turns 135 Parking lot crash nets impaired driving charge Gerrard among four mulling Manitoba Liberal leadership bid Rural nursing biz 'giving patients options' March for Science under the microscope Hydro rate hike request not shocking Sound Off -- May 16, 2017 How to go about removing Trump Nurse earns Distinguished Service Award for 52 years of service Wolverines hire Caplan as coach/GM Brandon man charged with luring child Today | Week | Month Citizen Active -- Optimistic new book from Muslim writer Learning outside the classroom Crocus launches cricket teams Website hack exposed PMH patients' personal, medical info Mary Ann Moore Wellness Centre in Killarney adds Float Cabin, pool Time for city to take lead on patio smoking ban OUT OF BOUNDS: Lemieux takes over as Glenboro's greenskeeper Brandon girl posts third-best score in Canadian Math Kangaroo Contest Elvis tribute artist now calls Roblin home Blaze destroys mechanic shop Citizen Active -- Optimistic new book from Muslim writer Enrolment climbing for English classes: ACC Camp Wannakumbac lives up to its name Maguire takes Liberals to task over lack of response on ESL program cuts Learning outside the classroom Crocus launches cricket teams ESL funding cut bad news for immigrants Many new Canadians rely on ESL courses Petition calls on feds to reverse decision to slash ESL funding Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
NOWCAST Watch WDSU News On Demand Watch on Demand Live Now Coming up Soon Menu 1Alerts 74°Weather Search Severe Weather: There is currently 1 active weather alert Search Homepage Local News National News Politics Matter of Fact Weather Radar Hurricanes Alerts Map Room Traffic Sports Saints Pelicans College Sports ulocal Entertainment Carnival Central State of Addiction Vuz Real Estate News Team Contests Contact Press enter to search Type to Search NEWS ARCHIVE Advertisement Working women in New Orleans protest for equal pay  |  Updated: 6:50 PM CDT May 30, 2017 Advertisement Advertisement   Share Copy Link Copy {copyShortcut} to copy Link copied! Casey Ferrand Reporter Working women in New Orleans protest for equal pay  |  Updated: 6:50 PM CDT May 30, 2017 Hide Transcript Show Transcript Working women in New Orleans protest for equal pay  |  Updated: 6:50 PM CDT May 30, 2017   Share Copy Link Copy {copyShortcut} to copy Link copied! Casey Ferrand Reporter NEW ORLEANS — Working women in New Orleans are asking for equal pay for equal work, but Louisiana lawmakers have killed several bills aimed at closing the state's gender pay gap during the current legislative session. Advertisement Women in Louisiana are paid 68 cents for every dollar a man is paid, and the disparity is worse for African-American and Latin women. According to the National Partnership for Women and Families, the median annual pay for a woman in Louisiana who holds a full-time, year-round job is $31,586. For men, it's $48,382, a wage gap of about $16,000. Women who gathered to protest and spread the word about their cause on Tuesday said lower wages mean less money to save for the future or to spend on basic goods and services. Walmart, the nation's largest private employer, raised its starting wage early this year from $9 per hour to $10 per hour for new employees. "The position I'm in, the starting wage is $10.80. So until these past raises in March, I was only making 20 cents more after eight years than a brand-new associate walking in the door," said Betsey Marler, who has worked at Walmart for eight years. She and other women are asking Walmart to be transparent and reveal the average wages for women vs. men. "When Walmart raised their starting wage, so did Target, Marshalls and other places. We feel if Walmart will be more transparent and disclose this information, then the other major companies in the nation will do so also," Marler said. Blake Jackson, a Walmart spokesman, provided a statement: "We believe that associates with the same qualifications, making the same effort to achieve the same result, should receive the same rate of pay for performing the same work. We've invested $2.7 billion in training, education and higher wages to create paths of opportunity, and we're proud that 57 percent of the hourly associates who received promotions during the past year were women." Walmart provided additional information about the company: As reported in Walmart's 2017 GRR (global responsibility report), women comprise 55 percent of the company's total U.S. associate population, as well as 57 percent of the hourly-associates associates who were promoted during the last year. Walmart also reported in its 2017 GPR that people of color represented about 43 percent of its total U.S. associate population and about 45 percent of the hourly associates in the U.S. who were promoted last year. People of color also represented about 53 percent of all newly hired associates in the U.S. The group said it is relying on Louisiana lawmakers to create more legislation to help even the playing field for women, but several bills introduced this session have been blocked. "We voted for them to have our back, and they're pretty much failing us because this is something we want and need," Melinda Yonta said. Legislators this session have failed to pass three bills, including Senate Bill 2, authored by Sen. J.P. Morrell, that would have extended protections under the Louisiana Pay Act to men and women and clarified how and when workers can sue their employers. Morell said the bill would have provided workers with the tools to address inequities. He plans to file a version of the bill again next year. Earlier this month, lawmakers shot down two other bills that would have narrowed the wage gap. House Bill 112 required companies that have public government contracts to comply with existing equal pay laws. House Bill 222 would have prohibited private employers from retaliating against employees who discuss their wages. "It takes us as women and our community people to come out and support us and fight for this so we can win equal pay for equal work," Yonta said. Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up! WEBVTT PROTESTERS THATWE ARE EXPECTING TO COME BY SAYTHEY WANT TO SEE MORELEGISLATION THAT WILL STRENGTHENTHE EQUAL PAY LAWS, BUTLEGISLATORS HAVE BLOCKED SEVERALATTEMPTS TO DO SO.IN LOUISIANA, WOMEN ARE PAID$.68 FOR EVERY DOLLAR A MAN ISPAID.THRE BILLS AIMED AT CLOSING THEWAGE GAP HAVE ALREAD FAILED,INCLUDING ONE THAT WOULD HAVEEXTENDED TO PRIVATE EMPLOYERSAND NOT JUST GOVERNMENTAGENCIES.A SECO BILL WOULD HAVEREQUIRED A CONTRACTOR DOINGBUSINESS TO COMPLY WITH THEEQUAL PAY FOR WOMEN ACT.AND THE THIRD BILL WOULD HAVEPROHIBITED PRIVATE EMPLOYERSFROM RETALIATING AGAINSTEMPLOYEES THAT DISCUSSED WAGES.NOW PROTESTERS ARE ASKING ONWALMART TO BE MOR TRANSPARENTAND REVEAL THE AVERAGE WAGES FORMEN VERS WOMEN AND LEAD THECHARGE FOR CHANGE WITH EQUAL PAYFOR EQUAL WORK.>> WE ARE NOT GOING TO G IT IFNOBODY OUT HERE IS DOING THEWORK.IT WILL TAKE US AS WOMEN AND OURCOMMUNITY TO COME OUT AND TO Loading more articles... WDSU NEW ORLEANS Contact Us News Team Apps & Social Email Alerts Careers Internships Advertise RSS EEO Reports Captioning Contacts Public Inspection File Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017, Hearst Television Inc. on behalf of WDSU-TV. Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Site Map
Style Beauty Love Video Weddings Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search A 16-Year-Old Girl Is Accused of Hacking an Uber Driver to Death "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." GettyTribune Broadcasting - Anna Burkart By Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Lifestyle The First Time I Was Body-Shamed... Thieves Steal 30,000 Condoms, So Many Sex Toys Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Instagram Account Posts Controversial "Makeover" 15 Crazy Stories From Walmart Workers This Former White House Photographer Is Shady AF Survivor of the Portland Stabbing Releases a Poem Tiger Kills UK Zookeeper In "Freak Accident" Eighth Grade Boy Bullied for Man Bun by Teacher Bartending Sign These Are the Hottest Trends in Baby Names Today Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Lifestyle An Uber Driver Saved a Teen Girl From Prostitution Pop Star Accuses Uber Driver of Sexual Harassment Uber Says Their Drivers Can't Carry Guns ... Anymore Girl Reportedly Died Taking an"Extreme Selfie" Uber Driver Accused of Rape Had a Fake Permit Farrah Abraham Takes Back Claim That an Uber Driver Tried to Rape Her Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get this Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Cosmopolitan gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
U.S. Search Search Sign In Google DoodleGoogle Doodle Celebrates the Start of this Year's International Cricket Council Champions Trophy hillary clintonHillary Clinton Goes Tweet-to-Tweet with President Trump Over 'Covfefe' PhilippinesPhilippine Airstrike Kills 11 Soldiers in 'Friendly Fire' Amid Struggle for Besieged City climate changePresident Trump Will Announce His Paris Climate Pact Decision on Thursday Getty Images Crime A 16-Year-Old Girl Is Accused of Hacking Her Uber Driver to Death in Chicago Associated Press May 31, 2017 (LINCOLNWOOD, Ill.) — A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. New York19 New York Mobsters Indicted on Charges Including Murder and Extortion CrimeThe History Behind the Law That Created a Registry of Sex Offenders WorldThe 6 Most Mysterious Unsolved Murders of All Time CrimeVictim of Anti-Muslim Attack Thanks Men Who Died Saving Her, Pleads for Privacy CrimeWoman Held Captive by South Carolina Serial Killer Will Receive $25,000 Reward CrimeMan Shouting Hate Speech Fatally Stabs 2 on Train in Portland VirginiaSuspect in Fatal Police Shooting Arrested After Manhunt CrimeJudge Throws Out Life Sentences for D.C. Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Sign In Subscribe Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health TIME Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas TIME Labs Money LIFE Photography Videos The Goods TIME Shop Press Room TIME Guide to Sleep The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Finding Home Longevity 2017 Looking Forward Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 65° High 90° Fayetteville 62° Low 61° High 85° Bentonville 64° Low 62° High 83° See complete forecast Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event Posted 9:34 pm, May 31, 2017, by Seth Stephenson Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) -- Throughout the week, associates from Walmart stores from all corners of the Earth will be in Fayetteville for the company's shareholders event. Some associates said they were surprised to see so many opportunities offered to them during their trip. Stacey Martinez is an associate from Arizona. She said the one thing that stuck out to her was the kindness shown by everyone at the event. During a bus ride Wednesday afternoon, Martinez said she saw groups of people from various countries laughing and simply having some fun. “It’s just cool seeing people laughing with each other even though they don’t understand what each other are saying," Martinez said. "It’s just nice to see that when there is so much going on in the world and on this level it’s like we’re just human and everybody is just kind to one another and it’s just great.” Lucas Freitas is an associate from Mexico and said this is not the first time he has been to America. This is the first time though that he attended Walmart's shareholders event. He said he has been to similar events with other companies, but this one is very different. One of the big differences he said was the people and how open they are to others. He attributed this to the spirit of Northwest Arkansas. “How people are engaged," Freitas said. "How people are trying to get in touch with you, people from other countries, from other cultures. They are willing to understand what you do. They are willing to connect. That kind of stuff is very cool.” The events will last until Friday (June 2) and then the associates will return to their stores. Martinez said she was excited to take what she learned and share it with her coworkers. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Former Univision Arkansas Host Faces Rape Charge Lavaca Man Airlifted To Hospital After Getting Attacked By Cow 9-Month-Old Found Dead In Batesville Motel Room Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Dangers Of Sleep Deprivation Loyal Fans Return To Old Fort Days Rodeo Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event Arkansas Welcomes Familiar Foes To Regional News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News Changes Made To Fayetteville Event Parking News Block Party Draws Sea Of People To Local Businesses News Seniors Give NWACC Students Gift Cards For Random Act Of Kindness Day News Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week Adventure Arkansas News On Air Seen on TV Adventure Arkansas: 12th Annual Buffalo Headwaters Challenge News Chuck E. Cheese’s Launches Sensory Sensitive Sundays For Kids With Special Needs News Decatur Residents Excited About Dollar General Move News A League Of Their Own Cast Teams Up For Reunion Game News ATV Accident Survivor Celebrates Twentieth Birthday News Fort Smith Holds Rich Baseball History News Muldrow Mom Recalls Son’s Recovery With Rare Skin Condition News Springdale Man Facing Attempted Murder Charge Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Second Chance Pets Wednesday’s Child Susan G. Komen Celebrate Oregon Agriculture Oregon Food Bank Community Calendar Waterfront Blues Festival SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Nice Challenge Nice Stories More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 65° F Overcast Hi: 72° F Lo: 57° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Featured: Where We Live Latest Headlines AP Top Political News at 2:13 a.m. EDT Updated: 37 mins ago States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump Pakistan says Indian troops fire across border in Kashmir Updated: 37 mins ago ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan’s military has accused India of attacking Pakistanis in border towns in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir. … AP Top Health News at 2:07 a.m. EDT Updated: 47 mins ago A wealthier India sees alarming rise in adolescent diabetes Updated: 47 mins ago A tool to protect police dogs in drug raids from overdosing 10:48 pm Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 65° F Overcast Feels Like: 65° F Wind: W 6 Humidity: 68% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 5:25 AM Sunset: 8:52 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Second Chance Pets Wednesday’s Child Susan G. Komen Celebrate Oregon Agriculture Oregon Food Bank Community Calendar Waterfront Blues Festival SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Nice Challenge Nice Stories More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 65° F Overcast Hi: 72° F Lo: 57° F Girl, 16, accused of hacking Uber driver to death The driver died after giving police a description of the attacker The Associated Press Published: May 31, 2017, 6:02 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) In this April 3, 2014 photo, a smartphone is mounted on the glass of an Uber car in Mumbai, India. (AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool) LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. (AP) — A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she’d stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who “nonchalantly” could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, “Help me, help me! I’m going to die!” until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson’s blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehiclewith blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson’s phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson’s passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. “We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners,” Uber said in a statement. “Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Nelson’s sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. “He was not a vindictive person,” Alex Nelson said. “He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.” It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Man arrested after ramming police cars, scaling roofs Accused MAX killer: ‘I hope everyone I stabbed died’ Navy vet plows into Times Square, kills teen Girl, father critically injured in Hillsboro DUII crash Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Today's Forecast Chance of Showers Thursday Updated: 23 mins ago A Few Showers This Week, Warmer Weekend Trending Stories on KOIN.com More Crime Stories Girl, 16, accused of hacking Uber driver to death 6:02 pm A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she’d stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hac… Jury selection begins in Jaime Tinoco murder trial 3:46 pm Jury selection finally began in the murder trial of Jaime Tinoco, the convicted rapist accused of killing a mother of 4 outside a Beaverton … Follow KOIN 6 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Things to Do Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 7:15 PM May 31, 2017 at 8:38 PM The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. THE ASSOCIATED PRESS A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehiclewith blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Classifieds Submit Announcements & News Market Place Classifieds Real Estate Your Community News Blotters Herkimer County Oneida-Verona New Hartford Rome Utica Whitestown Blogs - Living - Sports Boilermaker College Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Uticaod ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Police & Fire Shareable State News Public Eye Blotters Databases Sports High School Utica Comets College Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music Scene TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Shareables Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Records Obituaries iSpy More State of Addiction 200th Anniversary MV All-Stars Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Games Contests History Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber My Profile e-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 65° High 90° Fayetteville 62° Low 61° High 85° Bentonville 64° Low 62° High 83° See complete forecast Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week Posted 6:15 pm, May 31, 2017, by Beraiah Baker Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) -- The Walmart shareholders meeting helps more than just the local economy, it's also helping food insecure families in Northwest Arkansas. Local food pantries fight to feed as many hungry families as they can throughout the summer, despite their limited supply. "More families are in need and food insecurity is greater because a lot of those family rely on free and reduced breakfast and lunch or the snack pack program," Life Source director Jimmie Conduff said. Partnerships like Razorback Food Recovery help keep the pantries open. Truck loads of unused hot food from the Walmart shareholders meeting were dropped off at the pantry and donated to families. "Usually later in the week if there's things from the different locations they'll donate. But, those things usually come on Friday and that typically helps us get through the summer," Conduff said. He said the pantry will feed 4,000 to 5,000 thousand people this summer. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Former Univision Arkansas Host Faces Rape Charge Lavaca Man Airlifted To Hospital After Getting Attacked By Cow 9-Month-Old Found Dead In Batesville Motel Room Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Dangers Of Sleep Deprivation Loyal Fans Return To Old Fort Days Rodeo Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event Arkansas Welcomes Familiar Foes To Regional News Arvest 1 Million Meals Campaign Reaches Goal Early News Arvest Bank Kicks Off 1 Million Meals Campaign News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News The Pack Shack Opens New Facility In Cave Springs News Free Meals Offered To Students On Spring Break In NWA News Volunteers Begin Planting For Spring At Antioch Discovery Garden News Utah School Installs Showers, Laundry Facilities For Homeless Students News Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event News Tyson Celebrates 82nd Birthday With Shareholder’s Meeting, School Of Innovation Dedication News Benton County Inmates Plant Garden To Help Feed Community News Fayetteville PD Partners With NWA Food Bank To Help Community News Rogers Church Installs Food Pantry For Those In Need News Decatur Residents Excited About Dollar General Move Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/wal-mart-woohoo-the-benefits-are-starting-to-accrue-1496256009 Stocks to Watch Wal-Mart: Woohoo! The Benefits are Starting to Accrue! One analyst sees good things coming from Wal-Mart's digital efforts. By Ben Levisohn Updated May 31, 2017 2:40 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large If anyone doubted Wal-Mart Stores' (WMT) commitment to online--and making itself into a legitimate competitor to Amazon.com (AMZN)--those doubts should have faded when the big box retailer bought Jet.com last year. Wal-Mart has spent billions to expand its distribution centers, upgrade its technology, and offer more products to its customers. Illustration: Getty Images Now, says Baird's Peter Benedict and team, the benefits from Wal-Mart's online investment are "starting to accrue." They explain: While an ongoing process, these efforts have positioned WMT to compete more effectively in today's increasingly omni-channel retail world. Encouraging signs of traction include early success with online grocery pickup (in ~670 stores, ~1,100 by year end), the recent acceleration in walmart.com's online assortment (50M+ SKUs today vs. 8M in 2015), and the increasingly positive impact ecommerce is having on Walmart-U.S. comps (~80bps in 1Q17). With Walmart-U.S. ecommerce sales/GMV rising 63%/69% y/y in 1Q17, the top-line payoff is starting to accrue, although segment profitability remains under pressure for now. Benedict and team are looking ahead to Friday's annual shareholders meeting for more details on Wal-Marts plans. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores have advanced 0.2% to $78.30 at 2:24 p.m. today, while Amazon.com has declined 0.6% to $990.93. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Why Ensco's Purchase of Atwood 'Doesn't Make a Ton of Sense' NEXT 9 Stocks for 'Moderate-For-Longer' Oil Prices Most Popular Oops. JPMorgan Just Broke the Financial Sector. Battle Lines: Dow Ends May Higher. What Will June Bring? General Electric: Is the Dividend Safe? Berkshire Buys Even More Sirius Tracking Stock You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:28pm Thu 1 June Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Teen 'stabbed uber driver' with machete in Chicago 10:47 AM Thursday Jun 1, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Spotlight United States 16-year-old Eliza Wasni has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Photo / Facebook A 16-year-old girl was charged today as an adult with first-degree murder and accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death in suburban Chicago. Eliza Wasni allegedly stole a knife and machete from a Walmart in Skokie, asked for a ride using the Uber app and within minutes started attacking her driver, the Daily Mail reports. The driver, Grant Nelson, managed to stop his car and run into a condominium building lobby where he sought help but later died of his wounds. Wasni allegedly drove off in Nelson's car, struck a median and then ran off. She was apprehended moments later after removing a bloody shirt. Lincolnwood police said they responded to a report of a man screaming for help at about 3.20am Tuesday when they found Nelson, 34, of Wilmette with multiple stab wounds. Nelson told them he was a driver for the ride-sharing service Uber and that his passenger stabbed him, police said. He was dropping off the girl when the attack occurred, police said. Officers located Wasni - who lives with her single mother - behind a building near the crime scene in possession of two weapons they believe she used in the stabbing, Lincolnwood police said. They said she declined to make a statement. Uber states that customers must be 18 years or older to use the service. It's unclear how that is enforced. It's also unclear what prompted the attack. Nelson died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Chicago-area TV stations reported that Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan remained in the intersection as police investigated his killing. Continued below. Related Content Staff shaken but uninjured after armed men rob Pt Chev bar of cash Editorial: Clarion call sounded for cherished yellow-eyed penguin Your Views: Readers' letters Grainy surveillance footage shows a car driving up to the apartment complex and dropping someone off. The car then exits the parking lot back out onto the main road where Nelson was attacked. Nelson was rushed to hospital where he later died. Photo / ABC7 Wasni was ordered held without bond at her first hearing Wednesday afternoon in Skokie court. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners,' Uber said in a statement. 'Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson lived with his parents and worked as a waiter, while driving for Uber and Lyft after his shifts. He had reportedly finished Memorial Day dinner with his family on Monday when he decided to go out and earn some extra cash by driving. Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." Alex said that her brother was a pianist who loved classical music, films and the family dog Lilly. "You know, I think Grant was the kind of man who never knew his true life's calling," she told CBS Chicago. "Unfortunately, now he never will get to find that." "If he had been given the chance to live, he would have continued to fill the world with good thoughts, good music, and intelligent conversation. We will all miss that without him here," she added. Nelson is pictured on the far left with members of his family. Photo / Facebook Mike Foley, a friend who worked with Nelson in the restaurant industry, said he would sometimes speak about the dangers of ride-sharing. "I remember him mentioning that he once had to stop and get gas in a really sketchy neighbourhood. He might not have really thought anything of it," Foley told ABC 7. Colleen Milner, another former coworker, said that Nelson was the last person who would be in a deadly confrontation. "It's pretty heartbreaking to hear that. That guy is super nice. One of the nicest guys you'll know. Quiet, shy, but he wouldn't do anything to anybody," Milner said. A service has been planned for Friday at Chicago's Jewish Funerals in Skokie. The family has asked that donations be made to the National Alliance on Mental Illness's Cook County North Suburban chapter and the nNti-Cruelty Society. It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. - Daily Mail Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Barbarians name side to take on Lions The New Zealand Provincial Barbarians will be the first Kiwi side to face the Lions. Hawke's Bay Today Forgotten soldier will now be remembered with fallen comrades No one has been near the grave for quite some time, obviously, but families forget. Bay of Plenty Times Te Puna roundabout work to continue Work will continue through winter on the State Highway 2 Te Puna roundabout project. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Honda Clarity Fuel Cell gets royal approval at Monaco GP Prince Albert drives the Honda Clarity Fuel Cell on the lap of honour... Viva Fun things to do this weekend Thanks for the long weekend Ma'am - here are some suggestions to keep you busy Bite Minestrone with parsley pesto Cut all vegetables to a similar size, easily manageable on a soup spoon. Once the minestrone… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 01 Jun 2017 18:29:18 Processing Time: 82ms
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to present at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference BENTONVILLE, Ark., May 31, 2017 – Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will participate in the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference on Wednesday, June 7. A fireside chat by Marc Lore, president and CEO Walmart U.S. eCommece will be webcast live through links at www.stock.walmart.com and will begin at approximately 1:25 p.m. EDT. A transcript will be available later in the week, and the materials will be archived on the company’s website. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Debut Solo Exhibition, ‘Time In-Between’ by Photographer Hilary Swift, Curated by DK Johnston, Launches at the Quin June 22 Next PostNext Rubrik Partners with Bioscience & Technology Business Center at the University of Kansas to Launch Rubrik Center for Excellence Search Recent Posts CA Technologies study identifies ways for 80 per cent of companies to develop and deliver better software faster Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Apple Reports Second Quarter Results Cheap Sam Hunt Tickets at DTE Energy Music Theatre in Detroit/Clarkston On Sale at TicketDown.com Tool Tickets DTE Energy Music Theatre in Detroit/Clarkston, MI at Cheap Prices from TicketDown.com Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to present at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference BENTONVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will participate in the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference on Wednesday, June 7. A fireside chat by Marc Lore, president and CEO Walmart U.S. eCommece will be webcast live through links at www.stock.walmart.com and will begin at approximately 1:25 p.m. EDT. A transcript will be available later in the week, and the materials will be archived on the company’s website. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rubrik Partners with Bioscience & Technology Business Center at the University of Kansas to Launch Rubrik Center for Excellence Next PostNext Apcera Chief Strategy and Chief Information Officer Mark Thiele to Speak at Datacloud Europe 2017 Search Recent Posts Terms of trade highest since 1973 Food Fads Confuse Kiwis Remaining TPP Members Must Not Miss The Bus On China Attorney General Announces Operation Broken Heart Ahead of Vote to Fund Cyber Crime Division Colonial Coal International Corp. Provides Corporate Update Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
NOWCAST Watch MyNBC 5 Live Newscasts Watch on Demand Live Now Coming up Soon Menu 0Alerts 59°Weather Search No Alerts & Closings in Your Area Sign Up to Get Future Alerts Search Homepage Local News Weather Radar Alerts Map Room National News Politics Matter of Fact Sports High School Sports ECHO ECHO cam Entertainment State of Addiction Marathon Burlington Jazz Festival Vuz The Valley CW Contests First With Kids Text Free Zone Smarter$ Champlain Connection ulocal Editorials News Team Contact Press enter to search Type to Search NEWS ARCHIVE Advertisement Walmart joins Vermont AG in push to reduce phone scams With Vt. phone scam complaints up sharply Attorney General Donovan enlists Walmart, CVS in campaign to protect victims.  |  Updated: 7:00 PM EDT May 31, 2017 Advertisement Advertisement   Share Copy Link Copy {copyShortcut} to copy Link copied! Stewart Ledbetter NBC5 Senior Reporter Walmart joins Vermont AG in push to reduce phone scams With Vt. phone scam complaints up sharply Attorney General Donovan enlists Walmart, CVS in campaign to protect victims.  |  Updated: 7:00 PM EDT May 31, 2017 Hide Transcript Show Transcript Walmart joins Vermont AG in push to reduce phone scams With Vt. phone scam complaints up sharply Attorney General Donovan enlists Walmart, CVS in campaign to protect victims.  |  Updated: 7:00 PM EDT May 31, 2017   Share Copy Link Copy {copyShortcut} to copy Link copied! Stewart Ledbetter NBC5 Senior Reporter WILLISTON, Vt. — Facing a sharp rise in consumer complaints over telephone scams, Vermont Attorney General T.J. Donovan says the best defense might be to start playing offense. Advertisement Donovan has enlisted help from Walmart and CVS Pharmacy to post new consumer warnings in all its Vermont stores. The signs urge Vermonters to be smart about sending money under duress to those who have telephoned them, no matter how convincing they might have seemed. Donovan said a new technology -- called spoofing -- allows scam artists to hack your 'caller ID' displaying a legitimate local company, such as your electric utility, to get you to answer the phone. Within seconds, you might face an aggressive demand for money. Felicia Charland was on duty at Holiday Inn Express in South Burlington in January when she answered a call she thought was from Green Mountain Power. At least that's what her caller ID suggested. "He said, 'you owe us money or we're shutting off your electric,'" Charland said. "I said, 'We don't owe any money.' He said 'you have half an hour to pay or we're shutting it off!'" Charland stood her ground, despite three calls from a man she describes as "very nasty." Instead, she reported the incident to GMP and to the Vermont Attorney General's consumer-assistance hotline -- 800-649-2424. "I knew something wasn't right. In my gut, I knew," she told NBC5. Donovan said that was exactly the right response and hopes others will do the same. He said virtually every Vermonter is potentially at risk from the utility ruse. His office reported 7,000 complaints last year about phone scams, a 25 percent increase over 2015. Now, Walmart and CVS are helping to get the word out about the severity of the problem. Walmart Director Jason Klipa says his customer service staffers are now trained to pay closer attention to customers interested in purchasing money orders and prepaid credit cards, to interact with customers to try to stop victims of a scam from losing their money. Because the moment the money is wired, it's gone, Donovan said. "Things (we'll) look for - people acting strange, looking for things on their phone or being in certain phone conversations," Klipa said. His employees "are authorized to say no to the transaction, or alert a store manager." The idea, Donovan said, is to get consumers to stop, ask more questions about the validity of any demand for payment, and confirm whether it really came from the company they assumed it was. Donovan said educating consumers is the best approach because arresting fraudsters operating in other states or foreign countries is nearly impossible. He said he was unaware of a single successful prosecution. Donovan was joined by representatives of Washington Electric Co-op, Green Mountain Power and Washington Electric Cooperative -- which all endorsed the public education campaign. WEBVTT DONOVAN LAUNCHED AN EFFORT TOFIGHT BACK.>> I KNEW SOMETHING WAS NOTRIGHT.IN MY GUT I KNEW.THE CALLER ID SAID IT WASGREEN MOUNTAIN POWER WERE.>> HE SAID YOU NEED TO PAY USNOW.I SAID WE DON'T ALL YOU MONEY.HE HANGS UP AND SAYS WE ARE ONOUR WAY NOW TO SHUT YOUR POWEROFF.THEY WERE VERY NASTY ON THEPHONE.>> WE ARE HERE TO RAISEAWARENESS ABOUT TELEPHONE SCAMS.>> NOW N TECHNOLOGY CAN HIJACKYOUR CALLER ID SO YOU MIGHTTHINK THAT THE CALL IS REAL.>> THESE CASES ARE TOUGH TOPROSECUTE.MANY ARE OUTSIDE OF THE STATE.THEY ARE GOING TO BE TOUGH TOARREST.>> PROSECUTORS CAN PARTNER WITHCOMPANIES LIKE WALMART AND CVS.WALMART IS TRAINING CUSTOMERSERVICE DESK EMPLOYEES WHO SELLMONEY ORDERS AND PREPAID CREDITCARDS TO WATCH FOR VICTIMSBEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.>> IT IS AN OBVIOUS THING THEYSHOULD BE TRAINED FOR.PEOPLE ACTING STRANGE.LOOKING THROUGH THINGS ON THEIRPHONE.BASICALLY, SEE SOMETHING, SAYSOMETHING.>> THE ATTORNEY GENERAL ASKINGOTHER BUSINESSES TO JOIN THEEFFORT.7000 FILED COMPLAINTS WITH HISOFFICE ABOUT TELEPHONE SCAMSLAST YEAR.25% FROM THE YEAR BEFORE.SHOWING THE NEED FOR CONSUMERSTO STO, ASK QUESTIONS,CONFIRMED THE YOU ARE REALLYDEALING WITH, OR SIMPLY HANG UP.>> VERMONT ERRORS ARE GETTINGRIPPED OFF.>> VERMONT UTILITY SAY THEYNEVE CALL YOU DEMANDING Loading more articles... WPTZ Burlington Contact Us News Team Apps & Social Email Alerts Careers Internships Advertise RSS EEO Reports Captioning Contacts WPTZ Public Inspection File WNNE Public Inspection File Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017, Hearst Television Inc. on behalf of WPTZ-TV. Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Site Map
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to present at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference May 31, 2017 06:15 PM Eastern Daylight Time BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will participate in the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference on Wednesday, June 7. A fireside chat by Marc Lore, president and CEO Walmart U.S. eCommece will be webcast live through links at www.stock.walmart.com and will begin at approximately 1:25 p.m. EDT. A transcript will be available later in the week, and the materials will be archived on the company’s website. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 or Investor Relations Contact Steve Schmitt, 479-258-7172 Release Summary Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to present at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 or Investor Relations Contact Steve Schmitt, 479-258-7172 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air CRIME 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death Published May 31, 2017 Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Print The logo of Uber is seen on an iPad, during a news conference to announce Uber resumes ride-hailing service, in Taipei, Taiwan April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu - RTX35CNO LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. –  A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. TRAIN STABBING SURVIVOR: PORTLAND HAS 'WHITE SAVIOR COMPLEX'  Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehiclewith blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. POLICE: NEW CHARGES BROUGHT IN CASE OF IOWA TEEN'S DEATH According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Advertisement Trending in US Man who threw his baby off bridge gets 70 years in prison Noose found inside Smithsonian's African-American history museum Man released from prison to learn if he'll face 2nd trial Pulse nightclub massacre: Orlando police release bodycam footage of attack 22 nations allow same-sex marriage Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, June 01, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / 16-year-old girl accused of stealing weapons from Wal-Mart, hacking Uber driver to death By The Associated Press This article was published May 31, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. Comments (2) aAFont Size LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. — A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Wal-Mart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bail. The two-page description offers no reason for the attack but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Wal-Mart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found Wasni nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply, an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Wal-Mart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News 1 killed when car veers off Little Rock bridg... Little Rock TV anchors at KARK, KLRT leaving ... Police: Trail of cookies leads officers to sc... UPDATED CRIME MAP: 8 auto thefts, 7 burglarie... 16-year-old girl accused of stealing weapons ... Trial opens for man accused of abusing girl h... $1,200 taken in burglary at Little Rock Wings... Eighth-grader from Arkansas eliminated at ann... Man found dead in rural area of central Arkan... More Latest News stories > Comments on: 16-year-old girl accused of stealing weapons from Wal-Mart, hacking Uber driver to death To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 2 of 2 total comments Tigermule says... May 31, 2017 at 5:25 p.m. Too bad here is no death penalty in Illinois ( permalink | suggest removal ) snakebite60 says... May 31, 2017 at 7:29 p.m. She will lead a very long lonely life in prison. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Warrant issued for former Arkansas TV host after child sexually abused, court documents show (12 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: An uncivil war (21 comments) CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over severed head video (30 comments) Police: Trail of cookies leads officers to scene of burglary in Little Rock (3 comments) Police: Carjacker pulls gun, takes SUV from Little Rock man who was washing vehicle (5 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: I shot an arrow into the air (44 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Skip Nav Beauty Summer Box is Here Shop Must Have! UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Did you know we have a UK site? Did you know we have a Australia site? Did you know we have a France site? Did you know we have a Deutschland site? Did you know we have a Middle East site? Did you know we have a الشرق الأوسط site? x I Tried That Viral Black Peel-Off Mask So You Definitely Don't Have To Makeup These Are the 8 Hottest Mascara Launches of 2017 So Far Beauty News Here's How to Get Your Hands on Brand New Products at Sephora Before Everyone Else Beauty News This Drag Artist's Look Is So Unique, It Makes Us Redefine Gender Entirely 5/31/17 5/31/17 POPSUGAR Beauty Skin Care Shills Purifying Black Face Mask Review I Tried That Viral Black Peel-Off Mask So You Definitely Don't Have To May 31, 2017 by Victoria Messina 212 Shares Chat with us on Facebook Messenger. Learn what's trending across POPSUGAR. If you've been on social media anytime in the past few months, chances are you've come across a monsoon-like flood of Instagram advertisements and YouTube reviews for the Shills Black Peel-Off Face Mask. The product has earned viral fame and developed a cult-like following of beauty mavens who praise its ability to banish blackheads with just one use. This skin-purifying mask promises to unclog pores of their impurities, leaving your face feeling smooth, exfoliated, and, most importantly, blackhead-free. Sounds pretty glorious, right? As soon as I stumbled upon an ad about the Shills mask, so many questions came to mind: Does it actually work? How long does it take to show results? And on a scale of 1-10, how bad will it hurt? So I scoured YouTube to see what vloggers had to say about it, and it turned out the reviews were pretty evenly divided. Some admitted it was extremely painful and even caused a little inflammation, while others raved of its pore-cleansing effects and even featured up-close footage of their blackheads getting stripped of dirt and grime as the mask got ripped off. Related This Sailor Moon Sheet Mask Smells Just Like Tuxedo Mask's Roses It's those zoomed-in shots of the pore-stripping action that really drew me in. I'm not gonna lie: it's those zoomed-in shots of the pore-stripping action that really drew me in. There's something so oddly satisfying about watching it, kind of like seeing Dr. Pimple Popper's blackhead-blasting adventures. (I know, I know; I'm weird.) My curiosity eventually got the best of me, so I decided to take one for the team and try the mask myself (naturally documenting my journey with a plethora of obnoxious selfies and Boomerangs, of course). I have to preface things by honestly admitting I've been blessed with pretty decent skin. It's by no means a blackhead haven, but I do have tons of pesky clogged pores mostly concentrated around my nose that I've been itching to get rid of (and that I usually resort to squeezing out with my fingertips, despite my mom's best efforts to advise against doing so). Before you sacrifice your precious pores and hop on the bandwagon, read on for the 11 tips and tidbits you need to know about the infamous Shills mask. 1. There appear to be two different Shills products on the market that people are mixing up Shills isn't exactly a drugstore mainstay, so many of the brand's products are sold on Amazon. I ended up purchasing mine through a semisketchy website (see tip No. 2 for more details on that) and soon realized there are two different black peel-off masks that people are interchanging. The two versions are the Purifying Peel-Off Mask and the Acne Purifying Peel-Off Black Mask. The first claims to "increase vitality" and is used by many beauty vloggers who have reviewed it on YouTube. The second claims to "increase complexion" and is sold at Walmart and on the official Shills website. I chose the Purifying Peel-Off Mask, because it's the first one I came across on social media. The difference in how well each of these products removes blackheads is a tad unclear, but it's definitely something to keep in mind if you're planning to purchase one. 2. If you're impatient like me, don't buy it through an Instagram ad Being the millennial consumer I am, I simply couldn't resist clicking on an ad for the product on Instagram (especially when I saw the word "free" involved in the promotion). That ad took me to a website, which was offering the product for free (plus shipping costs). I paid $13 for it at the time — though the price appears to fluctuate daily because of the high demand. Purchasing it through a random website I'd never heard of was a rookie mistake on my end, because I had to wait three weeks for it to arrive, and when it did arrive, the packaging was pretty beat up. I suggest buying it from Walmart or Amazon, both of which offer quicker shipping times, if you're dying to try it ASAP. Channeling some hopeful vibes before applying my face mask. 3. Apply the mask using a brush, not your fingertips Whereas some gals on YouTube excitedly slathered on the goopy liquid with their fingers, others opted for using a makeup brush to do so. This resulted in much cleaner, accurate coverage. I went for a basic foundation brush from the local drugstore and found that I was able to properly cover my face. It also helped me get in those hard-to-reach spots (like between my eyebrows, near my nostrils, and by my hairline). A soft, semitapered foundation brush is definitely the way to go, rather than a large powder brush. Another upside of using a brush to apply the Shills mask? I didn't have to deal with furiously scrubbing my fingers to get any of the black color off afterward because the brush took the fall instead. I simply dabbed on some dish soap, rubbed it on my silicone brush cleaner, and voila! My brush was good as new again. Related If You Experience Hormonal Breakouts, You'll Thank God For This Mask 4. On that note, apply it very carefully — yet quickly I'm admittedly a tad of a perfectionist, so I wanted to apply my mask evenly to allow for the best selfies possible (yes, I know that was painfully millennial of me to say). But I realized that the liquid starts to dry pretty quickly, so you have to move fast when slathering it on. That doesn't mean sloppiness is welcomed, as getting that full coverage is what you should be going for. Just make sure you get yourself in ninja-mask-applying mode beforehand. 5. If you do mess something up, I've got the perfect solution A few times during application, I accidentally veered my brush too closely to my eyebrows and hairline (both of which should 100 percent be avoided). In a moment of panic, I glanced over at the Q-tips in my bathroom and the imaginary light bulb illuminated above my head. A damp cotton swab was the ideal tiny tool for easily wiping away excess mask goop before it was too late. Note: this is a helpful hack you can use with any face mask, not just the Shills one! 6. The mask goes on thick — like, super thick I was honestly a bit surprised at just how thick the liquid mask is when I first applied it to my face. I assumed I'd need to smear on a few layers, but all I needed was one coat of it, and I was good to go. Now you know! 7. Set aside nearly 30 minutes for it to dry The packaging advised leaving the mask for 20-30 minutes before getting down to peeling business. I set a timer for 25 minutes and found that to be the perfect sweet spot. By then, the mask was evenly hardened all around, whereas if I had started peeling away around the 20-minute mark, a few patches where I applied it in a slightly thicker coating wouldn't have been ready. 25 minutes to kill = excessively lame Boomerang selfies. 8. Take a deep breath before peeling — and prepare for some pain I suggest treating it like a bandage — just rip it as quickly as possible to get it over with. One of the major caveats for this mask is just how painful it is to remove. Although I think this aspect has been a tad overhyped all over the internet, I can confirm that it hurt pretty freakin' bad. On a scale of 1-10 (10 being the worst), I'd give it a solid 8. By far the most painful area for removing the mask was near my eyes. I'll just go ahead and admit that unintentional tears may or may not have rolled down my face while ripping it off my skin. I suggest treating it like a bandage in that area — just pull it as quickly (and carefully!) as possible to get it over with. 9. It didn't actually remove any of my blackheads Lots of happy customers have walked away from their black mask experience with clean, unclogged pores, so I hoped for those results going into it. But I was pretty darn disappointed when I peered at my reflection only to see the same little dots all around my T-zone. (Maybe I should've played "Mask Off" while peeling it to summon Future's magical powers for good measure? Hah, kidding.) The mask did, however, have an unexpected result: it ripped away some of my "peach fuzz" and a few hairs from my upper lip, which you can slightly see in the photo below. So it was basically like a two-in-one facial wax . . . that I didn't exactly ask for. Many of the tiny white dots on the mask were itty-bitty peach-fuzz hairs. 10. If you have sensitive skin, you may want to avoid this one Like I said before, I prepped for the big day by binge-watching YouTube reviews of the Shills mask. One of the videos featured two fair-skinned gals whose faces were beet red in the aftermath. Personally, my face (mainly my cheeks) was red for about two hours after I removed it, and my skin felt all tingly for about 30 minutes after peeling it off. I'm no skin expert, but if yours is notably sensitive or prone to inflammation and flare-ups, I think it's probably best to skip out on the Shills hype. Something a little more mild may be more your style. Me and my rosy cheeks. 11. A few postmask tips you need to know All in all, the mask came off my face pretty seamlessly, mostly in two large pieces. There were a few remaining pieces stuck on near my hairline, which I suggest removing with a damp washcloth. The product's packaging advises following up your peel-off session with some toner to "tighten and cleanse the pores." Although my pores weren't exactly empty caverns by the end of it, I still applied toner for good measure, and it really soothed my slightly aching skin. My final thoughts Although I'm glad I finally quenched my undying curiosity over this mask once and for all, it definitely wasn't as effective as I had hoped it would be. At the end of the day, I wouldn't recommend succumbing to the hype — unless you're looking for a quick way to get rid of peach fuzz sans a razor, that is. Onward to my next face mask adventure! Image Source: POPSUGAR Photography / Victoria Messina Join the conversation Share this post Beauty Product ReviewBeauty ShoppingFace MaskBeauty ProductsSkin Care Around The Web What’s Your Reaction? Thanks for your reaction Don’t forget to share this with your friends! 0Reactions Join The Conversation Stay Stylish With Our Fashion and Beauty Newsletter You're subscribed! Sign Up For Our Newsletter Select topics that interest you Celebrity Style Beauty Tips Street Style Fashion and Beauty News Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Related Posts Humor 11 Reasons Pizza Is Your True BFF by Macy Cate Williams 1 day ago Pregnancy Maybe It's Him and Not Your Biological Clock by Annie Gabillet 57 minutes ago Politics People Want Mark Zuckerberg to Run For President, So There's a Super PAC to Make It Happen by Ann-Marie Alcántara 19 hours ago Nostalgia Nostalgia Alert! 18 Telenovelas You Definitely Watched If You Grew Up in the '90s by Celia Fernandez 2 days ago Healthy Eating Tips Golden Milk: The Antidepressant, Debloating Wonder Drink by Dominique Astorino 2 hours ago Celebrity Kids If You Thought Daddy Yankee Was Cool, Just Wait Till You See His Family by Monica Sisavat 10 hours ago Beauty Tips The Latest Sheet Masks Come in Fruit Slices — and Will Make Your Selfies Look Sweet! by Sarah Siegel 2 days ago Makeup These Are the 8 Hottest Mascara Launches of 2017 So Far by Kristin Granero 8 hours ago Giada De Laurentiis 33 of Giada De Laurentiis's Cutest Moments With Her Daughter, Jade by Alessia Santoro 18 hours ago Summer 25 Summer Date Night Ideas by Nicole Yi 1 day ago Summer 13 Buys That Celebrate Your Favorite Snack: Elote by Celia Fernandez 1 day ago Women 87 Books by Women You Should Read Before You Die by Hilary White 2 hours ago From Our Partners Latest Beauty Get Your Daily Beauty Fix Celebrity Style Beauty Tips Street Style Fashion and Beauty News Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Pinterest Follow Add us on Snapchat × Being stylish just got easier Personalize The hottest trends, beauty tips, and shopping picks delivered daily. Celebrity Style Beauty Tips Street Style Fashion and Beauty News Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × POPSUGAR We’re Hiring! Write For Us About Us Terms Privacy Policy Contact More POPSUGAR: Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights POPSUGAR International: UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Sign Up For Our Award Winning Email: Being stylish just got easier Personalize The hottest trends, beauty tips, and shopping picks delivered daily. Celebrity Style Beauty Tips Street Style Fashion and Beauty News Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Get POPSUGAR On The Go: Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Follow Us ©2017 POPSUGAR Inc. × Celebrity Celebrity News Entertainment News Movies Television Celebrity Couples Celebrities Fashion Fashion News Shopping Street Style Pack For A Stylish Getaway Summer Fashion Hers & Mine Fitness Workouts Healthy Living Weight Loss Fitness Video Power Your Happy POPSUGAR GLOW Beauty Makeup Hair Nails Beauty Video Beauty Trend Finder Love Relationships Sex Women Nostalgia Books Power Your Happy Moms Parenting Pregnancy Babies Toddlers Ultimate Mom's Guide LilSugar Awards Food and Fun Living Home Tech Smart Living Career Pets Power Your Happy Power Your Happy Q&A Travel Travel Inspiration Travel Tips Travel Style Budget Travel Summer Travel Food Recipes Cooking Basics Party Planning Food News Spirited Cocktail Recipes Food Video Latina Recipes Family Life Celebrity Fashion Beauty Fitness News Power Your Happy Video Entertainment Fashion Beauty Fitness Food Tech Home SHOP Fashion Beauty Fitness Food Pop Culture Living Mom & Kids Gifts Tech Smart Living Login / Register We're Hiring! Write For Us About Us Advertising Contact FAQ Archives Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights Terms Privacy Policy ©2017 PopSugar • POPSUGAR Style × Being stylish just got easier Personalize The hottest trends, beauty tips, and shopping picks delivered daily. Celebrity Style Beauty Tips Street Style Fashion and Beauty News Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. All the Latest From Ryan Reynolds
null
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Man smashes 8 TVs in Walmart with a bat Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 9:40 AM May 31, 2017 at 3:53 PM Ryan Pfeil Mail Tribune @RyanPfeil A man allegedly walked into the south Medford Walmart Tuesday afternoon, grabbed a baseball bat from the store's sporting goods section and used it to whale on several flat-screen televisions. Bruce Garrett Warren, 36, no known address, caused about $5,500 in damages during the 3 p.m. outburst in the store's electronics section but did not menace any customers before walking out of the store and pedaling around the store's parking lot on a bicycle, Medford police Lt. Kerry Curtis said. "One of the witnesses watched him ride around the parking lot and then return to the front of the store," Curtis said. "It didn’t appear he was trying to flee." Police arrived just about the same time Warren returned to the store's entrance, Curtis said. He was arrested on first-degree criminal mischief charges without incident, remaining mum about his reasons for destroying the electronics. "When the officers did try to talk to him he declined to comment," Curtis said, adding Warren provided arresting officers with a Michigan identification. The eight televisions he destroyed included brands such as Samsung, Vizio and LG, Curtis said. Warren was no longer listed Wednesday morning in the Jackson County Jail, according to jail records. He does not appear to have a criminal history in Oregon, court records show. — Reach reporter Ryan Pfeil at 541-776-4468 or rpfeil@mailtribune.com. Follow him at www.twitter.com/ryanpfeil. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive UPDATE: One dead, one injured in officer-involved shooting outside Hesperia Walmart Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 9:51 AM May 31, 2017 at 8:11 PM Staff Reports HESPERIA — One man was killed and another wounded in an officer-involved shooting in the parking lot of the Hesperia Walmart Supercenter on Wednesday morning, authorities said. Officers assigned to the San Bernardino County Auto Theft Task Force (SANCATT) were involved in the incident, which occurred as the team attempted to stop three men from reportedly stealing a vehicle. The shooting occurred after an officer was nearly struck by the suspects’ vehicle, San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department spokeswoman Cindy Bachman said. Both officers were conducting a separate stolen vehicle investigation in the parking lot of the Walmart, at 13401 Main Street, at approximately 8 a.m. Wednesday when they first noticed the suspects. As the officers approached the men’s vehicle, Bachman said they used their unmarked vehicles to block in the suspects and prevent them from driving away. “The suspect driver accelerated, nearly striking one of the officers, and an officer-involved shooting occurred,” Bachman said. The vehicle continued accelerating until it crashed into one of the unmarked vehicles. The driver and passenger were wounded during the shooting, according to Bachman. The passenger in the back seat was uninjured. "The driver was transported to Desert Valley Medical Center where he was pronounced dead," Bachman said. "The passenger who was wounded was transported to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center and is expected to survive." The third suspect was detained and taken to the Hesperia Sheriff's Station for an interview, according to Bachman. The identities of the suspects weren’t available late Wednesday. The vehicle the suspects were driving was reported stolen early Wednesday morning from a home in Victorville, Bachman said. According to a tweet from the San Bernardino County Fire Department, emergency personnel were on scene for reported gunshot wounds at approximately 8:20 a.m. Two medical helicopters were requested, according to the tweet, although weather may have forced one to turn back, per scanner traffic. Hesperia resident Chiana Hunter, 34, told the Daily Press she was heading into the store to return something with her kids when she heard gunshots. Hunter said she turned around and saw a man in a Honda and what appeared to be an undercover officer exchange gunfire near the west side of the parking lot. Neither of the SANCATT officers — members of the California Highway Patrol and Fontana Police Department — were injured during the incident, Bachman said. It’s unclear if an exchange of gunfire between the suspects and the officers actually occurred as officials remained tight-lipped on further details. No other injuries were reported. Authorities taped off a section of the Walmart parking lot for the investigation, which is ongoing. Walmart remained open for business throughout the day, with sheriff's officials periodically redirecting customers away from the closed-off section. An official on scene told the Daily Press the investigation could continue until Thursday afternoon. This is the second officer-involved shooting in as many days and the second shooting in a parking lot of a major retailer in the High Desert this week. Dearld Edward Wicker, 41, of Apple Valley, allegedly shot a man in the head during an argument Monday evening in the parking lot of the Super Target in Apple Valley. Wicker fled the scene in a black Ford Bronco, but was located by sheriff's deputies in the 25000 block of Flathead Road Tuesday evening and was shot and wounded by a deputy. Wicker was transported to a trauma center with gunshot wounds. His status is unknown at this time. Further details on Wednesday’s shooting weren’t available late Wednesday. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive UPDATE: One dead, one injured in officer-involved shooting outside Hesperia Walmart Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 9:51 AM May 31, 2017 at 8:11 PM Staff Reports HESPERIA — One man was killed and another wounded in an officer-involved shooting in the parking lot of the Hesperia Walmart Supercenter on Wednesday morning, authorities said. Officers assigned to the San Bernardino County Auto Theft Task Force (SANCATT) were involved in the incident, which occurred as the team attempted to stop three men from reportedly stealing a vehicle. The shooting occurred after an officer was nearly struck by the suspects’ vehicle, San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department spokeswoman Cindy Bachman said. Both officers were conducting a separate stolen vehicle investigation in the parking lot of the Walmart, at 13401 Main Street, at approximately 8 a.m. Wednesday when they first noticed the suspects. As the officers approached the men’s vehicle, Bachman said they used their unmarked vehicles to block in the suspects and prevent them from driving away. “The suspect driver accelerated, nearly striking one of the officers, and an officer-involved shooting occurred,” Bachman said. The vehicle continued accelerating until it crashed into one of the unmarked vehicles. The driver and passenger were wounded during the shooting, according to Bachman. The passenger in the back seat was uninjured. "The driver was transported to Desert Valley Medical Center where he was pronounced dead," Bachman said. "The passenger who was wounded was transported to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center and is expected to survive." The third suspect was detained and taken to the Hesperia Sheriff's Station for an interview, according to Bachman. The identities of the suspects weren’t available late Wednesday. The vehicle the suspects were driving was reported stolen early Wednesday morning from a home in Victorville, Bachman said. According to a tweet from the San Bernardino County Fire Department, emergency personnel were on scene for reported gunshot wounds at approximately 8:20 a.m. Two medical helicopters were requested, according to the tweet, although weather may have forced one to turn back, per scanner traffic. Hesperia resident Chiana Hunter, 34, told the Daily Press she was heading into the store to return something with her kids when she heard gunshots. Hunter said she turned around and saw a man in a Honda and what appeared to be an undercover officer exchange gunfire near the west side of the parking lot. Neither of the SANCATT officers — members of the California Highway Patrol and Fontana Police Department — were injured during the incident, Bachman said. It’s unclear if an exchange of gunfire between the suspects and the officers actually occurred as officials remained tight-lipped on further details. No other injuries were reported. Authorities taped off a section of the Walmart parking lot for the investigation, which is ongoing. Walmart remained open for business throughout the day, with sheriff's officials periodically redirecting customers away from the closed-off section. An official on scene told the Daily Press the investigation could continue until Thursday afternoon. This is the second officer-involved shooting in as many days and the second shooting in a parking lot of a major retailer in the High Desert this week. Dearld Edward Wicker, 41, of Apple Valley, allegedly shot a man in the head during an argument Monday evening in the parking lot of the Super Target in Apple Valley. Wicker fled the scene in a black Ford Bronco, but was located by sheriff's deputies in the 25000 block of Flathead Road Tuesday evening and was shot and wounded by a deputy. Wicker was transported to a trauma center with gunshot wounds. His status is unknown at this time. Further details on Wednesday’s shooting weren’t available late Wednesday. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
LOW RATES & FEES Low Rates Balance Transfers 0% APR Low Interest No Fees No Annual Fee No Foreign Transaction Fee Tools Get your free Credit Score Airlines or Low Interest Calculator Cash Back or Low Interest Calculator Payoff Calculator TRAVEL & REWARDS Cards for Travel Travel & Airlines Hotels No Foreign Transaction Fee Earn Rewards Rewards Cash Back Points Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Tools Max Rewards with WalletUp® Better offers with CardMatch™ Pay with the Right Card with Wallet TOP OFFERS Quick Links Better Offers with CardMatch™ Top Offers for June 2017 Limited Time Offers Best Rated Cards from our Experts Best Balance Transfer Cards Best Low Interest Cards Best Cash Back Cards Best Business Cards   Best Travel Cards Best Airline Cards Best Hotel Cards Best Student Cards CREDIT QUALITY Credit Type Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit Limited or No Credit History Other Options Prepaid & Debit Cards Secured Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Personal Loans Tools Get your free Credit Score Offers Matched to your Credit Your Credit Score & Report on the Go CARD TYPE Search for Business Offers Business Credit Cards Business Loans Business Checking & Savings Search by Network or Bank MasterCard Visa American Express Discover Wells Fargo   Bank of America Capital One Citi Chase Barclaycard NEWS & ADVICE News Articles Latest News News Archive Basics & Help Credit Card Reviews Additional Resources Taking Charge™ Blog Glossary of Credit Card Terms PrivacyWise™ Connect with us Subscribe: RSS News Feeds Subscribe: email Newsletter FREE INTERACTIVE TOOLS Tools Offers Matched for You WalletUp® Card Finder Get your free Credit Score Mobile Apps Calculators Card Offers Top Offers Best Credit Cards Credit Card Comparison Tools Guides PrivacyWise™ Credit Card Terms Glossary Sign In Sign Up ADVERTISEMENT Credit Cards Credit Card News Rate survey: Average card APR jumps to record high of 15.82 percent - Editorial Policy Rate survey: Average card APR jumps to record high of 15.82 percent By Kelly Dilworth  |  Published: May 31, 2017 The national average APR for new card offers broke another record this week, rising to an all-time high of 15.82 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. This is the highest average APR CreditCards.com has recorded since it began tracking rates in mid-2007. Bank of America helped kick off this week’s rate change with a 1-point rate increase on two of its basic, lower-rate cards. The BankAmericard and the BankAmericard for Students now charge a minimum APR of 12.74 percent and a maximum APR of 22.74 percent. Bank of America also modified the cards’ promotional terms. For example, it clipped the balance transfer periods on the two BankAmericards from 18 months to 15 months and added a 15-month interest-free promotion on purchases. Walmart also increased the APR on the Walmart Mastercard by a quarter of a percent this week, causing its minimum APR to rise to 17.65 percent. In addition, CreditCards.com swapped out two cards that are no longer promoted online with rewards cards that charge somewhat higher APRs.  Credit cards overtake debit cards as the most popular way to pay with plastic Debit cards are still one of the most popular ways to pay with plastic. But according to a new report from Nilson, credit cards are quickly closing in and beating debit cards in overall popularity. As card issuers sweeten rewards programs – many of which offer substantial amounts of cash back in exchange for everyday purchases, such as gas and groceries – consumers are increasingly turning to credit to pay for everyday expenses. According to a Nilson report released this month, more than half of all purchases in 2016 that used some type of plastic payment card – 53.64 percent – were made on a credit card. In 2015, by contrast, just 45.84 percent of card purchases used credit. The percentage of cardholders using credit instead of a debit card or prepaid card has increased every year since 2012, thanks in part to consumers’ increasing preference for using rewards cards. “Consumers are choosing credit cards over debit cards to gain rewards from banks and other issuers,” said Nilson’s David Robertson in a news release. Debit cards used to regularly offer rewards programs that competed with credit card rewards. But since federal rules enacted in 2011 limit debit card swipe fees, debit card reward programs have become increasingly scarce. Rewards-based credit cards, meanwhile, have surged in popularity. According to research released this month by the financial services firm Credit Suisse, 72 percent of the offers issuers mailed to consumer homes advertised some kind of rewards offer. As consumers use credit cards more heavily, they’ve also become more likely to carry a balance. According to research released in April by the American Bankers Association, the percentage of cardholders who revolve their balances from month-to-month rose by nearly half a percentage point in late 2016 to 43.7 percent of all bank-issued accounts. Meanwhile, the percentage of cardholders who pay off every balance dropped to 29.1 percent of all accounts. CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report   Avg. APR Last week 6 months ago National average 15.82% 15.77% 15.18% Low interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Cash back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Balance transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward  15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Instant approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Methodology: The national average credit card APR is comprised of 100 of the most popular credit cards in the country, including cards from dozens of leading U.S. issuers and representing every card category listed above. (Introductory, or teaser, rates are not included in the calculation.) Source: CreditCards.com Updated: May 31, 2017 See related: N.Y. Fed: Household debt passes pre-recession peak, Credit card issuer complaints rose 20 percent in 2016 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Join the discussion We encourage an active and insightful conversation among our users. Please help us keep our community civil and respectful. For your safety, do not disclose confidential or personal information such as bank account numbers or social security numbers. Anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. If you are commenting using a Facebook account, your profile information may be displayed with your comment depending on your privacy settings. By leaving the 'Post to Facebook' box selected, your comment will be published to your Facebook profile in addition to the space below. The editorial content on CreditCards.com is not sponsored by any bank or credit card issuer. The journalists in the editorial department are separate from the company's business operations. The comments posted below are not provided, reviewed or approved by any company mentioned in our editorial content. Additionally, any companies mentioned in the content do not assume responsibility to ensure that all posts and/or questions are answered. CreditCards.com's Newsletter Did you like this story? Then sign up for CreditCards.com’s weekly e-newsletter for the latest news, advice, articles and tips. It's FREE. Once a week you will receive the top credit card industry news in your inbox. Sign up now! SUBSCRIBE Editorial Policy Credit Card Rate Report Updated: 06-01-2017 ADVERTISEMENT Comments/Questions? Corrections Policy Weekly newsletter Get the latest news, advice, articles and tips delivered to your inbox. It's FREE. SUBSCRIBE Quick Links Product News: Deals and new offers Credit Card Help Credit Card Glossary Credit Card Statistics Charged Up! Podcast ADVERTISEMENT Home Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Home Site Security Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Site Map FAQs About Us Overview Leadership Team Media Center Careers Contact Us Customer Support Partnership Opportunities Business Development Media Relations Related Sites Credit Card Blogs WalletUp® CardMatch™ International Sites Tarjetas de Credito UK Credit Cards Canadian Credit Cards Copyright 2017 CreditCards.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Stay connected with CreditCards.com CARDMATCH™ is a free, secure service that will not affect your credit score. Simply provide your basic information, and view offers that match your credit profile within seconds.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive UPDATE: One dead, one injured in officer-involved shooting outside Hesperia Walmart Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 9:51 AM May 31, 2017 at 8:11 PM Staff Reports HESPERIA — One man was killed and another wounded in an officer-involved shooting in the parking lot of the Hesperia Walmart Supercenter on Wednesday morning, authorities said. Officers assigned to the San Bernardino County Auto Theft Task Force (SANCATT) were involved in the incident, which occurred as the team attempted to stop three men from reportedly stealing a vehicle. The shooting occurred after an officer was nearly struck by the suspects’ vehicle, San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department spokeswoman Cindy Bachman said. Both officers were conducting a separate stolen vehicle investigation in the parking lot of the Walmart, at 13401 Main Street, at approximately 8 a.m. Wednesday when they first noticed the suspects. As the officers approached the men’s vehicle, Bachman said they used their unmarked vehicles to block in the suspects and prevent them from driving away. “The suspect driver accelerated, nearly striking one of the officers, and an officer-involved shooting occurred,” Bachman said. The vehicle continued accelerating until it crashed into one of the unmarked vehicles. The driver and passenger were wounded during the shooting, according to Bachman. The passenger in the back seat was uninjured. "The driver was transported to Desert Valley Medical Center where he was pronounced dead," Bachman said. "The passenger who was wounded was transported to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center and is expected to survive." The third suspect was detained and taken to the Hesperia Sheriff's Station for an interview, according to Bachman. The identities of the suspects weren’t available late Wednesday. The vehicle the suspects were driving was reported stolen early Wednesday morning from a home in Victorville, Bachman said. According to a tweet from the San Bernardino County Fire Department, emergency personnel were on scene for reported gunshot wounds at approximately 8:20 a.m. Two medical helicopters were requested, according to the tweet, although weather may have forced one to turn back, per scanner traffic. Hesperia resident Chiana Hunter, 34, told the Daily Press she was heading into the store to return something with her kids when she heard gunshots. Hunter said she turned around and saw a man in a Honda and what appeared to be an undercover officer exchange gunfire near the west side of the parking lot. Neither of the SANCATT officers — members of the California Highway Patrol and Fontana Police Department — were injured during the incident, Bachman said. It’s unclear if an exchange of gunfire between the suspects and the officers actually occurred as officials remained tight-lipped on further details. No other injuries were reported. Authorities taped off a section of the Walmart parking lot for the investigation, which is ongoing. Walmart remained open for business throughout the day, with sheriff's officials periodically redirecting customers away from the closed-off section. An official on scene told the Daily Press the investigation could continue until Thursday afternoon. This is the second officer-involved shooting in as many days and the second shooting in a parking lot of a major retailer in the High Desert this week. Dearld Edward Wicker, 41, of Apple Valley, allegedly shot a man in the head during an argument Monday evening in the parking lot of the Super Target in Apple Valley. Wicker fled the scene in a black Ford Bronco, but was located by sheriff's deputies in the 25000 block of Flathead Road Tuesday evening and was shot and wounded by a deputy. Wicker was transported to a trauma center with gunshot wounds. His status is unknown at this time. Further details on Wednesday’s shooting weren’t available late Wednesday. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Man smashes 8 TVs in Walmart with a bat Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 9:40 AM May 31, 2017 at 3:53 PM Ryan Pfeil Mail Tribune @RyanPfeil A man allegedly walked into the south Medford Walmart Tuesday afternoon, grabbed a baseball bat from the store's sporting goods section and used it to whale on several flat-screen televisions. Bruce Garrett Warren, 36, no known address, caused about $5,500 in damages during the 3 p.m. outburst in the store's electronics section but did not menace any customers before walking out of the store and pedaling around the store's parking lot on a bicycle, Medford police Lt. Kerry Curtis said. "One of the witnesses watched him ride around the parking lot and then return to the front of the store," Curtis said. "It didn’t appear he was trying to flee." Police arrived just about the same time Warren returned to the store's entrance, Curtis said. He was arrested on first-degree criminal mischief charges without incident, remaining mum about his reasons for destroying the electronics. "When the officers did try to talk to him he declined to comment," Curtis said, adding Warren provided arresting officers with a Michigan identification. The eight televisions he destroyed included brands such as Samsung, Vizio and LG, Curtis said. Warren was no longer listed Wednesday morning in the Jackson County Jail, according to jail records. He does not appear to have a criminal history in Oregon, court records show. — Reach reporter Ryan Pfeil at 541-776-4468 or rpfeil@mailtribune.com. Follow him at www.twitter.com/ryanpfeil. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
    The Newspaper of Trucking and Freight Transportation Welcome  Guest  Log In          Home News & Analysis Special Coverage Top Stories Latest News Government News iTECH E&MU TT Archives Fuel Prices Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in the United States and Canada, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. Top 100 Private Beverage and food service fleets dominate the top spots in this comprehensive rundown of private carriers in the United States and Canada, ranked by number of tractors. Top 50 Global Freight Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight carriers. Top 50 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 50 Logistics Resources Special Reports TT Education Directory ATA Home ATA Business Solutions State Trucking Associations US Government Sites State Government Sites Interact Submit Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit a Press Release Tell Us How We're Doing Contact Us Classified Jobs Equipment Directories Marketplace Place an Ad Multimedia Crossword Puzzle LiveOnWeb Webinars Sponsor a Webinar Videos Events Subscribe 5/31/2017 12:00:00 PM Write a Letter to the Editor Oceans of Cargo Fueling Growth in Atlanta Tweet  Print This   Georgia Ports Authority/Stephen B. Morton If you live near Atlanta or other parts of the Southeast, chances are the shoes you bought from Amazon, the chandelier from Home Depot or the shower curtain from Wal-mart probably spent at least some of its life at a metro distribution center. Whether by click of a mouse or swipe of a credit card inside a store, consumer spending continues to propel growth in the region’s warehousing industry. According to real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield, businesses in the Atlanta area leased nearly 6.4 million square feet of industrial space in the first three months of this year, a record for space “absorption.” Another 15.5 million square feet is under construction, and the vacancy rate of industrial space — mainly warehouses — dipped three-tenths of a point to 8.7%, the Cushman & Wakefield report said. Metro Atlanta’s warehousing industry has boomed in recent years with tens of millions of square feet of new development and thousands of jobs from companies such as UPS, Amazon and traditional retailers. Consumer spending is a key driver, but so too is the desire of companies to upgrade their supply chains to keep up with buyers who can shop for anything at any time on a smartphone. UPS ranks No. 1 on the Transport Topics Top 100 list of the largest U.S. and Canadian for-hire carriers. Roger Tutterow, a Kennesaw State University economist, said that’s big for Georgia, one of the top logistics hubs in the nation. “One of the cornerstones of the state’s economic development plan is to be a logistics hub for the East Coast,” Tutterow said in a recent interview. The strength of the state’s economy and the economies of its Sun Belt neighbors’ have helped fuel that consumer spending growth, thanks to the prolonged recovery since the recession. Georgia’s logistics industry also has benefited from a shift in ocean going cargo coming to East Coast ports, such as the fast-growing Savannah port, rather than being hauled across the country by truck and rail from the West Coast. Materials coming off ships in Savannah and Brunswick, or American exports being loaded onto vessels there, often stop at distribution points near Atlanta or in Savannah before continuing the journey. Strength in exports Steve Grable, an executive vice president with real estate services firm JLL, said the state’s industrial market has been helped not just by consumer spending that’s drawing imports, but strength in Georgia and Southeastern exports as well. Manufacturers such as Caterpillar ship parts and finished heavy equipment within the United States, and they also export materials overseas. Georgia produce and chickens are in high demand in Asia. “Savannah has a 50-50 balance,” he said. “That’s a strength of the port because it is so balanced.” Griff Lynch, executive director of the Georgia Ports Authority, said the state’s ports had their best ever month of April by tonnage. The authority said it loaded and unloaded more than 333,000 TEUs, or twenty-foot equivalent container units, last month, up 11.7% from the same month a year earlier. For tonnage, the ports’ total grew by 13% to 2.94 million tons, the authority said. Some of that buoyancy in shipping business has come from the more competitive price of directly shipping to the East Coast. Labor strife and congestion on the West Coast in recent years helped trigger the shift. Larger and more cost-efficient vessels can transit the expanded Panama Canal, and ports watchers hope that will help sustain and grow the shift to the Atlantic coast. Earlier this month, the Savannah port greeted the largest container ship to ever call on an East Coast port. The Cosco Development, which can hold more than 13,000 TEUs, arrived May 11 after passing the Panama Canal and stopping in Virginia. More are expected to follow, including an even larger ship due at the port June 2. High tide passages The state and federal governments are working to deepen the Savannah River to 47 feet from 42 feet. The largest ships currently can only ply the river at high tide and not when fully loaded. But the project took a hit last week when the Trump Administration proposed putting less money into the deepening than boosters had hoped. The White House budget calls for $50 million for construction in fiscal 2018, following $42.7 million last year. Members of Georgia’s congressional delegation vowed to find additional federal funds to keep the project moving without delay. The deepening is needed to help Savannah compete with rival ports that also are expanding their facilities, backers argue. “Every major brand is using this port,” said Lynch, the Georgia ports chief. Once goods reach the Garden City Terminal, they’re shipped by truck or rail to trucking terminals or distribution centers across the Southeast, but particularly in metro Atlanta. During his State of the Ports speech last year, Lynch told the community the Savannah area needs more warehousing. Mainly, he said, the Savannah area needs more capacity to take products out of offloaded containers to repackage it inside different sized containers on trucks. That helps make the port more efficient having trucks and containers closer to the port. The ports authority is in the process of selling about 500 acres to developers near the port. That will translate into about 5 million square feet of new warehousing space, Lynch said. J. Scott Trubey The Atlanta Journal-Constitution   Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Follow Transport Topics on RSS Twitter Facebook © 2017, Transport Topics, American Trucking Associations Inc. Reproduction, redistribution, display or rebroadcast by any means without written permission is prohibited.   RELATED ARTICLES World Distribution Services Opens Georgia Warehouse (5/30/2017 9:00:00 AM) Georgia FedEx Driver Glenn Moore to Compete at National Truck Driving Championships (5/22/2017 3:30:00 PM) April a Strong Month for West and East Coast Ports (5/22/2017 2:30:00 PM) Largest Containership to Call East Coast Via Panama Canal Generates Excitement (5/15/2017 2:00:00 AM) Why Alabama Lawmakers Could Still Consider a Fuel Tax Increase (5/10/2017 3:00:00 PM) Port of Virginia Welcomes 13,000-TEU Vessel, Its Largest Ever (5/8/2017 4:00:00 PM)  < More Related Articles...   LATEST NEWS Cass Freight Index Rises 3.7% in April Expansion of Port of Baltimore's Seagirt Marine Terminal Moves Forward Japan to Finalize Strategy for Self-Driving Trucks, Delivery Drones Diesel Rises 3.2¢ to $2.571 a Gallon Analysis: The US Has Forgotten How to Do Infrastructure US Pending Home Sales Falter   More Latest News...   LATEST JOBS Powered By: Follow Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Newsletters TTExpress This free daily newsletter delivers the latest headlines. TT Executive Suite This subscriber-only newsletter program tailors your news. Services Subscribe Renew Group Subscriptions Buy a Digital Copy Customer Service Archives Staff Contact Us Advertising Print Classified Digital Media Reprints Buyer's Guide © American Trucking Associations, Inc., All Rights Reserved TTNews.com Privacy Statement
L.A. Now California: This just in LOCAL L.A. Now 1 dead, 1 injured in police shooting at Hesperia Wal-Mart Hailey Branson-PottsContact Reporter One person is dead, and another is injured after an officer-involved shooting outside a Wal-Mart in Hesperia, authorities said Wednesday. The San Bernardino County Fire Department tweeted that two medical helicopters had been requested for two victims at a Wal-Mart in the 13400 block of Main Street. Paramedics were called to the scene at 7:57 a.m., said Tracey Martinez, a spokeswoman for the fire department. The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department tweeted that the shooting involved a law enforcement officer. Sheriff’s spokeswoman Cindy Bachman told the Victorville Daily Press that officers with the San Bernardino County Auto Theft Task Force — which is comprised of officers from multiple state and local law enforcement agencies — were investigating a crime in the parking lot when they saw three men trying to steal a vehicle. “They approached the vehicle, boxed it in and upon making contact with the subjects in that vehicle, an officer-involved shooting occurred,” she said. The driver and passenger were hit by gunfire, and the person in the backseat was uninjured. The officers were in unmarked vehicles, Bachman told the Daily Press. The Sheriff’s Department said one person was in custody following the incident. Caption The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. The result: It passed. NBC is banking on Megyn Kelly to become a bigger star than she was at Fox News. The United Arab Emirates has the world's tallest building, artificial island and mall. Democrats and Republicans alike are divided over Trump these days. Credits: Getty / KTLA / Al Seib The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. The result: It passed. NBC is banking on Megyn Kelly to become a bigger star than she was at Fox News. The United Arab Emirates has the world's tallest building, artificial island and mall. Democrats and Republicans alike are divided over Trump these days. Credits: Getty / KTLA / Al Seib Caption The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. The result: It passed. NBC is banking on Megyn Kelly to become a bigger star than she was at Fox News. The United Arab Emirates has the world's tallest building, artificial island and mall. Democrats and Republicans alike are divided over Trump these days. Credits: Getty / KTLA / Al Seib The U.S. military put its missile defense system to the test. The result: It passed. NBC is banking on Megyn Kelly to become a bigger star than she was at Fox News. The United Arab Emirates has the world's tallest building, artificial island and mall. Democrats and Republicans alike are divided over Trump these days. Credits: Getty / KTLA / Al Seib Caption Richard Duran, father of Bree’Anna Guzman, 22, discusses his daughter's murder in 2011 at a news conference attended by L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti and Police Chief Charlie Beck. Geovanni Borjas, 32, was arrested on suspicion of raping and killing Guzman and Michelle Lozano, 17, in Lincoln Heights and dumping their bodies by area freeways six years ago. Richard Duran, father of Bree’Anna Guzman, 22, discusses his daughter's murder in 2011 at a news conference attended by L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti and Police Chief Charlie Beck. Geovanni Borjas, 32, was arrested on suspicion of raping and killing Guzman and Michelle Lozano, 17, in Lincoln Heights and dumping their bodies by area freeways six years ago. Caption A rocket launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base hit and destroyed a target warhead Tuesday, U.S. officials said. Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times A rocket launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base hit and destroyed a target warhead Tuesday, U.S. officials said. Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption The Trump presidency is testing many weary L.A. activists. Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. Irvine's population has more than doubled in 20 years. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. Credits: Associated Press / Katie Falkenberg / Getty / Irfan Khan / KTLA / Allen J. Schaben The Trump presidency is testing many weary L.A. activists. Abortion foes want to defund Planned Parenthood. Irvine's population has more than doubled in 20 years. This week's release of "Wonder Woman" is a test for Warner Bros. and Hollywood. Credits: Associated Press / Katie Falkenberg / Getty / Irfan Khan / KTLA / Allen J. Schaben Caption (Video by Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times) (Video by Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times) hailey.branson@latimes.com Twitter: @haileybranson UPDATES: 12:15 p.m. This article was updated with more information about the circumstances of the shooting. This article was originally published at 9:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Shootings They dismissed her as a lightweight. But California's top judge has found her voice — and uses it to call out Trump policies Political Road Map: Trump's budget presents new challenge to California's long suffering unemployment fund The Big One is going to happen, no matter how much you want to deny it, California scientists say Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Beige Book: Regional economy continues modest expansion, labor market still growing Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim State agency sets June 1 deadline on reporting of Fort Smith recycling credits Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Fort Smith Civil Service Commissioners ‘hopeful’ for compromise with police chief Under 40 Forum group delivers ideas on healing Arkansas ‘fractures’ to Gov. Hutchinson Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers Bentonville seeks investors for downtown convention center Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Kim Littlejohn joins USA Truck as chief technology officer Commercial Arkansas River traffic gains muted by rains, high water levels Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart employees can save tax money on ORT express route BusinessNorthwest Arkansas by Jeff Della Rosa (JDellaRosa@nwabj.com) 16 hours ago 43 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores employees have another way to purchase passes for the Commuter Express, a park-and-ride route of Ozark Regional Transit. Home office employees can buy the passes using payroll deduction, allowing them to be purchased pre-tax, said Jeff Hatley, mobility manager and public information officer for ORT. Employees will be able purchase the passes in June, Hatley said. The program is being made possible through Wage Works, which offers ways to help people save money by using pre-tax dollars to pay for healthcare and commuter expenses. In January, ORT established the first express route in Northwest Arkansas in conjunction with NWA Emerging Leaders. The weekday route runs from the Northwest Arkansas Mall in Fayetteville to the Wal-Mart home office area in Bentonville. The route started with seven riders but has since fallen to one regular rider. About a week after the route was established, an overnight fire destroyed 20 buses including the 55-seat coach-style bus that was set to run the route. ORT’s paratransit vehicles are running the route now, but the company has two other coach-style buses, which could run the route if warranted. “It’s just not cost-effective at this point to run the motor coach for one passenger,” Hatley said. A monthly pass to ride the route is $130, and a one-way ride is $5 per seat, according to the company’s website. The route departs from the Fayetteville mall at 6:45 a.m. It departs from the home office at Eighth and F streets in Bentonville at 5:40 p.m. Comments comments Previous post Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Next post Walmart U.S. execs talk success, challenges and opportunity Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim 4 hours ago Tyson Foods brings back free Tuesday nights at Botanical Garden of the Ozarks 11 hours ago Industrial IoT market to reach $195.4 billion by 2022 11 hours ago Cash flow critical in commercial construction 11 hours ago 1,500 Wal-Mart International employees meet in shareholders week, encouraged to take home company culture 11 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 1,743 views Startups to Watch: Chef Shuttle bought by Minneapolis-based Bite Squad 1,275 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,150 views Population growth strongest in Northwest Arkansas cities, Little Rock and Fort Smith see small gains 1,143 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 903 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
null
null
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol House finally releases pay details in spending plan Education School bus crashes into Cary woods after driver has medical emergency; no kids injured Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Fishel: Rain likely to stay away until next week Sponsor Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Soccer Inverted Triangle: NCFC, NC Courage owner Steve Malik opens up in 1-on-1 Carolina Panthers Panthers RB Stewart concerned about Super Bowls, not carries Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business What's behind the German trade surplus angering Trump? Biotech/Life Science With boots on ground, RTI International mobilizes to fight new Ebola outbreak Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students DRAUGHON DRAWS: Budget caution to the wind Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side FDA issues flurry of Listeria-related recalls: Stay safe with these tips Business Ways homebuyers can leap the down payment hurdle Out and About Triangle Restaurant Week starts Monday 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Business GOP health plan could be costly for those with coverage gaps Opinion The beauty of walking Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About New vodka company will be based out of Raleigh Out and About The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Education Subway passengers hold graduation for stuck student Local News Neighbor recalls last conversation with Oxford fire victims Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 10a House budget writer discusses spending plan 7p Project NO REST: Ending human trafficking in NC Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 66° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 66° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-05-31 00:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-31 09:42:17 6 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Easy 175 SB points from Swagbucks! Tags: Freebies Posted 12:00 a.m. Wednesday Updated 9:42 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Czb Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Sign up for a Shell rewards account (for free) and get 175 SB points at Swagbucks.com HERE instantly! I did this offer and the 175 SB points credited right away. No credit card info is required. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Easy 175 SB points from Swagbucks! 1 Swagbucks.com website Shell sign up offer Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months 6 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 6 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 30, 9:49 p.m. Kathy S. - Hmmm...not sure about the box but I think I left it checked because I don't remember unchecking it. Let me know if they are able to credit her quickly. QUOTE Report as abuse Kathy S. May 30, 9:37 p.m. She just sent a ticket to swagbucks. See what happens. I wonder if you need to check the box that let's them send you email and stuff from them and their partners. I left the box checked but she didn't. She unchecked it. QUOTE Report as abuse Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 30, 7:13 p.m. Kathy S - if the SB points don't show up for your daughter in the next hour, I suggest she send in a ticket to their customer service online so they can credit it manually. I'm glad yours went through with no problems. Dr D - don't know how long it's valid. Sorry. QUOTE Report as abuse Kathy S. May 30, 7:06 p.m. My daughter just signed up and she was not credited the pts yet. Hmmm. QUOTE Report as abuse Dr D May 30, 6:49 p.m. Any idea if this SB Shell rewards offer is good today only? I didn't notice an expiration date. QUOTE Report as abuse Kathy S. May 30, 6:30 p.m. Thanks Faye, signed up and instantly got the 175 SB rewards. QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Local News Eastern NC deputy accused of having sex with prisoner during jail transport Local News 4 students responsible for hanged teddy bear, sign at Wakefield HS Education School bus crashes into Cary woods after driver has medical emergency; no kids injured Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Interactive Radar iControl Interactive Doppler Radar Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality Entertainment Kathy Griffin apologizes for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Lifestyles What's fact and fiction about sun safety in the summer of a total eclipse Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Out and About The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Out and About Mithai Indian Café in Cary: A one of a kind dessert bar Out and About After year of repairs, Boylan Bridge Brewpub reopens Go Ask Mom Julia Sims: Thoughts on third grade Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Strange News Tweet That: #covfefe signals @realDonaldTrump is back Education Anti-LGBT fliers posted at Mebane high school without school's knowledge, district says 5 On Your Side 'Prisoners in our own home': Property spat renders Cary home unsellable Local News 'Always going to be a hole:' Father stays hopeful 10 years after daughter's murder Entertainment CNN sacks Kathy Griffin over Trump video as backlash builds @NCCapitol House finally releases pay details in spending plan @NCCapitol Proposal to end concealed gun permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/31 @NCCapitol House bill would repeal some local background checks for handguns @NCCapitol Gun bill consideration postponed as doctors worry about communications provisions SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Local News Eastern NC deputy accused of having sex with prisoner during jail transport Local News 4 students responsible for hanged teddy bear, sign at Wakefield HS Education School bus crashes into Cary woods after driver has medical emergency; no kids injured Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Interactive Radar iControl Interactive Doppler Radar Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality Entertainment Kathy Griffin apologizes for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Lifestyles What's fact and fiction about sun safety in the summer of a total eclipse Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Out and About The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Out and About Mithai Indian Café in Cary: A one of a kind dessert bar Out and About After year of repairs, Boylan Bridge Brewpub reopens Go Ask Mom Julia Sims: Thoughts on third grade Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Strange News Tweet That: #covfefe signals @realDonaldTrump is back Education Anti-LGBT fliers posted at Mebane high school without school's knowledge, district says 5 On Your Side 'Prisoners in our own home': Property spat renders Cary home unsellable Local News 'Always going to be a hole:' Father stays hopeful 10 years after daughter's murder Entertainment CNN sacks Kathy Griffin over Trump video as backlash builds @NCCapitol House finally releases pay details in spending plan @NCCapitol Proposal to end concealed gun permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/31 @NCCapitol House bill would repeal some local background checks for handguns @NCCapitol Gun bill consideration postponed as doctors worry about communications provisions WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
COLUMBIA COUNTY: Suspect wanted for Walmart theft - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News Crime News National News Education News Military News Health News Tech National Politics Entertainment News WEATHER Hurricane season 2017 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS News from the NFL SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Contests Atlanta Bread Breakfast Club Watch, Text, and Win with Jay Jefferies Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Weather with Jay Community Calendar CSRA Events & Shows ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us COLUMBIA COUNTY: Suspect wanted for Walmart theft 2017-05-31T13:20:23Z2017-05-31T13:20:23Z By Brittany Jenkins, Digital Content Producer Email Connect bjenkins@wfxg.com Theft suspect, Walmart; Source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office Theft suspect, Walmart; Source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office Theft suspect, Walmart; Source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office COLUMBIA COUNTY, GA (WFXG) - Columbia County authorities are looking for a suspect they say stole items from a local Walmart. The incident happened at the Walmart on Bobby Jones Expressway. The suspect in question allegedly removed the security tags off of two Canary cameras and left the store without paying. The merchandise is valued at $398. No detailed information is available at this time but if you may know who this suspect is, please contact the Columbia County Sheriff's Office at 706-541-2800. Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> Commissioner wants future changes in downtown to include more of James Brown Commissioner wants future changes in downtown to include more of James Brown Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 11:00 PM EDT2017-06-01 03:00:38 GMT Destination Blueprint is aimed at making Augusta one of the top tourist destinations in the world. There are plans to extend the Augusta Commons and even bring in mobile golf carts for people to get around.  So far they plan to bring in golf carts, create a visitor's center, expand the Augusta commons and much more. Commissioners approved the concept on Tuesday but one question still lingers for one. Will it incorporate more of James Brown? "We talked about the golf carts ... More >> Destination Blueprint is aimed at making Augusta one of the top tourist destinations in the world. There are plans to extend the Augusta Commons and even bring in mobile golf carts for people to get around.  So far they plan to bring in golf carts, create a visitor's center, expand the Augusta commons and much more. Commissioners approved the concept on Tuesday but one question still lingers for one. Will it incorporate more of James Brown? "We talked about the golf carts ...More >> Aiken receives $500,00 grant to help upgrade aging water, sewer system Aiken receives $500,00 grant to help upgrade aging water, sewer system Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-05-31 22:00:36 GMT (Source: File photo / WFXG) The City of Aiken has received a $500,000 grant to help overhaul the city's water systems. “This project will encourage economic development in your community,” said authority Chairman Robert M. Hitt III in the award letter. More >> The City of Aiken has received a $500,000 grant to help overhaul the city's water systems. “This project will encourage economic development in your community,” said authority Chairman Robert M. Hitt III in the award letter.More >> OH man pleads guilty to theft of over $4 million from MOX Project OH man pleads guilty to theft of over $4 million from MOX Project Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 4:37 PM EDT2017-05-31 20:37:06 GMT Savannah River Site entrance sign (source: WFXG) According to U.S. Attorney Beth Drake, Aaron Vennefron of Hamilton, Ohio created fraudulent invoices for goods needed at the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility.More >> According to U.S. Attorney Beth Drake, Aaron Vennefron of Hamilton, Ohio created fraudulent invoices for goods needed at the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility.More >> Subjects wanted for questioning in Temple of Faith Ministries arson Subjects wanted for questioning in Temple of Faith Ministries arson Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 4:13 PM EDT2017-05-31 20:13:47 GMT Temple arson subjects (source: Richmond County Sheriff's Office) The Richmond County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help locating several individuals wanted for questioning in connection with a fire at an Augusta church. More >> The Richmond County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help locating several individuals wanted for questioning in connection with a fire at an Augusta church.More >> Investigators: No foul play in United House of Prayer fire Investigators: No foul play in United House of Prayer fire Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 3:39 PM EDT2017-05-31 19:39:02 GMT Church fire in McDuffie County; Source: WFXG Investigators are looking into what caused an early-morning fire at the United House of Prayer on Ellington Airline Road in McDuffie County. The call came in around 3:08 a.m. Wednesday, May 31. More >> Investigators are looking into what caused an early-morning fire at the United House of Prayer on Ellington Airline Road in McDuffie County. The call came in around 3:08 a.m. Wednesday, May 31.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Shopper's Facebook post about strangers following her strikes a - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Shopper's Facebook post about strangers following her strikes a chord on social media 2017-05-31T00:05:57Z2017-05-31T02:51:44Z By Jasmine Payoute, Digital Journalist Email Connect jpayoute@ksla.com Woman details experience being reportedly followed in Walmart. (Source: KSLA News 12) BOSSIER CITY, LA (KSLA) - A Bossier City woman alleges two men were following her in a Walmart store. Jared Courtney Basham claims the men followed her from aisle to aisle and left without buying anything. She posted something about the encounter on Facebook. Jared Courtney Basham Others have since commented that they too have been followed. Those comments, part of more than 200 responses, appear to indicate it is happening at various Walmart store throughout the Shreveport-Bossier City area. "From time to time, we do get calls like this," Bossier City spokesman Mark Natale said. "As far as recently, I was unable to find any kind of documentation on it." That may be because not all of the encounters are being reported. Even if a crime is not committed, Natale said, authorities should be contacted. "They have a right to be comfortable. And in any situation where somebody suspects something is not quite right, don't be hesitant to call the police." There is no such thing as being too cautious, Natale added. There also are several steps people can take if they find themselves in such a situation. "First thing they should do is get to an area that's populated," Natale said. "Or, if it's nighttime, get to a well-lit area that's populated. He also advises: "If you're walking into a parking lot or coming out of a store and you think someone is following you, go back into the store and contact police." A manager at the Walmart where Basham says she encountered the two men said that store management was unaware of what happened and that, now that they do know, security will be increased.  Copyright 2017 KSLA. All rights reserved.  Local newsMore>> breaking SILVER Alert for missing Mesa woman SILVER Alert for missing Mesa woman Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 1:20 AM EDT2017-06-01 05:20:14 GMT Maria Van Hoff (Source: Mesa Police Department) The Arizona Department of Public Safety has issued a Silver Alert for Mona Van Hoff, from Mesa.   According to the alert Van Hoff was last seen in the area of Southern and Dobson in Mesa around 4 p.m. on Tuesday, May 30.  The Arizona Department of Public Safety has issued a Silver Alert for Mona Van Hoff, from Mesa.   According to the alert Van Hoff was last seen in the area of Southern and Dobson in Mesa around 4 p.m. on Tuesday, May 30.  BREAKING Arrest made in death of Vail teen Jayden Glomb Arrest made in death of Vail teen Jayden Glomb Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 12:14 AM EDT2017-06-01 04:14:03 GMT Josh Lelevier (Source: Tucson Police Department) On Wednesday, May 31, authorities served a search warrant at the home of Jayden Glomb, the Vail teen who was found dead earlier this month. On Wednesday, May 31, authorities served a search warrant at the home of Jayden Glomb, the Vail teen who was found dead earlier this month. Three more Payless stores in Tucson slated for closure Three more Payless stores in Tucson slated for closure Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-06-01 04:10:39 GMT (Source: CNN) Payless Shoesource has announced a second wave of store closures and three Tucson locations are on the list. Payless Shoesource has announced a second wave of store closures and three Tucson locations are on the list. A K9 with a nose for electronics A K9 with a nose for electronics Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-06-01 03:38:51 GMT Fallon the electronic detecting canine. (Source: Tucson News Now) It may seem impossible to you and I, but to Fallon, the DPS K9. Finding electronics is one of her 2 jobs.  It may seem impossible to you and I, but to Fallon, the DPS K9. Finding electronics is one of her 2 jobs.  PCC & U of A grant to help low income students PCC & U of A grant to help low income students Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 10:29 PM EDT2017-06-01 02:29:55 GMT Congressman Raul Grijalva announced a federal grant that will help the students with programs at Pima Community College and the University of Arizona.  Congressman Raul Grijalva announced a federal grant that will help the students with programs at Pima Community College and the University of Arizona.     Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Four Things to Expect from Walmart's Shareholder Week By Jack Neff - just now Array 0 The Rise of the Robo-Restaurant (And Other Eating Out Trends) By Jessica Wohl - just now Array 0 Free the Bid: Women Directors Ready For Their Close-Ups just now Array 0 JC Penney Chases After Men With First Strahan Spot By Adrianne Pasquarelli - just now Array 0 Advertising Is Still a Boys' Club By Lindsay Stein - just now Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 15 hours ago 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 Brace Yourself for Dollar Shave Club's Cringeworthy Ads About Grooming 'Down There' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 days ago 0 Five Things to Expect at Cannes (Not Counting Rosé) By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Video: Mute Melania Is Our Meme of the Week By Simon Dumenco and Nathan Skid - 4 days ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Four Things to Expect from Walmart's Shareholder Week By Jack Neff. Published on May 31, 2017. Walmart shareholder's meeting 2017 Credit: Walmart Most Popular Good times or bad, Walmart's shareholder's meeting is always a huge celebration. In fact, it's not just a meeting, or a day. It's a Shareholder's Week, where employees (associates) from around the world gather. This year, the giant retailer has more to celebrate than usual – including a big spike in e-commerce sales last quarter, three years of same-store sales growth, and pats on the back from many analysts. The stock is up 11% the past year. That's a notch below the 15% for the S&P 500, and further below Costco (18%) and Amazon (39%). But it's way better than most legacy retailers like Target, Kroger and Dollar General, all down double digits. With that in mind, here four faces of Walmart expected to show up in Northwest Arkansas this week. Walmart the star power broker: Walmart draws A-list talent to every shareholder meeting, where they perform for free, albeit with expenses covered and the warm knowledge that it helps them, their employers, their studios or record labels sell stuff at Earth's largest retailer. Last year, James Corden and Katy Perry were there. Prior years have seen Will Smith, Taylor Swift, Pharrell Williams, Miley Cyrus and so many more. Who will headline Friday's meeting is a closely held secret. But Rascal Flatts and Sheryl Crow were tapped to perform for the associates earlier in the week. Walmart the benevolent: Shareholder Week is part of Walmart's vigorous PR effort to prove to media elites and others that union-backed groups bashing its wages, benefits and personnel practices are wrong. Nothing makes that point like Bud Walton Arena packed with screaming, enthusiastic employees. Cynics say it's easy to get several thousand deliriously happy employees out of 2.3 million to show up when they're hand selected by management for an all-expenses-paid trip to be entertained lavishly (see above). But Walmart will also showcase associates' upward mobility and enhanced training. And the reality is, in one-on-ones, many do seem genuinely satisfied. On Glassdoor, Walmart gets ranked the same or better than union-represented Kroger and Safeway, above non-union Dollar General, but below non-union Target and Costco. Walmart the tech company: During a 2014 Shareholder Week press conference, former Walmart E-commerce CEO Neil Ashe dismissed the potential impact of Jet.com. Now Walmart owns Jet.com, and its founder Marc Lore has Ashe's job. Walmart e-commerce actually outgrew Amazon last quarter, and Lore will be out to showcase more ways he can contend with what looks like the biggest existential threat to Earth's biggest retailer. Walmart paid Lore $244 million last year, more than 10 times what CEO Doug McMillon got, thanks to stock grants from the deal. And he's out to prove Walmart e-commerce business is a flexible platform that also can grow quickly while rapidly bolting on acquisitions like Jet.com, Moosejaw, ModCloth, and ShoeBuy, in the process adding many customers leery of Walmart. More broadly, McMillon has been positioning Walmart as a tech company, most recently in an interview with Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg. The in-store side of that tech includes things like the Scan & Go app at Sam's Club, a generally flawless way to scan and buy on the go. Despite the ease of use, though, most shoppers at stores in, say, Cincinnati don't seem to use it. And applying the app to the bigger universe of Walmart stores without unacceptable pilferage could be even more challenging. Walmart the product developer: Walmart built its business on selling branded products for less than the competition. But its emerging competition from Aldi, Trader Joe's and Lidl mainly sell private-label goods, and big rivals Costco and Kroger also have more fully developed private-label offerings. So, in the worst news for brand marketers, a big part of what Walmart is likely to showcase is its growing prowess at developing its own brands. Last year, Walmart unveiled its private-label craft beer. What wonders await this year? In this article: Alcoholic Beverages Beauty/Fashion Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Event Marketing Retail Shopper Marketing Social Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Jun 01, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Wal-Mart eyes closing the gap with online leader ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 31, 2017 Two Wal-Mart workers walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com is accelerating its progress in e-commerce as it works to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon. Signs point to progress. ASSOCIATED PRESS Lore ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print HOBOKEN, N.J. — Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart Stores to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers gave it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world’s largest retailer is betting on essentials like fresh produce, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon’s Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations, said he’s confident about the firm’s momentum, and it has a lot of room to thrive. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” Mr. Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, N.J. He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Mr. Lore has led Wal-Mart’s acquisitions of specialty online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw, and ShoeBuy.com, and said he’s still looking at firms with expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares to show off some innovations this week before its shareholder meeting, signs indicate that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Despite its acquisitions, Wal-Mart said a majority of the growth was through Walmart.com, fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for those who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products, including from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, the research firm Euromonitor found. Wal-Mart is now in second ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich of research firm Evercore estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 a year on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. Related Items new jersey , united states , north america , Amazon.com Inc , Target Corp , Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Hoboken , e-commerce , online shopping Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
News Sports Business Food 69° Full Menu 69° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us The Jackson County sheriff’s office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. This family photo shows Sneed with his daughter. Photo courtesy of the Sneed family The Jackson County sheriff’s office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. This family photo shows Sneed with his daughter. Photo courtesy of the Sneed family Crime May 30, 2017 7:31 PM Relatives await release of video in man’s fatal shooting by deputy at Raytown Wal-Mart By Ian Cummings icummings@kcstar.com and Matt Campbell mcampbell@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A Jackson County sheriff’s deputy’s fatal shooting of an accused shoplifter Sunday night at a Raytown Wal-Mart was captured by store security cameras and remains under investigation, according to authorities. The video has not been released pending the sheriff’s office investigation into the shooting of Donald Sneed III, 31, who died following a struggle with the deputy outside the front doors of the store at 10300 E. U.S. 350. The deputy was working off-duty security at the store and was trying to help store employees who had stopped Sneed for allegedly shoplifting when Sneed disarmed the deputy of her stun gun and shocked her in the neck with it, according to Sgt. John Payne, a spokesman for the sheriff’s office. The deputy shot Sneed to protect herself and others in the store, Payne said in a statement. Following the investigation, the case will be submitted to the Jackson County prosecutor’s office for a decision on whether charges should be filed. Sneed’s relatives have said they are eager for more information about the shooting, and about how the alleged theft turned into a deadly physical confrontation. The sheriff’s office has declined to say how many shots were fired, how many times Sneed was hit, what Sneed was accused of shoplifting or how long the deputy has been on the force. Sneed’s wife, Rachel Sneed, said she was shocked at Sneed’s death but also knew he had been in trouble recently. At the time of the shooting, Sneed was wanted for felony arrest warrants on charges of robbery and tampering with a motor vehicle. The couple had a 10-year-old daughter and had been separated for some time while Sneed struggled with substance abuse problems and spent time in Colorado and Florida. Sneed, a carpenter by trade, had also been a parent to Rachel Sneed’s three children from a previous relationship. “They are pretty shook up,” Rachel Sneed said of the children. “He was really good with kids,” she said. “He was actually a really good person once upon a time. He was very, very sweet. He loved to make people laugh. He would carry an older lady’s groceries to her car at the store. He just went down the wrong road.” Sneed had been an accomplished athlete and had earned a black belt in taekwondo, Rachel Sneed said. “He was trying to get his life back,” she said. “He was trying to put himself back together for his daughter, he really was.” According to the sheriff’s office, the incident at the Wal-Mart began shortly before 10 p.m. when the deputy recognized Sneed as being wanted on arrest warrants. She alerted store employees, who allegedly watched Sneed shoplift some merchandise. Two store employees contacted Sneed as he exited the store, and a struggle ensued. The deputy began to help the employees, and Sneed reportedly fought with the deputy. The deputy discharged her stun gun at Sneed, but to no effect. Then Sneed allegedly took the stun gun away from the deputy and used it on her. The deputy shot Sneed with her duty weapon. Emergency medical personnel arrived and rendered aid to both Sneed and the deputy. The deputy was treated at a hospital and released. The sheriff’s office has not described her injuries. The deputy will be on administrative leave while the shooting is under investigation by the sheriff’s office criminal investigations unit. Ian Cummings: 816-234-4633, @Ian__Cummings Matt Campbell: 816-234-4902, @MattCampbellKC LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago Who are Kansas City's serial killers? 3:29 3 hours ago Who are Kansas City's serial killers? 1:21 2 days ago Residents concerned, fearful after discovery of body off Trolley Track Trail 1:06 9 days ago Suspect in Lenexa vehicle theft View More Video Crime Dozens of lives extinguished: The legacy of Kansas City’s known serial killers Police release photos of man wanted in connection with May 25th homicide in KC Registered sex offender in KCK pleads guilty to transporting teen for sex Video captures former public works director filling personal pickup with Merriam fuel Final defendant sentenced in killing of 14-year-old girl at KC water park Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In World Teen hacks Uber driver to death Aussie hunter falls to death in ravine Teen girl in ‘heinous’ Uber murder Spicer defends ‘covfefe’ tweet Billionaire’s threat to Trump Police arrest ‘Goodfellas gangsters’ Supermodels’ dad faces jail time Comey to spill beans on Russia north america Teenage girl allegedly stabbed Uber driver to death June 1, 20173:50pm Video Image A 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with a knife and machete3:05 Authorities say Eliza Wasni later used a knife and machete to kill 34-year-old Grant Nelson in Lincolnwood, Illinois. June 1st 2017 2 hours ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ A teenage girl is accused of stabbing an Uber driver to death. AP Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend A TEENAGE girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she’d stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police in the US a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni, 16 simply climbed into a car driven Grant Nelson, 34, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The two-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who “nonchalantly” could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3am Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, “Help me, help me! I’m going to die!” until residents called 911. Sixteen-year-old high school student Eliza Wasni.Source:Facebook Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson’s blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson’s phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson’s passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. “We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners,” Uber said in a statement. “Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Nelson’s sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. “He was not a vindictive person,” Alex Nelson said. “He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.” llinois’ Assistant State Attorney Michelle Cunningham said the driver was the innocent victim of a “heinous” crime. Pictures of the blood-stained Uber have been published by local media in Chicago. Jump back to top Right now in world 1540Readers Donald Trump #covfefe: Tweet with misspelled word goes viral 609Readers Eliza Wasni: Teenager allegedly stabs Uber driver to death 179Readers Hannah Cornelius murder: Student raped, strangled, stabbed d... 73Readers Lincolnwood, Illinois: Eliza Wasni aged 16 murder of Uber dr... world breaking news 15:33Teen hacks Uber driver to death 15:18Aussie hunter falls to death in ravine 15:50Teen girl in ‘heinous’ Uber murder 15:37Spicer defends ‘covfefe’ tweet 14:47Billionaire’s threat to Trump A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10). Bottom JS
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News Recall petition targets DCPS tax hike +3 By Bobbie Hayse Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Cravens' Second Chance 1980 letter fueled opioid epidemic OMG!con returns June 9 for three days of zaniness Daymar settlement checks uncashed Rape kit backlog easing, Beshear says Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Local Sports featured Lady Aces claim 3rd Region title +2 By JOSEPH RUSSELL Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Mustangs rally for championship Owenboro Oilers getting a fresh start 'He's with me': Mourning dad, American wins at French Open Criminal expert: Tiger Woods made mistake issuing statement Which new head coaches are most likely to succeed? Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Health Food Service Inspections Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Popular new workouts target the body, mind and soul Baby girl's baffling skin disease has no cure Bullies use powerful weapon to torment allergic kids: peanuts How Gallaudet University is working to reach young, deaf readers A head-to-toe solution for easing stress Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports +2 News First homes completed in Livermore CDBG project By STEPHANIE SALMONS McLean County News 1 hr ago 0 David A. Morris Sheriff's office hosting surplus auction Kenneth Durwood Miller Chamber News Nick Chase AP featured Decision on Paris climate pact looms By JILL COLVIN and JULIE PACE The Associated Press 1 hr ago 0 WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact -- fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges -- though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Wal-Mart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground -- perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement -- in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels -- about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year -- enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. ------ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 70° Few Clouds Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News First homes completed in Livermore CDBG project David A. Morris Sheriff's office hosting surplus auction Kenneth Durwood Miller Chamber News Recall petition targets DCPS tax hike Nick Chase Brescia University receives $1M gift Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Detention center cells left unlocked Hayden fondly remembered at tribute Divorces Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Historical season leads Panthers to first NCAA tournament (2) Senator: Sales tax exemptions could be targeted in special session (2) Readers Write (1) OMU board approves United Way match, pay raises (1) Cain to receive Buford Pusser award (1) A couple of tidbits about a sign and a stagecoach ride (1) From This Place to That (1) Motion in Gabe's fight will be heard Tuesday (1) Family seeks runaway teen to inform her about mother's auto accident (1) Cars 2007 Lexus RX350, light blue, 87000 miles, excellent condition, $13,500 $13,500 Mileage: 87,000 Updated 4 hrs ago HONDA PACIFIC COAST $2,500 Mileage: 33,000 Updated 4 hrs ago '07 Camry SE, Like New, 50K, One Owner, $9,995 FIRM. $9,995 Mileage: 50,000 6 hrs ago Stocks Homes East - 2 & 3 bdrm., new paint, hardwood & Updated 4 hrs ago All Areas 1-2-3-4-5 Bdrm. www.indles.com $435-$2,000 mo. Apartments, Town Homes Apr 12, 2017 South 1 bdrm., water & gas furnished, $400. Laundry Facilities. $400 Updated 4 hrs ago Special Sections 5-27-17 REIO May 27, 2017 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of May 27-28, 2017. 5-20-17 At Home May 20, 2017 0 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation 202 Things To Do May 9, 2017 0 2017-18 Visitor's Guide 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Estate Planning May 12, 2017 0 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 Sections Home News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares Girl, 16, ‘stabbed Uber driver to death after stealing machete and ordering him to drive off’ Richard Hartley-Parkinson for Metro.co.ukThursday 1 Jun 2017 6:44 am Eliza Wasni will be tried as an adult for murder (Picture: Facebook) A teenager has been charged with murder after she was accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death. Eliza Wasni, 16, is alleged to have stolen a machete from a Walmart in Chicago then ordered Grant Nelson, 34, to drive off. Teen prostitute wins $1,000,000 payout for 'sleeping with dozens of police officers' Within minutes he had been stabbed multiple times while he was driving. He managed to pull his car over and ran into a nearby block of flats where he was able to summon help. He told police when they arrived at the scene that he was an Uber driver and that Wasni had driven off in his vehicle. Grant Nelson, 34, was stabbed to death (Picture: Facebook) They later found her hiding behind a building after she crashed his car into the central reservation of a motorway and ran off. Dog dies after carrot is forced into her vagina Lincolnwood police said that her shirt was covered in blood and they said she declined to comment. Nelson died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Chicago-area TV stations reported that Nelson’s blood-splattered silver sedan remained in the intersection as police investigated his killing. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. The Uber Car was covered in blood after the incident (Picture: WGN-TV) ‘We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners,’ Uber said in a statement. ‘Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.’ Nelson’s sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. ‘He was not a vindictive person,’ Alex Nelson said. ‘He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.’ It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. More Passenger tackled after 'trying to hijack' Malaysia Airlines plane SponsoredThe best family holidays in the UK this summer World's heaviest child loses 5st after getting gastric band Man with new tattoo ignores advice not to swim and dies from flesh-eating bacteria Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Father's arm amputated after puppy bit him Amber Rudd took part in debate despite her father dying two days before British couple sold underage daughters to friend so he could have sex with them Mosques in Manchester 'refuse to bury Salman Abedi's body' Hillary Clinton threw some seriously hot covfefe at Donald TrumpMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Wetherspoons call police after someone is 2p short on order Jeremy Corbyn can't answer basic budget questions Harriet Harman on why Labour has never had a female leader Man confronted for travelling 100 miles to meet 13-year-oldMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: World Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Search About Us Mere Log Phase I Phase II Phase III Phase IV Phase V Phase VI Phase VII Write for us Contact Us Newsletter Subscription Letter to Editor Career Opportunities Team PKKH Archive Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News National World View Region Kashmir Business Sports Science & tech Health Achivements Editorial Blogs Articles Exclusive International Pakistan Multimedia Gallery Videos Heroes Our Heroes Need Their Identity Back Real Life Heroes Scientists of Pakistan Heroes from other fields of life اردو پی کے کے ایچ اردو اردو بلاگ Travelogue HomeNewsBusiness Amazon shares rise above $1,000 for the first time 0 By Web Desk on June 1, 2017 Business News NEW YORK (AFP) – Shares of Amazon surged above $1,000 for the first time Tuesday, marking another milestone in the rise of the American online retail giant. Near 14:10 GMT, the company’s shares were selling at $997.97, up 0.2 percent after earlier getting as high as $1,001.20. Amazon’s market capitalization stood at about $478 billion, more than twice that of Wal-Mart Stores. After going in public in May 1997 at $18 a share, Amazon has benefited from tectonic shifts in US technology and consumer shopping habits that are expected to continue to remake the retail industry. The company has evolved from its origins as an online bookseller into a broad-based retailer of apparel and household staples, from electronics to sausage casing. And with its “Prime” subscription service, it also has become a creative force in Hollywood and beyond. Amazon shares have appreciated especially rapidly over the last three years in anticipation that e-commerce will become a much bigger force in the retail sector. Online sales currently comprise about eight percent of the US retail market. Amazon alone accounts for about 43 percent of US online sales, according to consultancy Slice Intelligence. E-commerce is expected to grow between eight and 12 percent this year, according to the National Retail Federation, about three times as much as the rest of the industry, which has faced massive store and mall closures. Amazon, whose revenues grew to $35.7 billion in the first quarter, also has impressed Wall Street by laying out a plan to achieve greater profitability. It is in the process of investing $1.5 billion to establish its own delivery network and lessen its dependence on shipping giants FedEx and UPS. That will help contain delivery costs, which grew 30 percent to $1.9 billion in the first quarter. The surge above $1,000 a share also raises questions about whether Amazon intends to pursue a stock split. At Amazon’s annual meeting a week ago, chief executive Jeff Bezos said the matter was under consideration. The company had three previous stock splits, in June 1998 and in January and August 1999. Amazon currently is the fourth biggest company by market capitalization after Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Microsoft.                 Source Tags: Amazon | Amazon market share | Amazon shares | Amazon website Web Desk Website Previous ArticleCTD foils major terror bid in Lahore Next Article This restaurant floating in Pacific Ocean is a must visit Related Stories India, Russia 5th Generation Fighter Jet Deal is ‘Lost’ Online Directory of Pakistani Exporters Launched to Help Foreign Customers CTD foils major terror bid in Lahore Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Your Website (optional) Connect with Us 3046followers 44834likes 43followers Recent Posts 0 June 1, 2017 India, Russia 5th Generation Fighter Jet Deal is ‘Lost’ 0 June 1, 2017 Online Directory of Pakistani Exporters Launched to Help Foreign Customers 0 June 1, 2017 This PIA Plane Has Been Transformed Into a Lavish Restaurant in Karachi Popular Post August 18, 2013 Pakistan Cruise Missiles Vs India Ballistic Missile Defense July 15, 2014 Ajit Doval: The Indian who wants to ‘destroy’ Pakistan? February 5, 2014 How to End Insurgency in Kashmir December 15, 2013 ‘Gulf News’ Disgusting Attack on Pakistan Has No Place in Dubai’s 2020 Expo May 4, 2016 Kargil War – Pakistan’s Military Victory PKKH | Pakistan Ka Khuda Hafiz PKKH is Pakistan’s leading alternative policy institute and online news service – working towards creating awareness and highlighting the various global and regional security threats Pakistan faces. PKKH works with analysts, journalists and media personalities in Pakistan to encourage dialogue and action on policy matters as well as creating awareness within the populace about key security and defense issues, using mass media presence, talk shows, advertising, public events and road shows. RECENT POST June 1, 2017 India, Russia 5th Generation Fighter Jet Deal is ‘Lost’ June 1, 2017 Online Directory of Pakistani Exporters Launched to Help Foreign Customers June 1, 2017 This PIA Plane Has Been Transformed Into a Lavish Restaurant in Karachi Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2015 PakistankaKhudahafiz. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter RSS
GET APP Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy X DON'T SHARE NUISANCE. SHARE NEWS. Be a responsible citizen. Come, pledge to always check and share verified and vetted news. Submit Quitting Climate Deal to 'Hurt' Donald Trump's Jobs Push Bangladesh Navy Searches for 81 Fishermen Still Missing After Cyclone Mora India Should Lead by Example if US Withdraws from Paris Climate Accord Nirupama Rao Appointed Public Policy Fellow to US Think-tank News18 » World 4-min read Quitting Climate Deal to 'Hurt' Donald Trump's Jobs Push Associated Press Updated: June 1, 2017, 10:27 AM IST A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal. (File photo/Reuters) Washington: President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the US," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash." ALSO READ | Is Donald Trump Allowed to Pull Out of Paris Climate Deal? Here's a Primer The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favours. ALSO READ | President Trump Decides to Withdraw US from Paris Climate Deal: Report Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. ALSO READ | India Contributing Nothing to One-sided Paris Climate Deal, Says Donald Trump "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley's Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." Climate Deal donald trump un climate agreement UN Climate Deal First Published: June 1, 2017, 10:27 AM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You James Bond Actor Molly Peters Passes Away At 75 'Don't Know What's Going on Between Kohli and Kumble' GST Effect: Ford Figo, Aspire, EcoSport Get Discounts Of Up To Rs 30,000 Rohit Sharma Gives Glimpse of Dinner With Team India Priyanka Chopra Has a Fitting Reply For Critics Who Find Her Attire Not Sanskari Enough About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Early Life Stress May Up Binge Eating In Females MakeMyTrip Co-founder Bats For Right to Eat, Trolled, Quits Twitter NGT Refuses to Set Aside Closure of Auto Dealers Near Bellandur Lake Shameful Fiasco SA T20 League Will Stand Up to IPL: Haroon Lorgat Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Cutting EPA to the bone?•Big-data Air Force recruitment•Trump budget targets student loan program Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Trump to announce decision… Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday By JULIE PACE June 1, 2017 1:10 am 5 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways.” The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration. The true impact of cutting EPA's budget. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Related Topics Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Trump to announce decision… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Shulkin details 13 areas of improvement in his diagnosis of VA Top Story DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards SBA Administrator McMahon leading agency by ‘effective and efficient’ example Exclusive OSC employee blows whistle on OSC Workforce Rights/Governance 12 key takeaways from the 2018 budget that could affect you Budget Fed Photo of the Day NRC celebrates Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month Today in History 1790: George Washington signs first US copyright law THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 31, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9261 0.0060 2.24% L 2020 25.6005 0.0130 3.69% L 2030 28.5857 0.0211 5.24% L 2040 30.8092 0.0262 6.00% L 2050 17.6802 0.0168 6.69% G Fund 15.3354 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8967 0.0184 1.75% C Fund 33.5487 -0.0101 7.16% S Fund 43.0305 0.0296 5.78% I Fund 28.1212 0.1036 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
GET APP Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy X DON'T SHARE NUISANCE. SHARE NEWS. Be a responsible citizen. Come, pledge to always check and share verified and vetted news. Submit Will US Pull Out of UN Climate Deal? Donald Trump to Reveal Tomorrow Bangladesh Navy Searches for 81 Fishermen Still Missing After Cyclone Mora India Should Lead by Example if US Withdraws from Paris Climate Accord Nirupama Rao Appointed Public Policy Fellow to US Think-tank News18 » World 5-min read Will US Pull Out of UN Climate Deal? Donald Trump to Reveal Tomorrow Associated Press Updated: June 1, 2017, 8:57 AM IST File photo of US President Donald Trump. Washington: President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event on Friday. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which US allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a US withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways". The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. ALSO READ | President Trump Decides to Withdraw US from Paris Climate Deal: Report Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the US from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ALSO READ | European Commission Leader Blasts Donald Trump on Climate Plans American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without US Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. ALSO READ | UN Chief Says Implementation of Paris Climate Deal is 'Essential' Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a US exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide US leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump on Wednesday met with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the US carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. ALSO READ | Twitter Sets Out to Investigate Donald Trump's Cryptic 'Covfefe' Tweet Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the US could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The US has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W Bush administrations. Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the US retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. ALSO READ | Comey to Confirm Trump Pressured Him on Flynn Investigation The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the US economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling US coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the US economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. climate Climate Deal donald trump environment First Published: June 1, 2017, 7:19 AM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You Venus Williams Lets Serena's Baby Secret Slip Anushka Sharma Raises The Hotness Quotient In Her Latest Photoshoot 'Don't Know What's Going on Between Kohli and Kumble' GST Effect: Ford Figo, Aspire, EcoSport Get Discounts Of Up To Rs 30,000 Priyanka Chopra Has a Fitting Reply For Critics Who Find Her Attire Not Sanskari Enough About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Early Life Stress May Up Binge Eating In Females MakeMyTrip Co-founder Bats For Right to Eat, Trolled, Quits Twitter NGT Refuses to Set Aside Closure of Auto Dealers Near Bellandur Lake Shameful Fiasco SA T20 League Will Stand Up to IPL: Haroon Lorgat Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 76° Full Menu 76° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo National Business June 01, 2017 12:27 AM Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs By PAUL WISEMAN AP Economics Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley's Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:55 3 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.1 1:40 3 hours ago Furman teammates discuss national title (video) View More Video National Business The Latest: Lawmakers adjourn without passing budget Legislation in NY aims to end school lunch shaming Uber posts $708M loss as revenue grows; finance head quits New York tax officials stop 330k suspicious refund claims Ohio legislation targets financial fraud against elderly National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Business Real Estate 82° Full Menu 82° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo Business June 01, 2017 12:27 AM Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs By PAUL WISEMAN AP Economics Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley's Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 6 hours ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 12 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 14 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business Nuclear fuel spill exercise set for upstate NY rail yard In China, some signs of greater acceptance of LGBT people Senate approves $11.8 billion budget and companion bill Cuban entrepreneurs start first private business group $2.5 million Israeli-style karaoke venue to open in Gulfstream Park Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Facebook Twitter Home News Business LHS Sports Opinions Lifestyle Lyons Community Archive Issues Business Lyons Eye Optometry Opens     Dr. Justin Deal and his wife Stacy are pleased to announce the opening of their new business Lyons Eye Optometry, at 193 Main Street, in the Lyons Village Central Plaza (next to the Lyons Dairy Bar). Dr. Deal, a Hoosier by birth, attended undergrad at Indiana University, before getting his Doctor of Optometry at the Illinois College of Optometry. After graduation, he settled in Boulder, where he began practicing a few days a week at the Pearle Vision on Pearl Street, and a few days a week at the Walmart on Ken Pratt in Longmont. His wife, and office manager, Stacy hails from Wisconsin, and received a degree in biology in Madison. The couple moved to Lyons two years ago, and she worked at Rocky Mountain National Park as a Coordinator for the Volunteer Program organizing the group volunteer program and leading hundreds of volunteers on service projects around Rocky. The couple opened Redstone Eye Care in conjunction with the new Sam's Club in Longmont. But their long-term goal was to someday open their own practice. This past winter they decided it was time to take the plunge and open up our very own private optometry practice in the quiet, funky town they had grown to love. And thus Lyons Eye Optometry was born. In addition to offering the same quality eye exams Dr. Deal's patients have grown to expect, Lyons Eye Optometry will be selling prescription eye glasses, sunglasses, and contacts. Stacy says, “We will be selling a number of glasses made from pretty cool companies.” For example, one line of frames are made entirely in the USA, which is incredibly rare. Another line gives back an enormous amount: they are part of a program where a tree is planted for every frame sold, and producing glasses made of at least ninety-five percent recycled or plant-based materials. The couple are excited to be finally open! Getting the office ready has been a long and exhausting process. Thankfully they enlisted the assistance of two local carpenters, who did a truly wonderful job making their office beautiful and welcoming. “At last,” says Stacy, “we are near the end of the set up process, and are excited to open our doors, and offer our services to the people of Lyons, Estes Park, Hygiene, and the surrounding communities. We are currently scheduling for exams, so if anyone is in need, please call (303) 747-3790!” Their website is lyonseyeoptometry.com, or you can find them on Facebook at facebook.com/lyonseyeoptometry. fShare Tweet Business Lyons Eye Optometry Opens Search The Lyons Recorder Search ... Go to top
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol House finally releases pay details in spending plan Education School bus crashes into Cary woods after driver has medical emergency; no kids injured Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Fishel: Rain likely to stay away until next week Sponsor Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Soccer Inverted Triangle: NCFC, NC Courage owner Steve Malik opens up in 1-on-1 Carolina Panthers Panthers RB Stewart concerned about Super Bowls, not carries Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business What's behind the German trade surplus angering Trump? Biotech/Life Science With boots on ground, RTI International mobilizes to fight new Ebola outbreak Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students DRAUGHON DRAWS: Budget caution to the wind Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side FDA issues flurry of Listeria-related recalls: Stay safe with these tips Business Ways homebuyers can leap the down payment hurdle Out and About Triangle Restaurant Week starts Monday 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Business GOP health plan could be costly for those with coverage gaps Opinion The beauty of walking Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About New vodka company will be based out of Raleigh Out and About The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Education Subway passengers hold graduation for stuck student Local News Neighbor recalls last conversation with Oxford fire victims Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 10a House budget writer discusses spending plan 7p Project NO REST: Ending human trafficking in NC Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 66° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 66° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-01 00:05:02 Updated: 2017-06-01 00:05:02 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs Posted 12:05 a.m. today Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Df4 Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By PAUL WISEMAN, AP Economics Writer WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley's Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." ___ AP Business Writer David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this story. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Free Credit Score - No Card Required! $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Local News Eastern NC deputy accused of having sex with prisoner during jail transport Local News 4 students responsible for hanged teddy bear, sign at Wakefield HS Education School bus crashes into Cary woods after driver has medical emergency; no kids injured Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Interactive Radar iControl Interactive Doppler Radar Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality Entertainment Kathy Griffin apologizes for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Lifestyles What's fact and fiction about sun safety in the summer of a total eclipse Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Out and About The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Out and About Mithai Indian Café in Cary: A one of a kind dessert bar Out and About After year of repairs, Boylan Bridge Brewpub reopens Go Ask Mom Julia Sims: Thoughts on third grade Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Strange News Tweet That: #covfefe signals @realDonaldTrump is back Education Anti-LGBT fliers posted at Mebane high school without school's knowledge, district says 5 On Your Side 'Prisoners in our own home': Property spat renders Cary home unsellable Local News 'Always going to be a hole:' Father stays hopeful 10 years after daughter's murder Entertainment CNN sacks Kathy Griffin over Trump video as backlash builds @NCCapitol House finally releases pay details in spending plan @NCCapitol Proposal to end concealed gun permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/31 @NCCapitol House bill would repeal some local background checks for handguns @NCCapitol Gun bill consideration postponed as doctors worry about communications provisions SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Local News Eastern NC deputy accused of having sex with prisoner during jail transport Local News 4 students responsible for hanged teddy bear, sign at Wakefield HS Education School bus crashes into Cary woods after driver has medical emergency; no kids injured Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Interactive Radar iControl Interactive Doppler Radar Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality Entertainment Kathy Griffin apologizes for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Lifestyles What's fact and fiction about sun safety in the summer of a total eclipse Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Out and About The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Out and About Mithai Indian Café in Cary: A one of a kind dessert bar Out and About After year of repairs, Boylan Bridge Brewpub reopens Go Ask Mom Julia Sims: Thoughts on third grade Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Strange News Tweet That: #covfefe signals @realDonaldTrump is back Education Anti-LGBT fliers posted at Mebane high school without school's knowledge, district says 5 On Your Side 'Prisoners in our own home': Property spat renders Cary home unsellable Local News 'Always going to be a hole:' Father stays hopeful 10 years after daughter's murder Entertainment CNN sacks Kathy Griffin over Trump video as backlash builds @NCCapitol House finally releases pay details in spending plan @NCCapitol Proposal to end concealed gun permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/31 @NCCapitol House bill would repeal some local background checks for handguns @NCCapitol Gun bill consideration postponed as doctors worry about communications provisions WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Cutting EPA to the bone?•Big-data Air Force recruitment•Trump budget targets student loan program Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Analysts: Leaving climate deal… Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn’t add US jobs By PAUL WISEMAN June 1, 2017 12:01 am 4 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What’s more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. “Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.,” says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book “Does Regulation Kill Jobs?” ”While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash.” Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. “We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change,” Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the “unpredictability” that makes business decisions harder. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama’s signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found “no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment” when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. The true impact of cutting EPA's budget. “There’s no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment,” says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. “The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit,” says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. “The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice,” said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. “Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none.” Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. “The business sector is moving ahead anyway,” van Ark says. “Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president.” General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” GE’s chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. “Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost.” Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University’s Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley’s Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. “Global climate change is a threat to the economy,” says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics. “Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus.” Anything that delays the fight against climate change is “an economic negative.” ___ AP Business Writer David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this story. Related Topics Business News Government News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Analysts: Leaving climate deal… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Shulkin details 13 areas of improvement in his diagnosis of VA Top Story DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards SBA Administrator McMahon leading agency by ‘effective and efficient’ example Exclusive OSC employee blows whistle on OSC Workforce Rights/Governance 12 key takeaways from the 2018 budget that could affect you Budget Fed Photo of the Day NRC celebrates Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month Today in History 1790: George Washington signs first US copyright law THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 31, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9261 0.0060 2.24% L 2020 25.6005 0.0130 3.69% L 2030 28.5857 0.0211 5.24% L 2040 30.8092 0.0262 6.00% L 2050 17.6802 0.0168 6.69% G Fund 15.3354 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8967 0.0184 1.75% C Fund 33.5487 -0.0101 7.16% S Fund 43.0305 0.0296 5.78% I Fund 28.1212 0.1036 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Log in Subscribe Subscriber Services Advertise eEdition Archives WEEU 830AM An All Access or Digital Only subscription is required for unlimited access to readingeagle.com. Current subscriber Activate Now Not a subscriber Subscribe Today (click here) Subscriber Services Make a payment Vacation stop Delivery Complaints Sign up for Autopay Purchase a Subscription Purchase a Gift Subscription News@ReadingEagle.com News Opinion Sports Life Weekend Business Weekly Berks Country Obituaries Marketplace Classifieds Special Sections Multimedia Berks & Beyond Tri-County Your Community State Nation/World Politics Money Special Projects Weather Traffic Crime Daily Docket Missed A Day Editorial/Letters Columnists Blogs Today's Sports Berks Game Day College Sports Football Baseball Hockey Basketball Reading 120 U.S. Women's Open NASCAR Hunting & Fishing Today's Life Finding Christmas Berks Country Fest Berks Jazz Fest Advice Art Books Entertainment Fashion Fitness Food Gardening Health Home Movies Tony Lucia's Movie House Music Outdoors Parenting People Pets Berks Pets Thoughts on Paws Religion Seniors Theater Travel Voices Celebrations Holiday Lights Eagle Scout Form Holiday Bazaars Form Centenarian Form Profile 2017 Women in Business Beer Section HOME & Real Estate Drive Berks Pets Kutztown 150th Veterans Day Section Special Sections Art On Exhibit Music In Concert Movies Theater On Stage To-Do List First Draft Events Personals Celebrations Purchase Photos Purchase Reprints Subscribe Reader Rewards Big Deal$ Employment Public Notices Yard Sales Videos and Photo Galleries Podcasts Purchase photos New Hires Form Accolades Form News to Use Form Hands on Projects Form Toot Your Own Horn Form The Sound Room Today's Money Mortgage Rates Interest rates Newsmaker Form Business Spotlight Form Search Reading Eagle Search state wide Suicide: A Whispered Crisis Drug Abuse Crisis The Pope in Philadelphia Newsmakers 2014 Taylor Swift Superstar Gifts of Christmas When Death Means Life Friday Knights Seeking a Vision for Downtown Kutztown Folk Festival Berks Best Graduation 2015 Latinos on the Move THON The Beatles Anniversary Beyond the Bars Failing Care Storm Center Eye on the Weather Penn State Berks Colleges/NCAA Top 25 Men's Basketball Nittany Extra Eagles/NFL Reading Fightins Phillies/MLB Reading Royals Flyers/NHL Sixers/NBA Club Scene Profiles Flyer Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Pottstown at 200 Boyertown 150 Fallen Troubadours Home News   Trump to announce decision on climate accord this afternoon Thursday June 1, 2017 12:01 AM The Associated Press WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon.Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways.” The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. TODAY'S SPONSOR: ADJUST FONT SIZE: A A A Other Stories Cavs the champs but Warriors the favorites in the NBA Finals Some predictions see a short series, others a long road New Jersey Powerball winners use jackpot to help others A year removed from a life-changing windfall, a New Jersey family is choosing to use their nearly $430 million in winnings from the Powerball lottery to help others in their hometown From Hockey 101, Preds bring Stanley Cup Final to Music City From Hockey 101, Preds bring Stanley Cup Final to Music City States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump Even if President Donald Trump withdraws U.S. support for the Paris climate change accord, domestic efforts to battle global warming will continue Welcome guest! | subscribe | log in Want to know the big stories of the day? Sign up for Reading Eagle Top Stories e-newsletter. A daily email will include links to the day's top stories in News, Life, Sports and more. QUICK LINKS   Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Lottery Opinion Obituaries Events Calendar Marketplace BIGdeal$ Celebrations Reader Rewards Reading Eagle Store Reproductions Internet Directory Services Contact Us Subscriber Services Subscriber Loyalty Events FAQs Advertise With Us Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Classified Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise loading... What people are reading Most Popular 1. Laureldale man jailed; police say he pointed shotgun at victim and bit him during struggle 2. Reading District Judge Kyley Scott waives hearing on DUI charge 3. Reading Health System to purchase five hospitals, change name 4. Authorities ID body of man found in Douglass Township 5. Schuylkill Haven man faces multiple charges after high-speed chase on Route 61 6. Police say credit-card skimming device discovered at Sheetz in Morgantown 7. Bollman Hats struggles after Kangol move 8. Reading man killed in crash on Route 183 in Penn Township 9. Shillington man gets probation for possession of brass knuckles 10. Driver leads state police on chase in Schuylkill County Reader Photo Galleries Reading celebration reader photo gallery Reader photos from Christmas at FirstEnergy Stadium Illustrations by freshmen at Boyertown Junior High West Showcase: Artwork of Brandywine Heights students Showcase: Artwork of Daniel Tetreault Showcase: Work of Adam Dautrich Jones Showcase: Work of Anna Laczkowski Showcase: Week of March 15 Readers' photos from the Jan. 23 snowstorm Holiday Lights in Berks 2015 Holiday Lights Around Berks Sketchbook Contest grades 6-8 Trophy Room Around Berks Nature Snow Days Travel News as it Happens Eye on the Weather Submit your photos! Purchase Daily Photos Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Opinion Obituaries Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Events Marketplace Classified Directory Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise Celebrations Reader Rewards Reproductions Big Deal$ Services Contact Us Subscriber Services FAQs Advertise With Us Lottery Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Internet Directory Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Reading Eagle Company 345 Penn Street . Reading . PA . 19603 . 610.371.5000 Contact us | Archives | Subscribe | Privacy policy | Advertise with us ©2013-2014 Reading Eagle Company, All Rights Reserved - These links are not endorsements of any products or services in such sites , and no information in such site has been endorsed or approved by this site.
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Facing the heat on warming deal Allies upset as Trump decides on Paris Accord May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: Donald Trump, Social media - no comments By JILL COLVIN and JULIE PACE Associated Press Demonstrators gather to attend a protest against U.S. President Donald Trump ahead of the meeting of NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization) heads of state and government on May 24, 2017 in Brussels, Belgium. (Romy Arroyo Fernandez/NurPhoto/Sipa USA/TNS) President Donald Trump looks on during a meeting with Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc of Vietnam in the Cabinet Room of the White House on May 31, 2017 in Washington, D.C. (Olivier Douliery/Abaca Press/TNS) WASHINGTON – U.S. allies around the world are sounding alarms as President Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways” but promising a decision “very soon.” The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges – though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, `I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground – perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement. – in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels – about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year – enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. — Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Local Lawyer gains delay in case of client’s missing money May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: Police, Waterbury Superior Court Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT, Wolcott CT - no comments WATERBURY — A lawyer under police investigation was given another chance Wednesday to postpone his criminal case that stemmed from his alleged attempt to drive at two police cars. The law license of Alan Giacomi, 43, is currently suspended as… Read Post → Waterbury teacher accused of theft from bank account May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: Police, Waterbury Arts Magnet School, Waterbury Superior Court Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT, Watertown CT - no comments Police have charged a Waterbury teacher with stealing about $7,000 from the bank account of someone she knows. Police charged Kimberley Holden, 51, of 44 Lancaster St. in Oakville with third-degree larceny. The owner of the bank account reported that… Read Post → Woodbury man charged in identity theft case May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: Crime, Heritage Village, Police Towns: Bethlehem CT, Southbury CT, Woodbury CT - no comments SOUTHBURY — A Woodbury man turned himself in on a warrant at Southbury Police Department Tuesday, stemming from an identity theft case on March 26. Colin J. Goyette, 26, of 40 Curtiss Meadows, was charged with third-degree burglary, fourth-degree larceny,… Read Post → Driver exits car on I-84, dies after another car strikes him May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: I-84, Police, Sandy Hook Towns: Newtown CT, Southbury CT - no comments NEWTOWN — A pedestrian died in a crash on the Interstate 84 east ramp for Exit 11 Tuesday morning. Police said Gerard M. Mauskapf, 64, of 29 Cherry St. in Red Hook, N.Y. pulled over to the right shoulder in… Read Post → High school students hope to collect $100,000 for charity May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: Torrington High School, Torrington schools Towns: Torrington CT - no comments TORRINGTON — Torrington High School’s “Raiders Rally for Torrington” will be held on Friday and the students’ charitable donations are expected to exceed $10,000. The biennial event helps local organizations, including Susan B. Anthony, FISH and Friendly Hands Food Bank… Read Post → Residents vote down Beacon Falls budget May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: Police, Taxes Towns: Beacon Falls CT, Lower Valley - no comments BEACON FALLS – Residents overwhelmingly nixed a budget at a town-hall meeting Wednesday that would’ve raised taxes by 3.1 mills. “I think they’re spending too much money,” said Ed Companik of Chatfield Farms. The proposed $6.8 million municipal spending budget… Read Post → 47 votes short in Plymouth Residents again reject budget; council to set spending May 31, 2017 - Local, Top Stories - Tagged: Plymouth, Taxes, terryville, Terryville High School Towns: Plymouth CT, Terryville CT - no comments PLYMOUTH – Residents rejected the proposed 2017-18 town budget for a second time by 47 votes in Wednesday’s referendum. Taxpayers shot down the $41,025,552 spending package, 488-441, for a total turnout of 929. “It was pretty close,” Mayor David V…. Read Post → Autism speaks Child’s fixation on sign leads to Wolcott repair May 31, 2017 - Local, Top Stories Towns: Greater Waterbury, Southington CT, Waterbury CT, Wolcott CT - no comments WOLCOTT – Before he could speak in coherent sentences, 8-year-old Desmond Conway noticed a street sign on the route to grandma’s house that wasn’t right. The sign outside 103 Spindle Hill Road, warning of a winding road ahead, was upside… Read Post → Only 1 Goshen budget naysayer Spending plan passes easily at town meeting May 31, 2017 - Local - Tagged: Dannel Malloy, Goshen, Goshen Center School, Region 6, Taxes Towns: Goshen CT, Litchfield Hills - no comments GOSHEN – Voters approved an $11,085,855 town budget for 2017-18 and returned Christopher Sanders to the Region 6 Board of Education during a town meeting on Wednesday night. The approved budget increases spending by $289,415, or 2.7 percent, from the… Read Post → Illusions to stay closed Liquor Control Commission weighs in on troubled Waterbury bar May 31, 2017 - Local, Top Stories - Tagged: Police, Social media, Taxes Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT - no comments WATERBURY – The owner of Illusions Sports Bar had hoped to reopen his nightclub Wednesday after a “stop work” order was issued against it, but the state Department of Labor said the issues discovered there have not been corrected. The… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Lawyer gains delay in case of client’s missing money 3 hours ago Waterbury teacher accused of theft from bank account 3 hours ago Woodbury man charged in identity theft case 3 hours ago Driver exits car on I-84, dies after another car strikes him 4 hours ago High school students hope to collect $100,000 for charity 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community    Graduations    Honor rolls Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Have state employee unions given up enough? Yes, they have lost too much No, there is more money to squeeze out View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments raycity222 on Relieved to learn lawmakers killed bear-hunting bill raycity222 on Immigrant students raycity222 on GOP has right Rx for Connecticut kitty on Trend in CEO pay endangers nation freepress on Democrats suffer as Republicans did Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 05/31/2017 04-33-39-46-60 PB-06Next Drawing: Sat. Jun. 3Next Jackpot: $PENDING Mega Millions for 05/30/2017 05-20-32-37-67 MB-05 MP-5Next Drawing: Fri. Jun. 2Next Jackpot: $74.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $45.9 Lotto! for 05/30/2017 05-09-13-21-33-38Next Drawing: Fri. Jun. 2Next Jackpot: $2.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,955,000 Lucky for Life for 05/29/2017 20-25-29-30-37 LB-01Next Drawing: Thu. Jun. 1 Cash5 for 05/31/2017 06-08-10-11-30 Upcoming Events Jun 1 Thu 9:30 am Exhibit: 50th anniversary of Her... @ Southington Public Library Exhibit: 50th anniversary of Her... @ Southington Public Library Jun 1 @ 9:30 am – 5:30 pm The Village during its initial years, its design and landscape, the interests of its residents. Ends June 28. 11:30 am Mom.life playdate @ The Lincoln room Mom.life playdate @ The Lincoln room Jun 1 @ 11:30 am – 1:30 pm https://www.eventbrite.com/e/momlife-playdate-tickets-34215272802 12:00 pm Goshen Garden Club @ Goshen Church of Christ Congregational Goshen Garden Club @ Goshen Church of Christ Congregational Jun 1 @ 12:00 pm Luncheon will be followed by a business meeting and a program on Dahlias. A $5 donation is suggested from non-members. 4:00 pm Nature’s Nursery @ White Memorial Conservation Center Nature’s Nursery @ White Memorial Conservation Center Jun 1 @ 4:00 pm – 5:00 pm Ages 3-6, with caregiver. Story, live animal, activity. $7-$45. Also, July 6, Aug. 24. 6:00 pm Documentary @ Gunn Memorial Library Documentary @ Gunn Memorial Library Jun 1 @ 6:00 pm What Remains: The Life and Work of Sally Mann, illiminates aspects of the creative process of photographer Sally Mann. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Malloy scrambling to keep Aetna's jobs in state Wolcott Teacher of the Year resigns amid probe of thefts at PTO Trump says comic should be ashamed for severed head video Woods found asleep at the wheel, no alcohol in his system What about election meddling by United States? Today Week Month All Wolcott Teacher of the Year resigns amid probe of thefts at PTO Authorities close Illusions Mark J. Roberge Southbury diner owner suffers burns 2 arrested on shoplifting counts after traffic stop on Main Street Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican-American 389 Meadow St., Waterbury CT 06722 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AP News in Brief at 12:04 a.m. EDT By Associated Press Published: 00:05 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 00:15 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact - fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges - though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ___ Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology - and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains - with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. ___ 10 Things to Know for Thursday Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Thursday: 1. KEY PLAYER COULD EXIT GLOBAL WARMING PACT The White House signals that Trump is likely to pull the U.S. out of the landmark Paris climate accord. 2. TROUBLING QUESTION TRAILS DEADLY ATTACK IN KABUL Investigators will seek to understand how insurgents managed to get an explosives-packed tanker truck into one of the best-protected areas of the Afghan capital. ___ In US and abroad, a worrisome time for LGBT activists In the United States and many other parts of the world, this is a worrisome time for LGBT activists, as the pace of civil rights victories has grown uneven and reports of anti-LGBT violence and persecution surface relentlessly. In the past two months, there have been large-scale detentions of gay men in Nigeria and Bangladesh, and chilling accounts of roundups and torture of scores of gays in Chechnya. In Indonesia, a major police raid on a gay sauna was followed two days later by the public caning of two gay men. More than 70 countries continue to criminalize gays' sexual activity. Taiwan is now on track to become the first country in Asia to legalize same-sex marriage, due to a May 24 court ruling. Worldwide, gay and lesbian couples can marry in only 22 of the world's nearly 200 countries. No nation in Eastern Europe is among them, and there is only one in Africa: South Africa. Collectively, recent developments have changed the way some lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender activists are viewing the annual Pride Month events coming up in June. It's usually a time of celebration, but this year InterPride, which helps organize Pride events worldwide, says people should participate "to tell the world that they will not be silent in the face of oppression." ___ House committee issues subpoenas; Comey OK'd to testify WASHINGTON (AP) - The House intelligence committee said Wednesday it is issuing subpoenas for former national security adviser Michael Flynn and President Donald Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, as well as their businesses, as part of its investigation into Russian activities during last year's election. In addition to those four subpoenas, the committee has issued three others - to the National Security Agency, the FBI and the CIA - for information about requests that government officials made to "unmask" the identities of U.S. individuals named in classified intelligence reports, according to a congressional aide. The subpoenas were announced as the special counsel overseeing the government's investigation into possible Trump campaign ties to Russia has approved former FBI Director James Comey to testify before the Senate intelligence committee, according to a Comey associate. At a Wednesday briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer said inquiries about the Russia investigation must be directed to Marc Kasowitz, another of Trump's personal attorneys. It marked the first time the White House had officially acknowledged that outside counsel had been retained. Calls and emails to Kasowitz's New York firm were not immediately returned Wednesday. The Comey associate, who wasn't authorized to discuss details of the testimony and spoke on condition of anonymity, declined to discuss the content of Comey's planned testimony. The associate did say that Robert Mueller, whom the Justice Department appointed earlier this month to lead the government's inquiry, is allowing Comey to make certain statements. ___ Painful words: How a 1980 letter fueled the opioid epidemic Nearly 40 years ago, a respected doctor wrote a letter to the New England Journal of Medicine with some very good news: Out of nearly 40,000 patients given powerful pain drugs in a Boston hospital, only four addictions were documented. Doctors had been wary of opioids, fearing patients would get hooked. Reassured by the letter, which called this "rare" in those with no history of addiction, they pulled out their prescription pads and spread the good news in their own published reports. And that is how a one-paragraph letter with no supporting information helped seed a nationwide epidemic of misuse of drugs like Vicodin and OxyContin by convincing doctors that opioids were safer than we now know them to be. On Wednesday, the journal published an editor's note about the 1980 letter and an analysis from Canadian researchers of how often it has been cited - more than 600 times, often inaccurately. Most used it as evidence that addiction was rare, and most did not say it only concerned hospitalized patients, not outpatient or chronic pain situations such as bad backs and severe arthritis that opioids came to be used for. "This pain population with no abuse history is literally at no risk for addiction," one citation said. "There have been studies suggesting that addiction rarely evolves in the setting of painful conditions," said another. ___ Philippine airstrike kills 11 soldiers in 'friendly fire' MARAWI, Philippines (AP) - A Philippine air force plane dropping bombs on Islamic extremists killed 11 soldiers and wounded seven others in "friendly fire" as government forces were struggling to rout the militants who have laid a weeklong siege in a southern city, the military said Thursday. The Marchetti S-211 jet was on a bombing run over militant positions in Marawi city Wednesday when one bomb hit army troops locked in close-range combat with the extremists who have taken cover in buildings and houses, military spokesman Brig. Gen. Restituto Padilla said. The plane had made three successful bombing runs before dropping the wayward bomb. Padilla said the military has ordered an investigation of the friendly fire, which reflects the difficulty faced by government forces to contain the insurrection despite their overwhelming number and firepower. "Despite the stringent procedure followed, there happens even with the best of armed forces, a case of friendly fire hitting our own troops," Padilla told The Associated Press. Military chief of staff Gen. Eduardo Ano has ordered an investigation partly to prevent another incident, Padilla said, as government forces, backed by more than 30 assault aircraft, continue to advance toward the remaining positions of the militants, 89 of whom have been killed in the intense fighting with several others surrendering and now providing intelligence to the military. At least 25 soldiers and five policemen have been killed in clashes. ___ Train stabbing survivor: Portland has 'white savior complex' PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - A man who was stabbed in the neck while trying to stop a man from shouting anti-Muslim insults at two young women on a Portland, Oregon, light-rail train said Wednesday that the city should focus on the girls, not him. An emotional Micah Fletcher said in a six-minute video on his Facebook page that Portland has a "white savior complex" and residents are heaping praise on him, but the real victims are the women. He says they must be traumatized from being targets of hate and from the deaths of two other men who also tried to intervene Friday. "These people need to be reminded that this is about them, that they are the real victims here," he said. Jeremy Joseph Christian is accused of stabbing to death Ricky Best, 53, and Taliesin Namkai-Meche, 23. Prosecutors say he attacked them after they confronted him for harassing two young black women, one of whom wore a Muslim head covering. Fletcher, a 21-year-old student at Portland State University and a poet, also stood up to Christian. His wound was within millimeters of being fatal, court documents say. He has been released from the hospital and attended Christian's first court hearing, where a scar on his neck was visible. ___ A new balance of terror: Why North Korea clings to its nukes PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) - Early one winter morning, Kim Jong Un stood at a remote observation post overlooking a valley of rice paddies near the Chinese border. The North Korean leader beamed with delight as he watched four extended range Scud missiles roar off their mobile launchers, comparing the sight to a team of acrobats performing in unison. Minutes later the projectiles splashed into the sea off the Japanese coast, 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) from where he was standing. It was an unprecedented event. North Korea had just run its first simulated nuclear attack on an American military base. This scene from March 6, described in government propaganda, shows how the North's seemingly crazy, suicidal nuclear program is neither crazy nor suicidal. Rather, this is North Korea's very deliberate strategy to ensure the survival of its ruling regime. Back in the days of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's "eternal president" and Kim Jong Un's grandfather, the ruling regime decided it needed two things to survive: reliable, long-range missiles and small, but potent, nuclear warheads. For a small and relatively poor country, that was, indeed, a distant and ambitious goal. But it detonated its first nuclear device on Oct. 9, 2006. ___ Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video JUPITER, Fla. (AP) - His speech slow and slurred, Tiger Woods couldn't follow simple instructions or keep his balance during a dazed and disoriented encounter with police before he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. The video images came from dash-cam footage that Jupiter police released Wednesday night, and they show Woods with little capacity to stand still without swaying, repeat simple instruction or put one foot in front of the other. The footage came from his arrest Monday in the dark of early morning when Jupiter police noticed his Mercedes parked on the side of a six-lane road, part of it in the road and part of it in the bicycle lane. Police found the Woods sound asleep behind the wheel, according to an incident report. The engine was running, the brake lights were on and the right turn signal was blinking. Police also released photos of his car that showed both tires flat with minor damage around the bumpers. When the officer asks Woods where he had been, the 14-time major champion says, "LA." He says he was headed down to Orange County. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Johnny Depp whistleblower claims the actor's sister 'used his money to pay for personal expenses' and says 'she was told not to question a thing' Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree 'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by Eastern Oregon Marketplace Home News Nation/World AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT Published on May 31, 2017 8:11PM Last changed on June 1, 2017 12:04AM Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday WASHINGTON (AP)  President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact  fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges  though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ___ Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs WASHINGTON (AP)  President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology  and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains  with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. ___ 10 Things to Know for Thursday Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Thursday: 1. KEY PLAYER COULD EXIT GLOBAL WARMING PACT The White House signals that Trump is likely to pull the U.S. out of the landmark Paris climate accord. 2. TROUBLING QUESTION TRAILS DEADLY ATTACK IN KABUL Investigators will seek to understand how insurgents managed to get an explosives-packed tanker truck into one of the best-protected areas of the Afghan capital. ___ House committee issues subpoenas; Comey OK'd to testify WASHINGTON (AP)  The House intelligence committee said Wednesday it is issuing subpoenas for former national security adviser Michael Flynn and President Donald Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, as well as their businesses, as part of its investigation into Russian activities during last year's election. In addition to those four subpoenas, the committee has issued three others  to the National Security Agency, the FBI and the CIA  for information about requests that government officials made to "unmask" the identities of U.S. individuals named in classified intelligence reports, according to a congressional aide. The subpoenas were announced as the special counsel overseeing the government's investigation into possible Trump campaign ties to Russia has approved former FBI Director James Comey to testify before the Senate intelligence committee, according to a Comey associate. At a Wednesday briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer said inquiries about the Russia investigation must be directed to Marc Kasowitz, another of Trump's personal attorneys. It marked the first time the White House had officially acknowledged that outside counsel had been retained. Calls and emails to Kasowitz's New York firm were not immediately returned Wednesday. The Comey associate, who wasn't authorized to discuss details of the testimony and spoke on condition of anonymity, declined to discuss the content of Comey's planned testimony. The associate did say that Robert Mueller, whom the Justice Department appointed earlier this month to lead the government's inquiry, is allowing Comey to make certain statements. ___ Painful words: How a 1980 letter fueled the opioid epidemic Nearly 40 years ago, a respected doctor wrote a letter to the New England Journal of Medicine with some very good news: Out of nearly 40,000 patients given powerful pain drugs in a Boston hospital, only four addictions were documented. Doctors had been wary of opioids, fearing patients would get hooked. Reassured by the letter, which called this "rare" in those with no history of addiction, they pulled out their prescription pads and spread the good news in their own published reports. And that is how a one-paragraph letter with no supporting information helped seed a nationwide epidemic of misuse of drugs like Vicodin and OxyContin by convincing doctors that opioids were safer than we now know them to be. On Wednesday, the journal published an editor's note about the 1980 letter and an analysis from Canadian researchers of how often it has been cited  more than 600 times, often inaccurately. Most used it as evidence that addiction was rare, and most did not say it only concerned hospitalized patients, not outpatient or chronic pain situations such as bad backs and severe arthritis that opioids came to be used for. "This pain population with no abuse history is literally at no risk for addiction," one citation said. "There have been studies suggesting that addiction rarely evolves in the setting of painful conditions," said another. ___ A new balance of terror: Why North Korea clings to its nukes PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP)  Early one winter morning, Kim Jong Un stood at a remote observation post overlooking a valley of rice paddies near the Chinese border. The North Korean leader beamed with delight as he watched four extended range Scud missiles roar off their mobile launchers, comparing the sight to a team of acrobats performing in unison. Minutes later the projectiles splashed into the sea off the Japanese coast, 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) from where he was standing. It was an unprecedented event. North Korea had just run its first simulated nuclear attack on an American military base. This scene from March 6, described in government propaganda, shows how the North's seemingly crazy, suicidal nuclear program is neither crazy nor suicidal. Rather, this is North Korea's very deliberate strategy to ensure the survival of its ruling regime. Back in the days of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's "eternal president" and Kim Jong Un's grandfather, the ruling regime decided it needed two things to survive: reliable, long-range missiles and small, but potent, nuclear warheads. For a small and relatively poor country, that was, indeed, a distant and ambitious goal. But it detonated its first nuclear device on Oct. 9, 2006. ___ Train stabbing survivor: Portland has 'white savior complex' PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  A man who was stabbed in the neck while trying to stop a man from shouting anti-Muslim insults at two young women on a Portland, Oregon, light-rail train said Wednesday that the city should focus on the girls, not him. An emotional Micah Fletcher said in a six-minute video on his Facebook page that Portland has a "white savior complex" and residents are heaping praise on him, but the real victims are the women. He says they must be traumatized from being targets of hate and from the deaths of two other men who also tried to intervene Friday. "These people need to be reminded that this is about them, that they are the real victims here," he said. Jeremy Joseph Christian is accused of stabbing to death Ricky Best, 53, and Taliesin Namkai-Meche, 23. Prosecutors say he attacked them after they confronted him for harassing two young black women, one of whom wore a Muslim head covering. Fletcher, a 21-year-old student at Portland State University and a poet, also stood up to Christian. His wound was within millimeters of being fatal, court documents say. He has been released from the hospital and attended Christian's first court hearing, where a scar on his neck was visible. ___ Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video JUPITER, Fla. (AP)  His speech slow and slurred, Tiger Woods couldn't follow simple instructions or keep his balance during a dazed and disoriented encounter with police before he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. The video images came from dash-cam footage that Jupiter police released Wednesday night, and they show Woods with little capacity to stand still without swaying, repeat simple instruction or put one foot in front of the other. The footage came from his arrest Monday in the dark of early morning when Jupiter police noticed his Mercedes parked on the side of a six-lane road, part of it in the road and part of it in the bicycle lane. Police found the Woods sound asleep behind the wheel, according to an incident report. The engine was running, the brake lights were on and the right turn signal was blinking. Police also released photos of his car that showed both tires flat with minor damage around the bumpers. When the officer asks Woods where he had been, the 14-time major champion says, "LA." He says he was headed down to Orange County. ___ LeBron James' Los Angeles home vandalized with slur OAKLAND, Calif. (AP)  LeBron James wanted to be with his family, to hug his wife and three kids back in Ohio. Visibly shaken by an event he couldn't control, Cleveland's star struggled Wednesday to focus on his seventh straight NBA Finals or the Golden State Warriors. For the game's best player, basketball was overshadowed by racism. On the eve of the Cavaliers and Warriors meeting for the third straight year, police said James' mansion in Los Angeles was vandalized in the morning with a racial slur spray painted onto the front gate. Nearly a year since he sat at the same podium inside Oracle Arena and addressed Muhammad Ali's impact as an activist following the heavyweight champion's death, James discussed the daily challenges of being black in the U.S. ___ Jerry Garcia's guitar fetches $1.9M at New York auction NEW YORK (AP)  A guitar that Jerry Garcia played everywhere from San Francisco's Winterland Ballroom to Egypt's Great Pyramids fetched over $1.9 million at an auction Wednesday night. The Grateful Dead frontman's guitar  named Wolf  was sold at the Brooklyn Bowl, a bowling alley, restaurant and music venue. The sale price includes the buyer's premium. The proceeds are earmarked for the Montgomery, Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center. The guitar was owned by devoted Deadhead Daniel Pritzker, a philanthropist, musician and film director who bought the instrument in 2002 for $790,000. "I've been a fan of The Dead since I was a kid, and playing this iconic guitar over the past 15 years has been a privilege," said Pritzker. "But the time is right for Wolf to do some good." SPLC President Richard Cohen said the organization is grateful Pritzker "is willing to part with this piece of music history to support the SPLC's mission fighting hate and bigotry." Marketplace Jobs Garage Sales Real Estate Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by Eastern Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending SUNDAY UPDATE: Police identify Hermiston man killed in shooting ( 23857 ) Memorial Weekend crash kills two motorcyclists, injures several others ( 14498 ) Red flag warning in effect Tuesday afternoon for parts of Eastern Oregon ( 13400 ) Lybrand goes to court in wake of bust ( 13124 ) Lybrand faces sex crimes, witness tampering charges ( 12872 ) New gun leads to new charges in Nelson homicide ( 12640 ) Lybrand faces sex crimes, witness tampering charges ( 106 ) Memorial Weekend crash kills two motorcyclists, injures several others ( 83 ) Three Pendleton businesses plan expansion with new buildings ( 44 ) Unease about white supremacy grows after Portland stabbings ( 33 ) Seasonal campfire restrictions begin Thursday in national forests ( 18 ) SOFTBALL: Rockets reach third-straight title round ( 10 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Executive branch Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Executive branch Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File By Jill Colvin and Julie Pace, Associated Press Posted: 05/31/17, 7:07 AM PDT | Updated: 15 hrs ago # Comments WASHINGTON >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways.” The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Advertisement Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Related Call my cellphone, Trump tells world leaders Trump tweets ‘covfefe,’ social media goes wild Kathy Griffin, fired by CNN over Trump video, also dropped by Squatty Potty 100 percent clean power bill wins in state Senate Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
RSS Email Follow us Facebook About Press Release Writing Press Release Distribution Submit Your Press Release Advertise Contact Chicago Press Release Services Chicago's leading press release newswire service; professional press release services, press release distribution and newswire services. Featured Local News Business Entertainment Lifestyle Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology Thursday, June 01, 2017, 02:00 AM ,  You are here:Home Local News Girl ‘Hacked’ at Uber Driver With Stolen Machete: Prosecutor 0 Girl ‘Hacked’ at Uber Driver With Stolen Machete: Prosecutor Published on May 31, 2017 A 16-year-old girl charged with murder in the fatal stabbing of an Uber driver in north suburban Lincolnwood, Illinois, was denied bond Wednesday. Police said Eliza Wasni, who was charged as an adult Wednesday, was located near the crime scene in possession of two weapons believed to have been used in the killing of 34-year-old Grant Nelson. Prosecutors say police found Wasni holding a knife and machete they allege she stole from the Wal-Mart where Nelson picked her up and chose him as a random victim. She had to be tased by officers, prosecutors say. Authorities said Nelson, of Wilmette, was driving Wasni near Touhy and Lincoln when she began to “hack at him” from the back seat around 3:22 a.m. Officers responded to the scene after someone reported a man was screaming for help in the area. Nelson was taken to St. Francis Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries around 7:55 a.m., police said. “We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson,” a spokeswoman for Uber said in a statement. “Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time,” she continued, adding that the company is working with police and providing information that could be relevant to the investigation. Grainy surveillance video from a nearby business appeared to show Nelson’s car turning into the driveway leading to Hampton Place Condominiums. Moments later, someone seemed to exit the vehicle and walk away. “The only thing I can see on the video is the building police are investigating in, this car pulls in, almost seems like he dropped off someone there and then just speeds right out pretty quick,” said Mike Mata, of Nuno’s Complete Car Care. “You can see someone walks out of that car and walking really, really slow.” Nelson’s car, a 2015 gray Hyundai Sonata, was found with streaks of blood in the center of Lincoln Avenue, where it sat for several hours in the busy intersection before being towed away. Police said the attack appeared to be “an isolated incident” and there was no indication of any danger to the public. “I want people to know Grant was a good person,” said his sister, Alex Nelson. “He was not a vindictive person. He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.” The stabbing was the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, when a murder-suicide took place in the northern Chicago suburb. Published 4 hours ago | Updated 58 minutes ago Published in: Local News Recent Posts Deadline Looms With No Illinois Budget Deal in Sight United Faces $435K Fine For Failing to Inspect Plane: FAA Illinois DCFS Head Resigns Blackhawks Partner With Lollapalooza on T-Shirt Designs Doctors Say Wounded Amtrak Driver Making Good Progress White Sox Broadcaster ‘Hawk’ Harrelson Set to Retire Girl ‘Hacked’ at Uber Driver With Stolen Machete: Prosecutor Driverless Car Bill Stalls in Springfield Aurora Mom Files Police Report After Child Bullied at School Restaurant Offers Deal in Honor of ‘Covfefe’ Tweet Bookmark and Promote! Retweet this post on Twitter Like this post on Facebook StumbleUpon this post Digg this post Bookmark on del.icio.us Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Submit Comment Latest News Deadline Looms With No Illinois Budget Deal in Sight United Faces $435K Fine For Failing to Inspect Plane: FAA Illinois DCFS Head Resigns Blackhawks Partner With Lollapalooza on T-Shirt Designs Doctors Say Wounded Amtrak Driver Making Good Progress News Categories Business Entertainment Environment Featured Legacy Press Releases Lifestyle Local News Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology wire © 2017 Chicago Press Release Services. All rights reserved. XHTML / CSS Valid.
Don't Miss Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In World More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos ALL News » World News » US News » Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Jadhav case: Pak AG to lead team to ICJ meet on Banned outfits in Pakistan operate openly on Kulbhushan Jadhav providing 'crucial intelligence' India, Pakistan set to enter SCO amid differences ICJ will neither acquit nor release Jadhav: Pak Pak woman, who alleged rape, sentenced to death by Pakistan's nuke tests created balance of power in Petition in Pakistan Supreme Court seeks immediate Pakistan reopens Afghanistan border crossing after Pakistan says Iranian mortar attack kills civilian Halt work on hydro projects in JK: Pak tells India China gives Pak 2 ships for CPEC sea route security How toxic water destroyed Pakistan's largest lake China welcomed the move citing security concerns China happy India not joining Malabar naval LGBT event cancelled in China Men probing Ivanka Trump brands in China held, Aadhar card system may take cues from China's China is behaving like a 'bully' in South China Chinese market opening up for Indian IT firms amid China calls for dialogue after North Korea missile Two dead, 18 hurt in China knife attack: State China slams G7 for 'interfering' in South China Sea Alert for more smog in China's northern province China smog war moves to courts  Smog-hit province of Hebei says has learnt its Car bombs kill several in Baghdad Narendra Modi meets Angela Merkel Ramadan: The month of fasting and blessings Floods wreak havoc in Sri Lanka 30 Best Pictures of the Week (22-28 May, 2017) NATO Summit 2017 Pentagon releases video of ICBM test Michigan: Plane diverted after lithium battery scare Death toll in Sri Lanka rises after mudslides Stranded climbers rescued off Colorado peak Massive explosion near Indian embassy in Kabul Caught on cam: Blast outside ice cream shop in Baghdad Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday US President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to 'a lot of people both ways.'AP | Updated: Jun 1, 2017, 08.38 AM IST President Donald Trump will announce his decision on Paris climate pact (AP Photo) WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to ``a lot of people both ways.'' The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on ``caveats in the language,'' one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't ``comprehensively understand'' the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him ``in clear, simple sentences'' during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. ``It looks like that attempt failed,'' Juncker said. ``This notion, `I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen.'' Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had ``yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,'' and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels about 1.6 billion tons. ``Paris more than anything is a symbol,'' said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, ``Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.'' Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a ``historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.'' Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a ``hoax'' created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were ``evolving'' following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration ``would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,'' and if the President had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, ``growing our economy is going to win.'' Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Help this police man save his baby's life! Milaap Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLX Acura 10 Places To Retire and Pay Almost No Taxes BusinessAdviceSource.com More from The Times of India Trump weighing Paris climate agreement exit Yogi pulls plug on Maya’s pacts with 6 pvt power cos The EU: What happened to climate's poster child? From the Web More From The Times of India Join the all-rounder of insuranceState Farm Insurance Get quality online traffic with Times NetworkCOLOMBIA Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Type 2 Diabetes: Look Out for These SymptomsWebMD Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a DisasterTwo Red Dots Indonesian 'rainbow village' is internet sensation Men probing Ivanka Trump brands in China held, missing Airstrikes kill 17 in Syria near de-facto IS capital, Raqqa Trump to world leaders: Call me maybe - on my cellphone Jadhav case: Pak AG to lead team to ICJ meet on June 8 Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia Most Popular Karnataka's Nandini K R tops civil services exam China is behaving like a 'bully' in South China Sea: John McCain 'Be cautious, exercise restraint': China tells India on Bhupen Hazarika bridge Trump weighing Paris climate agreement exit President Donald Trump says his plans for the Paris climate accord will be known "very soon." Trump was responding to questions from reporters about whether he plans to withdraw the U.S. from the landmark global agreement. Kapil Mishra marshaled out of Delhi Assembly The assembly was convened to discuss the Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill. Proceedings were disrupted when a group of AAP legislators collectively attacked Mishra after he raised a poster with allegations of corruption againstArvind Kejriwal. Read Moreunited statesParis climate accordParisglobal pactDonald Trump Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners US faces isolation as Donald Trump readies Paris pact pullout Trump cellphone habits under scrutiny after casual foreign outreach and Twitter flub Trump's cryptic tweet 'covfefe' has everyone puzzled Five questions on Trump's potential move of US Israel embassy 1Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday 2US faces isolation as Donald Trump readies Paris pact pullout 3Trump cellphone habits under scrutiny after casual foreign outreach and Twitter flub 4Trump's cryptic tweet 'covfefe' has everyone puzzled 5Five questions on Trump's potential move of US Israel embassy Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Sopore grenade attack Kapil Mishra Champions Trophy 2017 Infosys Donald Trump Kabul bomb blast Yogi Adityanath Education Ramadan Fasting Rules UBSE Result 2017 Sensex Live: Babri Masjid case How to get Pregnant GSEB HSC Results Jharkhand 12th results services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 Baahubali 2 Collection BSEB Matric Result JAC 10th Results Bihar 12th Result xXx Odisha +2 Result SEBA 10th Result GSEB HSC Result WBBSE 12th Result BSEB 12th Science Result BSEB 12th Arts Result Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
null
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Sunny. High 79F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low around 55F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 1, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 7 Susan Walsh FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) Susan Walsh FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) Olivier Matthys FILE - In this Oct. 20, 2016 file photo, Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila is seen in Brussels. (AP Photo/Olivier Matthys, Fle) Geert Vanden Wijngaert FILE - In this March 1, 2017 file photo Swedish Climate Minister Isabella Lovin talks during an interview with the Associated Press in Brussels. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert, File) Jeff Chiu In this photo taken May 30, 2016, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of Calif. speaks in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Chris Young Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is pictured after delivering a policy announcement in Toronto , on Wednesday May 31 , 2017. McKenna says the Canadian government remains committed to the Paris Accord amid concerns that the U.S. will walk away from the landmark global climate agreement. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP) Susan Walsh President Donald Trump waits for the arrival of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) AP Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday By JILL COLVIN and JULIE PACE Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 Susan Walsh FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) Susan Walsh FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) Olivier Matthys FILE - In this Oct. 20, 2016 file photo, Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila is seen in Brussels. (AP Photo/Olivier Matthys, Fle) Geert Vanden Wijngaert FILE - In this March 1, 2017 file photo Swedish Climate Minister Isabella Lovin talks during an interview with the Associated Press in Brussels. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert, File) Jeff Chiu In this photo taken May 30, 2016, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of Calif. speaks in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Chris Young Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is pictured after delivering a policy announcement in Toronto , on Wednesday May 31 , 2017. McKenna says the Canadian government remains committed to the Paris Accord amid concerns that the U.S. will walk away from the landmark global climate agreement. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP) Susan Walsh President Donald Trump waits for the arrival of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 1 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Government And Politics Climate Environment And Nature Politics × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Spring Grove Soda Pop opens retail store, plans new plant Hartford looking to state to help prevent bankruptcy Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season US home equity is back, so why aren't more people borrowing? Discrimination suits proceed against Fox, minus Roger Ailes Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press May 31, 2017 - 11:12pm Previous 1 of 3 Next WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Jill Colvin And Julie Pace, The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic May 31 Road Work For Wednesday May 30 Road Work For Tuesday May 29 Road Work For Monday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions June 1, 2017 75° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Scattered thunderstorms in the morning, then mainly cloudy during the afternoon with thunderstorms likely. High 84F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 69F. Winds light and variable. Updated: May 31, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 6 Susan Walsh FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) Chris Young Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is pictured after delivering a policy announcement in Toronto , on Wednesday May 31 , 2017. McKenna says the Canadian government remains committed to the Paris Accord amid concerns that the U.S. will walk away from the landmark global climate agreement. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP) Jeff Chiu In this photo taken May 30, 2016, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of Calif. speaks in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Geert Vanden Wijngaert FILE - In this March 1, 2017 file photo Swedish Climate Minister Isabella Lovin talks during an interview with the Associated Press in Brussels. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert, File) Susan Walsh President Donald Trump waits for the arrival of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Olivier Matthys FILE - In this Oct. 20, 2016 file photo, Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila is seen in Brussels. (AP Photo/Olivier Matthys, Fle) AP Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday By JILL COLVIN and JULIE PACE Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 Updated 27 min ago (…) Susan Walsh FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) Chris Young Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is pictured after delivering a policy announcement in Toronto , on Wednesday May 31 , 2017. McKenna says the Canadian government remains committed to the Paris Accord amid concerns that the U.S. will walk away from the landmark global climate agreement. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP) Jeff Chiu In this photo taken May 30, 2016, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of Calif. speaks in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Geert Vanden Wijngaert FILE - In this March 1, 2017 file photo Swedish Climate Minister Isabella Lovin talks during an interview with the Associated Press in Brussels. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert, File) Susan Walsh President Donald Trump waits for the arrival of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Olivier Matthys FILE - In this Oct. 20, 2016 file photo, Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila is seen in Brussels. (AP Photo/Olivier Matthys, Fle) WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Government And Politics Climate Environment And Nature Air Pollution Air Quality Environment Pollution Environmental Concerns Emissions Reduction Energy And The Environment Climate Change International Relations United Nations Climate Change Conference Legislature Fossil Fuel Power Generation Electric Power Generation Electric Utilities Energy Industry Utilities Economy International Agreements Locations United States North America District Of Columbia Paris France Western Europe Europe China Greater China East Asia Asia Popular Dothan pediatrician has personal stake in new documentary Dothan prostitution sting results in 22 arrests UPDATE: Woman missing after leaving Enterprise High School graduation located Dothan Police: Leads developed quickly after Tuesday shooting Teens arrested in connection with Dothan murder identified Ex-Dothan High and recent Wake Forest graduate Jackson has special bond with local tutor Enterprise High School twins Brian and Alex Lawson record perfect ACT scores AAA Cooper thrilled over recognition by Forbes as a top employer For Cottonwood couple, crosses are a labor of love Entertainment venues growing in number in Enterprise Contests Father's Day Sweepstakes Wiregrass' Wildest Fans Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs     By Paul Wiseman, The Associated Press May 31, 2017 9:41 PM     WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla and aerospace company SpaceX, tweeted that he would leave two White House advisory councils if Trump went ahead with this threat to leave the Paris accord. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favours. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley's Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 per cent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." ___ AP Business Writer David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this story.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   NTT DATA Announces Strategic Investment and Expands Business Alliance with MarkLogic Gensource Announces First Closing of up to $6,000,000 Private Placement Eyelit Inc. Announces Version 5.3 of Its Manufacturing Execution (MES) and Quality Management (QMS) Software           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies (why?) You can change cookie preferences. Continued site use signifies consent. City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... Trump tweets Paris Accord decision to come Thursday afternoon by The Associated Press Posted May 31, 2017 9:41 pm EDT Last Updated May 31, 2017 at 10:08 pm EDT World President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways.” The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges – though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 1, 2017 Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground – perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement – in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels – about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year – enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- LOCAL NATIONAL Boy, 15, shot in west-end neighbourhood May 31, 2017, 3:59 PM Toronto, Peel boards have similar policies that would let Homolka volunteer May 31, 2017, 3:11 PM Ontario budgets likely won't be balanced after this year, watchdog says May 31, 2017, 1:59 PM Ontario police turn to Facebook for leads in cold cases May 31, 2017, 1:38 PM Two young offenders arrested in stabbing at Mississauga high school May 31, 2017, 11:24 AM Mississauga residents on edge after rash of car break-ins May 26, 2017, 9:49 PM Karla Homolka volunteered at her childrens' elementary school: reports May 31, 2017, 3:59 PM Muskox gets out of enclosure at Winnipeg zoo, but can't make great escape May 31, 2017, 3:57 PM Nova Scotia town looking to off-load armoured vehicle donated by Peter MacKay May 31, 2017, 3:45 PM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM City costs for Vancouver 4-20 marijuana protest more than $245,000 May 25, 2017, 8:15 PM Toronto 18 ringleader ordered detained for remainder of prison sentence May 31, 2017, 3:43 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Lawyers take personalized 'Grabher' licence plate case to Supreme Court May 31, 2017, 6:53 AM Health Canada investigating reports of babies burned by Banana Boat suncreen May 31, 2017, 6:47 AM Dog rescued from Scarborough Bluffs, runs immediately back to edge May 30, 2017, 1:46 PM Safety review of Toronto's bike and walking trails starts Monday May 29, 2017, 5:52 AM Red Cross official says fentanyl a risk; first-aiders can refuse CPR May 26, 2017, 8:52 PM Doors open to the city this weekend, but portion of subway closed May 25, 2017, 9:38 AM Blue Jays’ Travis caps monster May with sweep-clinching home run vs. Reds May 31, 2017, 4:00 PM Four expensive players Vegas should consider taking in expansion May 31, 2017, 4:51 PM Can you name every player to hit a 500-level home run at Rogers Centre? May 31, 2017, 11:24 AM Travis, Maile homer as Blue Jays complete sweep of Reds May 31, 2017, 3:50 PM Canucks receive compensatory pick from Blue Jackets for John Tortorella May 31, 2017, 2:12 PM CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over gruesome Trump video May 31, 2017, 5:40 AM Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber, others, to play Manchester charity concert on Sunday May 30, 2017, 11:37 AM Tragically Lit: The Hip strikes partnership with medical marijuana company May 30, 2017, 9:56 AM From screen to page: NFB forays into book publishing May 29, 2017, 2:24 PM Gregg Allman of The Allman Brothers Band dies at age 69 May 27, 2017, 5:11 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   A murder in Illinois may clarify the youth sentencing question posted at 8:41 pm on May 31, 2017 by Jazz Shaw Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES A few days ago I wrote a column about the new sentencing trial for DC sniper Lee Boyd Malvo and the question of whether or not he could actually get out of prison. This elicited more than the usual amount of feedback about youth sentencing guidelines when examined through the various lenses of social justice questions. Malvo is black and some of his victims were white. More to the point, he was 17 years old at the time of his murder spree. Should that matter? The complaints mirrored many others which come up when we examine criminal sentencing. What were the races of the killer and the victims? Were they gay? What were their respective religions? Was one of them trans? All of these factors tend to cloud our discussions. A hateful white youth attacking a Muslim woman gets a very different review than a white cop who shoots a black kid who stole a car. I’m sure you get the idea. This week there is a new tragedy to look at. It took place in the Chicago suburb of Lincolnwood. A 16 year old girl allegedly murdered an Uber driver by stabbing him to death in the wee hours of the morning. It was a horror show to be sure. (CBS local news) A 16-year-old girl has been charged with murder, for allegedly stabbing an Uber driver to death on Tuesday in north suburban Lincolnwood. Eliza Wasni, 16, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of 34-year-old Grant Nelson, of Wilmette, and was scheduled to appear in bond court in Skokie at 1:30 p.m. Wednesday, according to the Cook County State’s Attorney’s office. Lincolnwood police Nelson was stabbed around 3:20 a.m. near the intersection of Touhy and Lincoln avenues. He was taken to St. Francis Hospital in Evanston, where he was pronounced dead around 8 a.m. Tuesday. Please note for the record that I already used the word “allegedly” and you can infer it for the rest of the discussion, as no person is technically guilty until they’ve had their day in court. But in this case, there is video of the young girl stealing the blades used in the murder from the Walmart where she took the second Uber. The weapons were later recovered in her possession. Let’s face it… they’ve got the right girl. You can get a lot more of the details about the suspect, the victim and the murder itself from this profile at Heavy. As for demographics, forget it. Yes, the murder happened near Chicago, but this wasn’t your typical gang hit from the South Side. Unlike those other cases I mentioned above, Eliza Wasni is about as white as they come. So was her victim, Grant Nelson. Neither of them may have been particularly wealthy, but he had a nice car and she lived in a small suburb to the north of the city. Lincolnwood hasn’t had a murder since 2006. We have no clue as to their respective religions and if Eliza is gay or trans or anything else you might care to defend, we don’t know it from the coverage. That’s the point. And these uncertainties are also why the early stages of the investigation are the time to ask these questions. We don’t know. As far as anyone can tell, these were two random white people who didn’t know each other. Was Eliza “crazy” in some fashion? As usual, if you’re willing to hack somebody up with a machete you’re clearly not inside the normal bell curve for behavior. But she was in touch with the real world to the point where she had a credit card, could install and operate an Uber app on her phone, go shopping and pick out a place to kill someone. She might be “crazy” in that regard, but she was aware of her surroundings. Having established all of this as prelude, allow me to ask the assembled masses one question. Why shouldn’t she be treated as an adult and go to jail for the rest of her life? What would set her apart from someone who was twelve or fifteen months older than her, giving her a lighter sentence and some hope for “rehabilitation” in this case? She went out (again… allegedly) in the middle of the night, stole some blades and hacked a man to death. Should she be treated like a child and put back out in society sooner? I’m asking these questions of our audience not so much to determine what should happen to Eliza Wasni at trial, but as a chance for us to examine how we debate and decide questions of crime and punishment in modern society. Have we put on such unassailable blinders that we will leap to defend some people, at least to a degree, based on how well they fit the “profile” of the aggrieved groups we reflexively rush to the aid of? And do we move to assume that others are guilty by virtue of their various demographic characteristics? On top of that, almost infallibly the younger, on the cusp of legal adulthood, are given more slack than full adults. But why? Assuming the charges prove true, the suspect acted as an adult despite being 16. The crime was horrific. Should the punishment not match the crime? And if you can agree with that in this case, perhaps it could temper our passions in discussing other cases in the future where demographics make the questions more… “complicated.” Just something for you to ponder next time a “controversial” crime comes to trial. Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: crime, Illinois, mandatory minimum sentencing, murder, youth Related Posts: The pro-illegal immigration left is officially suffering from schizophrenia When nearly 50 weekend shootings in Chicago is “a sign of progress” GOP taking one more run at passing Kate’s Law Breaking on Hot Air Video: Yep, Hillary’s all-in on the “collusion” theory Report: White House may restore Russian spy compounds in New York and Maryland that were closed by Obama Wonder Woman banned in Lebanon because Gal Gadot is Israeli Blowback   Rep. Adam Schiff is terribly disappointed in Rep. Nunes…again Dem Intel Committee member Adam Schiff: We now have more than circumstantial evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump staffers Trump: I feel “somewhat” vindicated knowing that members of my transition team were incidentally surveilled North Korean missile explodes shortly after launch Preet Bharara didn’t stay unemployed for long Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump ObamaCare health care AHCA Russia neil gorsuch Supreme Court Paul Ryan repeal and replace bill deportation republican gorsuch confirmation GOP Hillary Clinton Germany illegal immigrants GCHQ vote poll ryan illegal immigration Canada adam schiff collusion Devin Nunes committee coordination intelligence investigation nunes briefing communications Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act incidentally legal surveilled launch missile North Korea Rex Tillerson New York University Preet Bharara u.s. attorney achievement Chelsea Clinton hillary lifetime © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 58 mins ago Contiki celebrates 55th birthday with throwback to ads from 1970s 1 hour ago Lion Dairy & Drinks launches campaign to make milk matter again 6 hours ago Creative and production agencies ‘don’t understand mobile’, says GroupM’s head of mobile 6 hours ago First State of Origin clash sheds 360,000 viewers but still easily wins night 6 hours ago Aldi releases new ad reminding Australians not to waste their life in the supermarket OPINION Cut the bullshit about the death of big ideas and the demise of the creative director ‘Don’t call us’: Why brands, marketers and PRs should stop calling editors and journalists AXEL BRUNS The ABC is not siphoning audiences from Fairfax NICOLAS SUZOR After the ‘Facebook Files’, the social media giant must be more transparent STEPHEN VON MUENSTER & BIANCA GOMEZ The lessons from Nine’s Block of Cash giveaway scandal on The Today Show FEATURES 3 days ago AANA CEO contenders emerge as global hunt for Gloster replacement continues 1 week ago Campaign Review: The verdict on HCF, Don Smallgoods, St George Bank and Victorian Government 2 weeks ago Mightysmall: How Special Group’s lead strategist Dave Hartmann launched a brand of his own 2 weeks ago ‘Sorry can be the most powerful move’: what brands can learn from the ongoing United Airlines PR crisis 2 weeks ago Behind the Canberra Raiders’ high-performance partnership with Huawei DR MUMBO 7 hours ago Too many guys one girl, the media company edition 1 day ago Ratings Game: Guess the ratings for State of Origin and win a Mumbrella Sports Marketing Summit pass 1 week ago Psycho killer on the radio 2 weeks ago Today’s not-so exclusive Tom Cruise interview 3 weeks ago It’s only a blackface social media disaster. Calm yo tits F.Y.I. 1 hour ago Fans given a chance to win X-Men prizes in new #ThankHugh campaign 1 hour ago Jesse Northfiled joins Think HQ as project lead 2 hours ago Dropbox recruits Le Tran as new head of communications 2 hours ago Ooh Media reaches 50 New Zealand shopping centres 2 hours ago Universal Pictures searches for Australia’s most ‘Despicable’ creation 7 hours ago AAMI launches SmartPlate Learner driver app in Queensland 7 hours ago Australian Press Council welcomes Dili Declaration on Press Freedom 8 hours ago The Wrong Girl commences season two production 1 day ago Riot Games Oceania partners with Twitter for live streaming of League of Legends Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit August 10, 2017 Finance Marketing Summit August 23, 2017 Automotive Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School July 26, 2017 Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter News Westpac CMO Martine Jager to share bank’s 200-year story at Mumbrella Finance Marketing Summit June 1, 2017 11:09 by Simon Canning 0 Martine Jager, chief marketing officer of Australia’s oldest brand, Westpac, will take delegates behind the scenes on the bank’s marketing strategy to celebrate its bicentennial year in the first keynote presentation to be announced for the Mumbrella Finance Marketing Summit in August. Westpac Group CMO Martine Jager Jager will speak publicly for the first time about the the development of the year-long celebration, the history of Westpac’s marketing and how it has created a foundation for one of Australia’s best-known brands. Opened 200 years ago as the Bank of New South Wales, the bank has grown to become one of Australia’s most prominent and enduring brands. IAG Group chief marketing officer Brent Smart will speak Also joining the Summit will be IAG Group’s first chief marketing officer, former Saatchi & Saatchi New York CEO Brent Smart, who recently joined Australia’s largest insurance group. Drawing on more than 20 years of experience across the globe working with brands including Tide, Cheerios and Walmart, Smart’s keynote will challenge the convention that there’s no such thing as low-involvement products, only low-involvement marketing. Smart’s career, which also saw him running BBDO San Francisco for seven years and working with the creatively revered Colenso BBDO in New Zealand, now sees him charting the course for Australia’s biggest insurance brands including NRMA Insurance, SGIO, SGIC and CGU. David Woodbridge, managing director, The Labs Consultancy Project Also joining the summit to tackle the challenges of innovation in the industry will be David Woodbridge, managing director of The Labs Consultancy Project. Woodbridge has worked with global and local brands such as Telstra, Compaq and British Telecom, designing and building corporate customer experience centres. Elaine Herlihy, PayPal CMO PayPal chief marketing officer Elaine Herlihy will investigate how to make payments emotional and the growing role of emotions in transactions and the changing nature of consumer behaviour. Other speakers will include Google head of finance Colin Barnard on how control is shifting to consumers, and former M&C Saatchi Australia founding partner and Growth Mantra CEO Simon Corah looking at the road map for marketing in the sector over the next five years. The Summit will also see the release of exclusive research from financial services specialist marketing agency Yell Creative which will be presented by Yell founders Elizabeth Clark and Nigel Roberts. Clark and Roberts will reveal where marketers are planning to focus their efforts, what the new emerging channels are, the barriers being faced in areas including trust and engagement and how the rise of the empowered consumer is changing marketing strategy. You can take part in Yell’s 2017 Australian Financial Marketing Survey here. Sessions at the Summit will also include a look at how technology is changing the nature of the relationship between banks and their customers, the evolving role of data in driving connection and case studies looking at some of the industry’s most successful marketing campaigns. Other sessions will review the importance of trust in the sector and look at emerging businesses which are disrupting the way people look at financial services. Last year’s summit was attended by 250 industry leaders who heard from more than 30 top speakers from brands including ING Direct, Westpac, CGU, Citibank, Budget Direct and Mastercard. The conference is being curated by Mumbrella’s Simon Canning who can be reached via simon@mumbrella.com.au. Earlybird tickets, which offer a saving of $100 on the price of a standard ticket, are on sale until July 4.  The Summit will be held on August 10 at Doltone House – Hyde Park in Sydney. Simon Canning Simon is Mumbrella's marketing and advertising editor. In a career spanning journalism and communications over more than 30 years Simon has become one of Australia’s most respected analysts and commentators on the advertising, marketing and media industries. A regular commentator on radio and TV, Simon has also worked in media in the US and UK . topics Brent Smart, David Woodbridge, Elaine Herlihy, Finance Marketing Summit, IAG Group, Marketing, Martine Jager, PayPal, The Labs Consultancy Project, Westpac Share Tweet Share Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 63 Comments Ratings Game: Guess the ratings for State of Origin and win a Mumbrella Sports Marketing Summit pass 61 Comments Why Fairfax management aren’t the real villains 56 Comments What’s going wrong in the world of advertising? 38 Comments Accenture buys The Monkeys and Maud 35 Comments The journey to digital paradise: A little more conversation, a little less rhetoric SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Partners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register June 1st, 2017 Menu Home News Canada 150 Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Business Related Apps of the Week Poll If you were faced with imminent death and/or loss of quality of life due to illness, do you think you could choose to die by medical assistance? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Jill Colvin And Julie Pace, The Associated Press on May 31, 2017. FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) 00000 WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways.” The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges – though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground – perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement – in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels – about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year – enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register June 1st, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Poll Are you concerned by Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the global climate agreement? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jill Colvin And Julie Pace, The Associated Press on May 31, 2017. FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways.” The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges – though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground – perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement – in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels – about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year – enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs Share on Facebook A A Share via Email Print By: Paul Wiseman The Associated Press Published on WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla and aerospace company SpaceX, tweeted that he would leave two White House advisory councils if Trump went ahead with this threat to leave the Paris accord. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favours . Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley's Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 per cent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." ___ AP Business Writer David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this story. Editors' Picks Pulling trucks and lifting boulders: Calgary women train for Strongman competition Wonder Woman: The film and its star live up to a lofty name Meet the new King of the Island, the peacock named Eyeball 'You are Beautiful': Bedford girl pens poem to tackle bullying and body shaming More on Metronews.ca Most Popular We spoke with the guy behind the Parkdale gentrifier crowdfunder, who is very serious 5 simple ways to help the honey bees Winnipegger who witnessed crash involving cyclist penning letter for change Top 12 bike theft spots in Vancouver Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report nation-world Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Lake County Geauga County Cuyahoga County Ohio Nation & World Crime Weather Traffic Opinion Sports High School Sports Ohio State Cavaliers NFL MLB NBA Business Entertainment TV/Movies Lifestyle Celebrations Neighborhood News County Kids Local Guides Lottery Results Horoscopes Obituaries Browns Indians Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Net Me a Job Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Newsstand Locations E-Paper Mobile Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education Gasbuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â nation-world Trump abandoning global climate pact? Decision ‘very soon’ A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Susan Walsh — The Associated Press file By Jill Colvin and Julie Pace, The Associated Press Posted: 05/31/17, 12:19 PM EDT | Updated: 3 hrs ago # Comments WASHINGTON >> U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways” but promising a decision “very soon.” The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. Advertisement American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had “yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is,” and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Subscribe to Home Delivery and SAVE! Top Stories ‹ › Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The News-Herald Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feed Copyright © The News-Herald Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
May 31, 2017 | 78° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn’t add U.S. jobs Associated Press Posted May 31, 2017 May 31, 2017 Updated May 31, 2017 3:29pm ASSOCIATED PRESS President Donald Trump speaks on May 18 in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. WASHINGTON >> President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What’s more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. “Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.,” says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book “Does Regulation Kill Jobs?” ”While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash.” The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. “We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change,” Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said today. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the “unpredictability” that makes business decisions harder. Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla and aerospace company SpaceX, tweeted that he would leave two White House advisory councils if Trump went ahead with this threat to leave the Paris accord. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama’s signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said today that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found “no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment” when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. “There’s no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment,” says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. “The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit,” says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. “The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice,” said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. “Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none.” Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. “The business sector is moving ahead anyway,” van Ark says. “Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president.” General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” GE’s chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. “Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost.” Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University’s Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley’s Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. “Global climate change is a threat to the economy,” says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics. “Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus.” Anything that delays the fight against climate change is “an economic negative.” Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Longtime Hawaiian eatery to close after more than 50 years Debate over private Portlock lane gets heated Judge rebukes Trump but Big Isle coffee farmer’s deportation stands CNN sacks Kathy Griffin over Trump video as backlash builds Huge parcel in Kau back on the market Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Trump says Paris climate accord decision coming Thursday | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Karla Homolka Donald Trump Thunder Bay Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Trump says Paris climate accord decision coming Thursday Julie Pace and Catherine Lucey, The Associated Press Published Wednesday, May 31, 2017 9:07AM EDT Last Updated Wednesday, May 31, 2017 10:24PM EDT WASHINGTON -- U.S. President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact -- fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges -- though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground -- perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement -- in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels -- about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year -- enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. ------ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Related Stories As U.S. threatens withdrawal, Feds still committed to Paris Accord, McKenna says European Commission leader blasts Trump on climate plans Indian PM on climate: would be 'crime' to spoil environment If U.S. quits climate deal, Earth expected to warm dangerously Related Links Full text of the Paris Agreement Photos U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a school choice event in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 3, 2017. (AP / Evan Vucci) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV National News: Homolka at Que. school Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV National News: The search for a meaning Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV National News: Promising MS research Air Date: May 31, 2017 false Driver, protester have confrontation in Parkdale Air Date: May 31, 2017 false Karla Homolka spending time in Montreal classroom Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV National News: Climate pact pullout? Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV National News: Body found near Man. border Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV National News: At least 90 dead in Kabul Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CTV Atlantic: New Glasgow looking to get rid of military hand-me-down Air Date: May 31, 2017 false Extended: Glass falls from Trump hotel in Toronto Air Date: May 31, 2017 false CNN fires Kathy Griffin over gruesome image Air Date: May 31, 2017 More Stories from World Bounty hunters and fugitive killed in hail of bullets at Texas car dealership 16-year-old girl charged with fatally stabbing Uber driver Foreign extremist fighters killed in siege of southern Philippine city Afghans in mourning a day after massive bombing in Kabul Former FBI director James Comey approved to testify before U.S. Senate: associate Trump says Paris climate accord decision coming Thursday Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Homolka's presence at Que. school leaves some outraged false 'An historic mistake': Trump may pull U.S. from climate pact false Caught on Cam: Tense confrontation over rent in Toronto false Covfefe: Trump's new word starts search for deeper meaning May 31: Dozens dead, hundreds injured after blast in Kabul Most Popular Stories 1 Convicted killer Karla Homolka spent time in Montreal elementary school 4 2 Lamborghini collides with hydrant in downtown Vancouver 1 3 Nuts allowed: Montreal school board 'cannot prohibit certain foods' 2 4 CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin for gruesome Trump video 4 5 'Covfefe': Twitter scrambles to 'figure out the true meaning' of Trump typo 3 6 Common acne drug can slow progress of MS in people with early symptoms: study 2 7 You had one job: Paving blunder draws jeers in Montreal 2 8 Gender neutral national anthem bill at risk again 9 Truck bomb kills 90, wounds hundreds in Afghan capital 8 10 B.C. investor fears $1 million at risk in GIC 1 Don't Miss false Muskox sedated after escaping enclosure at Winnipeg zoo false Unwanted light-armoured vehicle up for grabs in N.S. town false Extended: Glass falls from Trump hotel in Toronto CANADA First Nations leaders call for RCMP to probe recent Thunder Bay teen deaths Teen deaths, police probes, racism accusations: What's going on in Thunder Bay? New details emerge of Ghanaian woman found dead near Canadian border WORLD Bounty hunters and fugitive killed in hail of bullets at Texas car dealership 16-year-old girl charged with fatally stabbing Uber driver Foreign extremist fighters killed in siege of southern Philippine city ENTERTAINMENT Jerry Garcia's guitar auctioned off for $1.9M CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin for gruesome Trump video Actress Gal Gadot discovers Wonder Woman's power in costume HEALTH Common acne drug can slow progress of MS in people with early symptoms: study China struggling to end world-leading cigarette habit: study Parents allege sunscreen products caused severe reactions POLITICS Gender neutral national anthem bill at risk again Ottawa’s $1B lumber lifeline risks escalating U.S. trade tensions: C.D. Howe Institute Asylum seeker's death failure of Ottawa to get Trump to change policies: Pallister SCI-TECH Air pollution leads to 7,700 deaths in Canada every year: report Cops packing naloxone to protect police dogs in drug raids Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future BUSINESS Cuban entrepreneurs launch first private business group Uber posts multimillion dollar loss as revenue grow and finance head quits U.S. softwood lumber duties to cost 2,200 jobs, Conference Board of Canada says AUTOS Lamborghini collides with hydrant in downtown Vancouver Lawyers take 'Grabher' licence plate case to N.S. Supreme Court Plan a Canada 150 road trip along these seven incredible routes SPORTS Guentzel leads Penguins past Predators in 4-1 win Mascot for New York Mets fired after flipping off fan Cops: Racial slur sprayed on LeBron James' Los Angeles home Lifestyle Plan a Canada 150 road trip along these seven incredible routes Tips for bathing suit season: Don't let swimsuit anxiety suck the fun out of summer Toronto sidewalk artist brings message of love to Manchester CTV News on the Go false Acne drug shows promise for MS patients Quebec maple syrup producers enjoy record year CNN fires Kathy Griffin over gruesome image In Pictures   Homes of the Month: Condos for $500K Rare solar storm creates painted skies 2017 Conservative convention in Toronto Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 63° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mainly clear. Tonight Mainly clear skies. Low 49F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 31, 2017 @ 9:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports AP The Latest: Sister calls Uber driver's death horrifying, sad May 31, 2017 Updated 41 min ago 0 LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. (AP) — The Latest on charges filed against teenager in death of Uber driver. (all times local): 8 p.m. Horrifying and saddening is how the sister of an Uber driver is describing his death, allegedly at the hands of a teenage Chicago girl who is charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Prosecutors said Wednesday 16-year-old Eliza Wasni walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at Grant Nelson. The 34-year-old Nelson of Wilmette died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker. Police say they tracked down Wasni after she crashed Nelson's car and tried to flee on foot. She was in possession of the machete and knife. Nelson's sister, Alexandra, says his death is a loss of intelligence, conversation, nuance and thoughtfulness that he brought to into many lives. Assistant Public Defender David McMahon says Wasni has no previous criminal record, attends high school and lives with her mother. ___ 3:15 p.m. Prosecutors say a teenage girl used a stolen machete and a knife during a fatal attack on a suburban Chicago Uber driver. Eliza Wasni is charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the death of Grant Nelson of Wilmette. A Cook County judge on Wednesday ordered the 16-year-old Wasni of Chicago held without bond. Assistant State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham says the 34-year-old Nelson picked up the girl near a Walmart in Skokie, from which she stole the machete. Within minutes, she was attacking Nelson. He managed to stop his car and run into a condominium building lobby where he sought help. Cunningham says Wasni drove off in Nelson's car, struck a median and then ran off. She was apprehended moments later after removing a bloody shirt. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Authorities say Nelson was able to describe his attacker to police before dying at a nearby hospital. A public defender would only say Wasni attended a Chicago high school and lives with a single mother. ___ 1:26 p.m. Authorities say a 16-year-old girl has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder and accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death in suburban Chicago. Lincolnwood police say they responded to a report of a man screaming for help at about 3:20 a.m. Tuesday when they found 34-year-old Grant Nelson of Wilmette with multiple stab wounds. They say Nelson told them he was a driver for the ride-sharing service Uber and that his passenger stabbed him. Police say they located Eliza Wasni near the crime scene in possession of two weapons they believe she used in the stabbing. Nelson died later at a nearby hospital. The Cook County state's attorney's office says Wasni is scheduled to appear in bond court Wednesday afternoon in Skokie. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Juvenile Crime Crime Violent Crime Assault And Battery Homicide × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Wilton boys seek top-five finish at state golf tourney Tuesday's prep report Muscatine overcomes early jitters, splits baseball doubleheader Muscatine girls soccer gets 5-0 win on senior night Muscatine survives scare from Dubuque Senior in substate quarterfinal More on this topic Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday The Latest: Sister calls Uber driver's death horrifying, sad Interior Secretary Zinke orders petroleum reviews in Alaska California governor looks abroad for climate changes allies Study: New taxes could fund universal California health care Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Muscatine family celebrates Lacina's 'Survivor' win Morgan ready to take on 'dream job' as Muscatine athletic director Muscatine police looking for information in assault investigation Highway 61 traffic cam turned off while Muscatine appeals court ruling Longtime waitress spreads her wings to open Birdsley's Diner Lynne Weber Softball preview: Loaded Muskies aiming for state Educators contend with dabbing, bottle-flipping, fidget spinners Muscatine man sentenced for child endangerment and domestic assault 25 year old pleads guilty to sexual abuse and theft Currents +11 World Photos: Inside Iraq's slow grind to retake IS-held Mosul World Tourism numbers down during Donald Trump's tenure Features Parents really do play favorites, study shows White Sox broadcaster Harrelson to retire after next season Owings, Diamondbacks outlast Pirates 6-5 in 14 innings The Latest: Bonino returns for Penguins in 1-1 Game 2 Mike Trout has thumb ligament surgery, likely out 6-8 weeks Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Hillcrest community blog Man scammed out of $6,000 in Walmart gift cards: Mayfield Heights Police Blotter Updated on May 31, 2017 at 8:59 PM Posted on May 31, 2017 at 8:57 PM By Andy Attina / cleveland.com MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio Theft by deception, Marsol Road: A resident reported May 20 he was the victim of a scam in which he was led to believe a company was fixing a virus on his computer. He said he received a pop-up message informing him of the virus and requesting he call a specified phone number. After paying the supposed tech company, someone called him back and told him they were reimbursing him for being a good customer. The caller said an additional $6,000 was put into his bank account by mistake and asked that he return the money by purchasing Walmart gift cards and providing the redemption codes. He did as requested and later learned it was a scam. He believed the calls originated from India. The phone number has since been disconnected. Theft, SOM Center Road: An employee of Fish Furniture reported May 19 her wallet and keys were stolen from her purse while she worked. She said the purse was left under a desk and she suspected a specific customer may have stolen the items. She said the man had asked for water, but then declined it because he said it wasn't cold enough. She said he also spent considerable time in the store without employee assistance. Trespassing, Golden Gate Plaza: Reports indicate an elderly man kept trying to get into Fresh Thyme before the store opened at 7 a.m. May 19. He told employees he could not wait. He left before officers arrived and it was believed he took a bag of grapes without paying for it. The staff did not want to pursue the matter. Theft, Golden Gate Plaza: A Garfield Heights man, 25, was arrested at Marshall's Clothing May 18 for theft, resisting arrest, escape and contributing to the delinquency of a minor. He was uncooperative and officers had to deploy a Taser to help control him. A Cleveland girl, 15, was with him and falsely identified herself. She will be filed on in juvenile court. The total value of the theft was $258.91. Overdose, Eastgate Plaza: A Mayfield Heights man, 35, was taken to Hillcrest Hospital May 17 after he was found slumped over in a vehicle in front of Marc's. The drug enforcement unit is investigating the suspected drug overdose. Fraud, Lander Road: A resident reported May 17 his personal information had been used fraudulently to open a utility bill in 2015 at a home in Garfield Heights. He said the account had an overdue balance of $233.34 and he never lived at the address associated with the account. The utility company opened a fraud investigation. Stolen vehicle, Mayfield Ridge Road: A man reported May 23 his dirt bike, valued at $2,500, was stolen while he was visiting a resident. The bike was on a rack hitched to his vehicle, which was parked in the street around 10:30 p.m. There were no suspects identified. Theft, Genesee Avenue: Two residents at separate homes reported May 19 a neighbor was coming into their yards and stealing firewood. They suspected the woman was at Speedway committing a theft at the time of the report. Officers located the woman, 33, walking in front of Bruegger's Bagels and issued her a trespass warning for both resident's properties. She was also found in possession of two beers and two beef jerky packages, which were found to have been stolen from Speedway. May 23, the same woman was found to be causing a disturbance at Party Place, 6153, by knocking merchandise off the shelves. Officers located her outside the store with a beer on the ground in the area where she was standing. It was also learned she had kicked the rear of a vehicle when she was crossing Commonwealth Avenue on her way to the store. The owner of the vehicle did not want to pursue charges despite slight damage that was caused to the vehicle. The woman was arrested for disorderly conduct; intoxication, obstructing official business and open container due to the incident at Party Place. Suspicion, Golden Gate Plaza: A manager of Fresh Thyme said May 21 an employee found a small bag of marijuana on the break room floor. It was turned over to police and destroyed. Drug abuse, Mayfield Road: Two men and one woman were located in a parked vehicle in the Gates Mills Place parking lot May 30. The passengers admitted they were smoking marijuana. The driver, an 18-year-old Cleveland Heights man, was in possession of a small bag of marijuana and subsequently cited for drug possession. See more Mayfield Heights news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. "cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate." View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Boxing WWE Formula 1 Cricket Lions 2017 Rugby League Other Sports UFC Golf Tennis Athletics NFLExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home News World news News Girl, 16, 'stole knife and machete from Walmart then stabbed Uber driver to death at random' Eliza Wasni shoplifted the weapons before summoning Grant Nelson, 34, and brutally knifing him several times for no apparent reason  Share  Comments BySteve Robson 01:10, 1 JUN 2017 News Eliza Wasni has been charged with murder as an adult (Photo: Facebook)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A 16-year-old girl stole a knife and a machete from a Walmart then stabbed her Uber to death, police said. The horrific attack carried out by Eliza Wasni was completely unprovoked, prosecutors in Chicago said. The victim Grant Nelson, 34, managed to pull over and flee his Uber car for help. "The victim runs to the lobby door and is heard banging and screaming, 'Help me, help me, I'm going to die,'" said Assistant State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham. Police and paramedics were called and Mr Nelson was rushed to hospital but later died. Mr Nelson was suddenly knifed at random while driving his Uber car (Photo: CBS) Prosecutors say the violent attack was unprovoked (Photo: CBS) Mr Nelson fled to a nearby building for help but later died in hospital (Photo: Facebook) Wasni, who has been charged with first-degree murder as an adult, tried to driver Mr Nelson's car away from the scene but hit a bollard. Officers responding to 911 calls found her hiding, still holding a knife and a machete. Mr Nelson's younger sister Alexandra told of her family's shock and grief. "The loss of intelligence and conversation and nuance and thoughtfulness that he brought into all of our lives is going to be felt, and it will reverberate with us throughout the coming weeks and months and years, and it is not a hole that can be easily filled," she told ABC 7 Chicago. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Murder trial Crime News all Most Read Most Recent Court caseEx-BBC presenter says she helped boy, 14, "finish what he was doing" after he spied on her having sex Julie Wadsworth said she was "flattered" by the attention of the lad when he started touching himself as he watched her "petting" with her husband, a court heard PoliticsTory hopeful rages that Theresa May has 'f****d up' the election campaign and made people 'vote for Corbyn' The unknown candidate blasted the PM in a sweary tirade after a YouGov poll said they could lose 20 seats Gay pregnancyGay dads are pregnant with their first biological child - this is their incredible story Biff Chaplow and Trystan Reese are set to welcome a baby boy into their lives this summer AppsMan's 'successful' Tinder date goes horribly wrong – ends up having to call police He just wanted to get to work PoliticsTheresa May under fire for sending Amber Rudd to TV debate just 48 hours after her dad's death The Home Secretary's dad Tony died on Monday aged 93 - six months after the death of her ex-husband and the father of her two children PubsBungling pub asks customers to 'be honest and pay up' after card blunder leaves them out-of-pocket over Bank Holiday Liz Mangan and her husband Stephen who run the hotel in North Wales have appealed to anyone who used a card on Saturday to come forward General electionGeneral election 2017 LIVE: Updates and analysis as Jeremy Corbyn hits Essex buoyed by three-point YouGov poll gap With just a week to go until the general election, we'll be bringing you all the latest news as Prime Minister Theresa May struggles to turn around her flagging campaign FireworksThug turned council flat into bomb factory in bid to get back at a fish firm over a bitter feud Stephen Cannon, 39, made an arsenal of bombs from fireworks as he targeted employees of Livingston firm Ruskim Seafoods - meaning a street had to be evacuated Gay pregnancyGay dads are pregnant with their first biological child - this is their incredible story Biff Chaplow and Trystan Reese are set to welcome a baby boy into their lives this summer CrimeWomen thugs poured paint down ex-friend's throat in 'long and sustained' torture ordeal Layla Warburton, 25, and Sharna Christie, 26, also smashed a TV on victim Jamie Wijnaendts' head Most Read Most Recent Court caseEx-BBC presenter says she helped boy, 14, "finish what he was doing" after he spied on her having sex Julie Wadsworth said she was "flattered" by the attention of the lad when he started touching himself as he watched her "petting" with her husband, a court heard Sexual healthJim Carrey will face trial over the death of his ex-girlfriend after claims he supplied drugs that killed her Cathriona White committed sucide by overdosing on prescription drugs Arsenal FCArsenal stars Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil team up in bid to land themselves £350,000-a-week new contracts Duo who each have a season left on their deals turning up the heat on Arsene Wenger now he's signed for two more years Manchester United transfer newsAtletico Madrid transfer ban decision could affect Manchester United's pursuit of Antoine Griezmann The Spanish side are hoping a judgement from the CAS might hand them a helping hand in persuading Griezmann to stay Coronation Street spoilersCoronation Street viewers feel 'physically sick' after Bethany Platt runs into young girl at Nathan's sex-ring party The teenager was dragged out by the child groomer after shouting at another young girl being abused French OpenFrench Open 2017 order of play for Thursday, June 1 as Andy Murray continues Roland Garros campaign Stan Wawrinka and Kei Nishikori are also in action at the tournament on Thursday PubsBungling pub asks customers to 'be honest and pay up' after card blunder leaves them out-of-pocket over Bank Holiday Liz Mangan and her husband Stephen who run the hotel in North Wales have appealed to anyone who used a card on Saturday to come forward Peter AndrePeter Andre says Katie Price's son Harvey taught him to be a dad, as radio host jokes singer could 'get women pregnant just walking past them' The popstar was stepdad to Harvey, now 15, during his relationship with ex wife Katie Transfer NewsTransfer news LIVE: Updates on Zlatan Ibrahimovic's future plus the latest on Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil The summer sales are on the way as clubs look forward to a busy few months. Keep up to date with all the latest here General electionGeneral election 2017 LIVE: Updates and analysis as Jeremy Corbyn hits Essex buoyed by three-point YouGov poll gap With just a week to go until the general election, we'll be bringing you all the latest news as Prime Minister Theresa May struggles to turn around her flagging campaign Top Stories PubsBungling pub asks customers to 'be honest and pay up' after card blunder means EVERYONE got free drinks Liz Mangan and her husband Stephen who run the hotel in North Wales have appealed to anyone who used a card on Saturday to come forward Court caseEx-BBC presenter says she helped boy, 14, "finish what he was doing" after he spied on her having sex in woodland Julie Wadsworth told a court she had been "flattered" by the attention as she cavorted with her husband PoliticsTheresa May under fire after it emerges Amber Rudd stood in for her at election TV debate despite her dad dying just 48 hours before The Home Secretary's dad Tony died on Monday aged 93 - six months after the death of her ex-husband and the father of her two children PoliticsLeaders' debate - the verdict: Amber Rudd takes one for Tories on show haunted by spectre of Chicken Theresa Theresa May failed to turn up for the Question Time special and paid the price Live election debatesNine bits of TV gold from the BBC Election Debate 2017 as Jeremy Corbyn and Amber Rudd clashed There was drama on stage in Cambridge as senior politicians and party leaders made their pitches to the nation - and we've picked out all the best bits Road Traffic AccidentsCar crash cheats paid to lie in court: Insurance gang found guilty in £127m con The crime helped the insurance industry save millions of pounds on the amount it paid for replacement hire cars provided to motorists involved in traffic accidents FireworksThug turned council flat into bomb factory in bid to get back at a fish firm over a bitter feud Stephen Cannon, 39, made an arsenal of bombs from fireworks as he targeted employees of Livingston firm Ruskim Seafoods - meaning a street had to be evacuated Kathy GriffinComedian Kathy Griffin sacked by CNN over Donald Trump 'beheading' sketch The President complained on Twitter that his 11-year-old son had been left upset by the image NHSThe money's run out and NHS is penniless, says Britain's top doctor as ops are axed and waiting times spiral Medics blast Theresa May's government for 'disgraceful failure' of sick as 2.5 million forced to wait over four hours in A&E Hen nightFirst pictures of hen do kicked off flight to Magaluf over "offensive" 'Bitches on Tour' T-shirts The hen party posed in the tops before they were ordered to remove them at the airport which sparked a row with the airline and caused the party to split up and make their way to Majorca separately Essex PolicePoodunnit? Cop left faeces in station bin 'in protest over bullying bosses' The 'dirty protest' at Colchester station Essex has given rank-and-file officers a giggle, it is claimed CrimeWomen thugs poured paint down ex-friend's throat in 'long and sustained' torture ordeal Layla Warburton, 25, and Sharna Christie, 26, also smashed a TV on victim Jamie Wijnaendts' head Court caseEx-BBC presenter says she helped boy, 14, "finish what he was doing" after he spied on her having sex Julie Wadsworth said she was "flattered" by the attention of the lad when he started touching himself as he watched her "petting" with her husband, a court heard Gay pregnancyGay dads are pregnant with their first biological child - this is their incredible story Biff Chaplow and Trystan Reese are set to welcome a baby boy into their lives this summer PoliticsTory hopeful rages that Theresa May has 'f****d up' the election campaign and made people 'vote for Corbyn' The unknown candidate blasted the PM in a sweary tirade after a YouGov poll said they could lose 20 seats AppsMan's 'successful' Tinder date goes horribly wrong – ends up having to call police He just wanted to get to work PoliticsTheresa May under fire for sending Amber Rudd to TV debate just 48 hours after her dad's death The Home Secretary's dad Tony died on Monday aged 93 - six months after the death of her ex-husband and the father of her two children PlanesMelbourne Airport on lockdown after hero passengers tied down man threatening to storm plane cockpit with 'detonator' Malaysia Airlines flight MH128 from Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur returned to Australia less than an hour into the flight a man reportedly said "I'm going to blow up this plane" before he was restrained by passengers Body imageWoman photographs 100 penises – for truly inspiring reason WARNING: This is about penises, and some might find the content explicit CrimeWomen thugs poured paint down ex-friend's throat in 'long and sustained' torture ordeal Layla Warburton, 25, and Sharna Christie, 26, also smashed a TV on victim Jamie Wijnaendts' head Great Ormond Street HospitalCharlie Gard's parents go to the Supreme Court in one last bid to stop doctors turning off life support Chris Gard and Connie Yates want to take nine-month-old son to the US for therapy trial but the hospital say it will not help General electionBBC general election debate: Recap after Jeremy Corbyn clashes with six other parties in TV showdown Last night saw a big showdown between Jeremy Corbyn, Home Secretary Amber Rudd and five other senior party politicians in the BBC Election Debate 2017 UK NewsSix-year-old girl 'almost died' after being 'sucked into swimming pool filter' on family holiday in Lanzarote Her mum has spoken out in a Facebook post, describing it as "the worst day of our lives" Hen nightFirst pictures of hen do kicked off Jet2 flight to Magaluf over "offensive" 'Bitches on Tour' T-shirts The hen party posed in the tops before they were ordered to remove them at the airport which sparked a row with the airline and caused the party to split up and make their way to Majorca separately Dangerous drivingDriver goes to help biker after collision on country lane but turns back after forgetting to put handbrake on To make matters worse for the unfortunate driver, the drama was caught on her own dashcam RelationshipsThe six simple questions which tell you if your relationship is doomed to fail It's perhaps the most straightforward compatibility test invented yet Live election debatesNine bits of TV gold from the BBC Election Debate 2017 as Jeremy Corbyn and Amber Rudd clashed There was drama on stage in Cambridge as senior politicians and party leaders made their pitches to the nation - and we've picked out all the best bits World newsGirl, 16, 'stole knife and machete from Walmart then stabbed Uber driver to death at random' Eliza Wasni shoplifted the weapons before summoning Grant Nelson, 34, and brutally knifing him several times for no apparent reason European UnionEurope will 'postpone crunch Brexit talks' if Jeremy Corbyn wins keys to Downing Street in general election The European Union reportedly says Britain will be given some "leeway" on the June 19 start date for negotiations if there is change of government beforehand CrimeBritish couple who offered to sell under-age daughters for sex found hiding in shed on Costa del Sol Police have arrested the pair after they went into hiding near Malaga last year LotteryNational Lottery results: Winning numbers for £5.4million Lotto jackpot on Wednesday, May 31 Tonight's lottery could make you a very rich person - but have you got a winning ticket? Manchester Arena explosionGirl, 15, caught in Manchester terror attack shares trauma of bombing and aftermath in her own moving words In a powerful blog post, school girl Aimee Midgley has penned her emotions, sadness, struggle and confusion in the aftermath of the traumatic atrocity News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Wednesday, May, 31, 2017 serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport ICC Champions Trophy Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home World Trump abandoning global climate pact? Decision 'very soon'  By Associated Press  |   Published: 01st June 2017 06:05 AM  |   Last Updated: 01st June 2017 06:05 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email US President Donald Trump (AP) WASHINGTON: U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways" but promising a decision "very soon." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery Fest gone awry: Hundreds protest at IIT Madras over beef ban row In Pictures: Kerala welcomes early monsoon arrow Videos Kannada film producer Parvathamma Rajkumar passes away Traditional cheese-rolling race draws thousands in rural England arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 61° Overcast North Andover, MA (01845) Today Showers and thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms this evening, then skies turning partly cloudy after midnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 56F. SW winds at 10 to 20 mph, decreasing to less than 5 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Updated: May 31, 2017 @ 9:34 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Haverhill news Developer, city remain locked in legal battle By Peter Francis pfrancis@eagletribune.com 42 min ago Ducks out of luck Methuen City Council to vote on $160M budget Lawrence man held without bail after weekend brawl Keolis awards scholarships to Lawrence students After being struck by a car, Oreo the cat faces long recovery Bacteria no threat to drinking water in Salem Races begin to take shape in Methuen Windham man charged with sexual assaults on minor Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Sports LeBron, Durant each have a lot to play for +2 Bill Burt CNHI Sports Boston 42 min ago Greater Lawrence Tech's new athletic directior: Mike Nelson Hope amidst heartbreak: Day after Super 8 decision, Methuen and Andover earn Div. 1 North top seeds Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Whittier baseball and Sanborn baseball Sports in a minute: Some more Simourian  Local Sports Notes New Hampshire baseball pairings State Tournament Scoreboard Tuesday's High School Boxscores Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News May 28, 2017 Reunions Community Calendar Reunions Club News Community Calendar Moccia - Congratulations Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Judges' anti-Trump end does not justify their means Jay Ambrose 11 hrs ago Public participation in school matters impressive Sound Off Increasingly isolated Trump is president without a party Sound Off Some cheers, some jeers for local newsmakers Sound Off SOUND OFF Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Trump abandoning global climate pact? Decision 'very soon' By JILL COLVIN and JULIE PACE Associated Press May 31, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways" but promising a decision "very soon." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Government And Politics Climate Environment And Nature Air Pollution Air Quality Environment Pollution Environmental Concerns Emissions Reduction Energy And The Environment Climate Change International Relations United Nations Climate Change Conference Legislature Fossil Fuel Power Generation Electric Power Generation Electric Utilities Energy Industry Utilities Economy International Agreements Locations United States North America District Of Columbia Paris France Western Europe Europe China Greater China East Asia Asia ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore, Hampton Beach, N.H. By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Lawrence-based drug ring was largest fentanyl operation in state Haverhill police arrest suspect in downtown stabbings Salem police arrest Manchester woman connected to Londonderry armed robbery Stabbing victim remains in critical condition Lawrence baseball bat attack leads to two arrests Feds: 30 face drug, firearm and immigration charges in Merrimack Valley probe UPDATE: Juvenile arrested in Methuen teen's shooting Bank robbery suspect arrested in Haverhill Former Lawrence school aide pleads guilty to drug charges Police investigating Methuen shooting Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections Home News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Jail mugs 50 Reasons MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Active Alerts 17-year-old suffers injuries believed to be life-threatening after shooting Wednesday night in Topeka Home News News All headlines E-Edition Obituaries Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Data Calendar of Events Weather Featured Half pound of methamphetamine seized at Waterville in Marshall County Official says Trump is expected to pull U.S. from Paris climate deal Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Featured Four kickoff times announced for upcoming KU football season K-State notebook: Wildcats, Tulsa set basketball series Lifestyle Life At Home Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured C-J Extra: Food truck festival moves downtown near Kansas Capitol Flavor: Wine, sake and orange juice makes a memorable cocktail Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Albert R. Hunt: Welcome back to your swamp Editorial: A depressing night at the Kansas Statehouse Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Facebook alerts Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Tickets to events Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Special Topics 50 Reasons to hit the road Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Homicides in Topeka and Shawnee County since 2000 Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted May 31, 2017 01:37 am - Updated May 31, 2017 07:12 pm By Eric Smith eric.smith@cjonline.com Mayetta man with outstanding warrant captured at South Dakota Walmart Michael Francis Edwin Dorsch, 31, of Mayetta, was captured shortly after 10 p.m. Tuesday in Sioux Falls, S.D. (File photo/Jackson County Jail) A man wanted on an outstanding Jackson County warrant for aggravated battery and child endangerment was captured late Tuesday in a Sioux Falls, S.D., Walmart store.   Jackson County Sheriff Tim Morse said Michael Dorsch, 31, was captured shortly after 10 p.m. Tuesday about 320 miles north of his listed residence of Mayetta. See Also The warrant was in connection with the alleged battery of a woman May 4 near Mayetta. A manhunt ensued that evening, but Dorsch wasn’t located. He was captured Tuesday after a cooperative effort between the Jackson County Sheriff’s Office and the South Dakota Highway Patrol, Sioux Falls Police Department, Minnehaha County Sheriff’s Office and the Topeka office of the FBI, Morse said. Before his capture, Morse said, Dorsch is believed to have been hiding in the Sisseton, S.D., area about 160 miles north of Sioux Falls. Advertisement Most Popular News Wed, 05/31/2017 - 21:27 Topeka’s ‘green monster’ getting $2 million renovation Local Wed, 05/31/2017 - 18:20 Vikki Lindemuth seeks emergency divorce from developer husband News Thu, 06/01/2017 - 02:03 Woman killed Tuesday night in 3-vehicle crash in Herington Sports Wed, 05/31/2017 - 16:12 State-champion T-Birds dominate 2017 All-City softball team   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement   More Thu, 06/01/2017 - 01:15 Half pound of methamphetamine seized at Waterville in Marshall County Thu, 06/01/2017 - 00:50 Shooting late Wednesday in Topeka leaves teen with injuries thought to be life-threatening Wed, 05/31/2017 - 20:55 Missouri’s high court won’t intervene in execution drug case KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Missouri Supreme Court won’t review a lower court ruling that spares the state’s prison system from having... Read more Wed, 05/31/2017 - 20:50 Man sentenced in teen’s death at Kansas City water park Load more Around the Web Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Crime Map Education Health Politics AP State AP National AP News Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports AP Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Blogs Columnists Multimedia Opinion Special Sections Bakersfield Life Kern Business Journal Sponsored About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 69° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today A few clouds. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 63F. Winds light and variable. Updated: May 31, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Crime Map Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results AP State AP National AP News Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports AP Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Blogs Herb Benham Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Just One Breath Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Year in Review: 2016 Bakersfield Life 20 under 40 People to Watch Kern Business Journal Sponsored Home News Breaking Breaking Close Bakersfield Police Department Suspect in theft of donation jar containing $1,000.  Police: Man stole $1,000 from donation table operated by Marine Corps Veterans Association The Bakersfield Californian 7 hrs ago 0 Bakersfield Police Department Suspect in theft of donation jar containing $1,000.  A man stole a glass jar containing $1,000 from a donation table operated by volunteers from the Marine Corps Veterans Association, according to police.  The theft occurred at about 3:30 p.m. May 13 near the front of the Wal-Mart at 5075 Gosford Road, police said.  The suspect is described as black, 20 to 25 years old, 6 feet tall, 160 pounds, light complexion, wearing a blue/grey Hollister hooded sweatshirt.  Anyone with information regarding this investigation, or the identity of the suspect, is asked to call Detective Chris Bagby at 326-3567 or the Bakersfield Police Department at 327-7111. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Videos Alberto Santos made 1,000 paper cranes to bring good fortune and luck to the Leukemia & Lymphoma Soc 6 hrs ago 0 Coco Montoya SLOW BLUES For John Mayall LIVE Tremblant Blues 2010 Updated 9 hrs ago 0 Devil Don’t Sleep Updated 9 hrs ago 0 Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles North High School students brought Nazi flag to campus in protest of gay pride symbols Kern River kills two over Memorial Day weekend as at least a dozen others are rescued from rough currents Who did Kern High School District run through sensitive database? Administrator applying for promotions, DUI teacher, student who filed lawsuit, source says Gene Thome ‘never met a stranger’: Owner of Bear Mountain Sports, friend of Bakersfield Sound, larger-than-life community figure died Saturday Man shot to death in northeast Bakersfield apartment complex Wasco baseball ends 27-year section title drought PETE TITTL: If Guy Fieri ever comes back to Bakersfield, he has to try this place Highland wins first baseball section championship Memorial Day weekend on the Kern River is one of the deadliest in 24 years Jury awards $130,000 to inmate who alleged officers at Kern Valley State Prison had him beaten Images Videos Commented North High School students brought Nazi flag to campus in protest of gay pride symbols (41) Audit: Kern County Fire Department to be investigated over union objection (32) Who did Kern High School District run through sensitive database? Administrator applying for promotions, DUI teacher, student who filed lawsuit, source says (16) Three challengers targeting Kevin McCarthy in 2018 (13) Kevin McCarthy caught on tape: 'I think Putin pays' Trump; Bakersfield congressman says it was a failed joke (11) Kern County Fire Department set to undergo examination after persistent budget struggles (11) LOIS HENRY: How many more "bad apples" are going to roll out of this barrel? (11) Supervisors reject 'non-sanctuary' proposal following passionate debate (10) TBC EXCLUSIVE: Emails reveal disagreement, insensitivity over tasing of BHS student (9) Bakersfield attorney Phil Ganong charged with fraud in $22 million urine test billing scheme (7) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections Home News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Rich Peterson Kim David Andy Brownell Tracy McCray Shows Listen Listen Live Mobile App Events Insane Inflatable 5K Calendar Submit Your Community Calendar Event Community Engagement Request Form KROC Club Sign Up Contests and Perks Contest Rules VIP Support Closings Closings Weather Links Mayo Clinic Radio Minnesota Lottery Minnesota Timberwolves Minnesota Twins Minnesota Vikings Minnesota Wild University of Minnesota Athletics Latest Gopher Sports News and Updates Power of Learning with Jim Walters City of Rochester Rochester Public Schools Olmsted County State of Minnesota Minnesota Veterans & Emergency Services Museum History Center of Olmsted County Destination Medical Center Win Stuff Contact Us On-Air Hosts Contact Info Help & Contact Info EEO Report Careers Send Feedback Advertise Community Engagement Request Form Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSS Trending: Seize the Deal Auction Destination Medical Center Weather Insane Inflatable 5K in Rochester Trump Has Reportedly Decided to Exit Paris Accord By Associated Press May 31, 2017 6:46 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Getty Images WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways” but promising a decision “very soon.” The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges – though top aides were deeply divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground – perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement – in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration in an extraordinarily public deliberation. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels – about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year – enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. Filed Under: national news Category: No Category Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 KROC-AM Rochester Teen Advances to National Spelling Bee Finals Rochester Drug Dealer Sentenced for Overdose Conviction Minnesota Fugitive Among Dead Following Texas Shooting Minnesota Measles Outbreak May Have Peaked Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts Andy Brownell Kim David Rich Peterson Tom Ostrom Facebook Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! KROC Club Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now Closings Weather Related Announcements for Monday 3/13 March 13, 2017 4:49 AM Winter Closings and Delays for Saturday and Sunday 02-25-17 February 25, 2017 11:50 AM Rochester City Lines Cancels Regional Service for Friday February 24, 2017 4:30 AM Recent Stories A Rochester Area Law Officer’s Advice for Surviving a Terrorist Attack May 31, 2017 6:29 PM The Med City F.C. is Off to a Great Start in Rochester May 31, 2017 10:58 AM Our Online Auction Ends This Friday May 31, 2017 10:34 AM Twitter Tries to Figure Out What ‘Covfefe’ Means May 31, 2017 9:58 AM Kathy Griffin Loses Endorsement Deal After Backlash To Bloody Trump-Head Photo May 31, 2017 9:55 AM Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://krocam.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KROC Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up for KROC Club Register Now Sign up for KROC Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KROC Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KROC Club brought to you by: KROC-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press May 31, 2017 - 11:12pm Previous 1 of 3 Next WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington and Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report. Jill Colvin And Julie Pace, The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic May 31 Road Work For Wednesday May 30 Road Work For Tuesday May 29 Road Work For Monday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
News Sports Things to Do Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Trump abandoning global climate pact? Decision 'very soon' Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 5:30 PM May 31, 2017 at 6:59 PM U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways" but promising a decision "very soon." THE ASSOCIATED PRESS U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways" but promising a decision "very soon." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were deeply divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration in an extraordinarily public deliberation. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Classifieds Submit Announcements & News Market Place Classifieds Real Estate Your Community News Blotters Herkimer County Oneida-Verona New Hartford Rome Utica Whitestown Blogs - Living - Sports Boilermaker College Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Uticaod ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Police & Fire Shareable State News Public Eye Blotters Databases Sports High School Utica Comets College Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music Scene TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Shareables Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Records Obituaries iSpy More State of Addiction 200th Anniversary MV All-Stars Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Games Contests History Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber My Profile e-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Partners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register June 1st, 2017 Menu Home News Canada 150 Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Trump abandoning global climate pact? Decision ‘very soon’ Business Related Apps of the Week Poll If you were faced with imminent death and/or loss of quality of life due to illness, do you think you could choose to die by medical assistance? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Jill Colvin And Julie Pace, The Associated Press on May 31, 2017. FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) 00000 WASHINGTON – U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways” but promising a decision “very soon.” The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges – though top aides were deeply divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground – perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement – in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration in an extraordinarily public deliberation. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels – about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year – enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington, and Lorne Cook in Brussels, contributed to this report. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 8-14: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 8, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 8, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon the week of May 8, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   ***Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Completed Water line projects: Water line installation work on various routes that connect to Route 63 in Dickenson County have been completed.   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Replacement of the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound has been completed.   Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: Repairs to the Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge in Grayson County have been completed.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon have been completed. Pay close attention at these intersections as motorists become familiar with the new flashing yellow arrow signals.    Azure Lane improvements: Improvements to a one-mile section of Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County have been completed; however, be alert to clean-up work along the roadway the week of May 8.   Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: Replacement of the Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge in Lee County has been completed.       (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 22 – 28:Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Cavalier projects $2M loss for FY17 NZ property values rise at the slowest pace in two years Entries open for the 2017 NZ Event Awards Data gaps hamper understanding of Asian investment ‘Sedate’ pay rises of sub-three per cent ahead for most Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 8-14: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext Glance Named in Top 25 Up & Comers in the Branham300 Annual List of Top Technology Companies in Canada Search Recent Posts Cavalier projects $2M loss for FY17 NZ property values rise at the slowest pace in two years Entries open for the 2017 NZ Event Awards Data gaps hamper understanding of Asian investment ‘Sedate’ pay rises of sub-three per cent ahead for most Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Says President Donald "Trump’s budget gives a $100 billion tax break to three of the wealthiest families." — Bernie Sanders on Thursday, May 25th, 2017 in a tweet Bernie Sanders inflates Trump tax plan benefits to billionaires By Smitha Rajan on Wednesday, May 31st, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., challenged President Donald Trump's proposed budget for next year, saying it slashes programs for needy Americans across the country, while giving massive tax breaks to the wealthy. (AP) Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., called President Donald Trump’s budget a massive transfer of wealth from working families, the elderly, children, the sick and the poor to the top 1 percent. "Why is it more important to give a $100 billion tax break to 3 of the wealthiest families than to feed, house and educate 15 million people?" Sanders tweeted May 25. Why is it more important to give a $100 billion tax break to 3 of the wealthiest families than to feed, house and educate 15 million people?— Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) May 25, 2017 We decided to fact-check whether the Trump budget indeed bestows a $100 billion tax break on three of the wealthiest families in the United States. The accusation runs into trouble by running away with a flawed analysis of Trump’s tax plan. Sanders’ source is a report prepared by Democrats on the U.S. Senate Budget Committee. The report shows the maximum estate tax liability for a group of wealthy Americans, including billionaires and some members of the Trump administration, and how much they would stand to gain if the estate tax were repealed. The three billionaire families listed on the chart are the Walton family of Wal-Mart, Charles and David Koch of Koch Industries, and casino magnate Sheldon Adelson. According to the report, these families stand to gain $52 billion, $38 billion and $12 billion respectively in tax breaks under Trump’s proposal, or $102 billion all together. How? The rules for the estate tax allow a person to inherit almost $5.5 million tax free. Above that, Washington collects 40 percent. Senate Democrats took the total net worth of those three households, reduced it by the tax-exempt amount, and assumed the remainder would be taxed at the 40 percent rate. The problem is, experts said, Sanders miscast Trump’s tax plan, and the Democratic calculations are overly simple. Trump’s actual tax plan Roberton Williams, a fellow at the Brookings-Urban Institute Tax Policy Center, said Sanders is not fully capturing Trump's proposal for the estate tax. "Trump has proposed replacing the estate tax with a requirement that estates pay income tax on all of an estate's unrealized capital gains," Williams said. Unrealized capital gains are the profits made when an investment, such as a building or shares of stock, is sold.   "If a high-value estate had unrealized gains, it would pay income tax on those gains at the top rate of 20 percent rather than an estate tax at a 40 percent rate," he said. He gave an example: An estate worth $50 billion with $25 billion of unrealized gains would pay income tax of $5 billion under Trump’s plan -- a lot less than the $20 billion that would be owed in today’s tax system, but "not zero." Sanders assumed those wealthy family members would pay nothing, and that’s not accurate. Estates rarely pay the 40 percent estate tax Although the estate tax is 40 percent, a slew of deductions bring down the taxable value of the estate reduce the effective tax rate. Those deductions include charitable bequests, among other loopholes. There’s a big gap between the size of the estates the Democrats relied on and the size in the eyes of the IRS, said Kyle Pomerleau, director of federal projects at the right-leaning Tax Foundation. The Democrats relied on estimates from Forbes magazine, and Pomerleau said by one estimate, the actual number is about half that. "And then according to the IRS, taxable estate is about 30 percent of gross estate," he said. "Taking these together, taxable estate -- what the IRS applies the 40 percent rate to -- is about 15 percent of what is publicly reported on average." Pomerleau said by his estimate, the total value of the estate tax bill for those three families would be closer to $16 billion. Williams at the Tax Policy Center agreed. Any person with a very large estate would bring on an estate tax lawyer to structure his or her estate in ways that would reduce estate tax. "It is hard to imagine that those families would ever be taxed on the full value of their wealth, given the many ways available to reduce estate valuations, pass wealth to subsequent generations at reduced value, and use other techniques to delay or cut estate tax liabilities," he said. This means it is highly unlikely that wealthy families would ever pay 40 percent tax on their wealth under the current estate tax law. Eliminating the estate tax thus would not save them 40 percent of their wealth relative to current law. Other tax changes Trump’s budget also proposes other tax measures, including doing away with the alternate minimum tax, lowering the top individual tax rate from 39.6 percent to 35 percent, and repealing taxes on the wealthy that helped pay for the Affordable Care Act. While Sanders’ office only pointed to the estate tax, his tweet was more expansive, so we asked our experts to assess the impact. They said while these factors would indeed help the wealthy save money it would be difficult to estimate it in dollars in the absence of tax returns. We raised this issue with Sanders’ office and did not hear back. Our ruling Sanders said Trump’s budget gives a $100 billion tax break to three of the wealthiest families. His office pointed to a Democratic analysis that assumed the total elimination of the estate tax. But Trump’s proposal would retain a measure to tax some portion of inherited wealth. On top of that, the experts we reached told us that careful tax planning reduces the government’s take under current law. They said the Democrats greatly exaggerated the potential tax bills these families face, and the real cost would be considerably less than $100 billion. Trump’s tax plan has other features that would cut taxes on the super wealthy, but it isn’t possible to quantify the impact with any accuracy. The three wealthy families Sanders had in mind would benefit handsomely under Trump’s plan, but his office did not provide evidence that held up, and experts said the total would likely be less than the $100 billion he said. We rate this claim Mostly False. Share the Facts 2017-05-31 22:08:44 UTC PolitiFact 3 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: Mostly False Says President Donald "Trump’s budget gives a $100 billion tax break to three of the wealthiest families." Bernie Sanders U.S. senator, I-Vt. a tweet Thursday, May 25, 2017 2017-05-25 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Wednesday, May 31st, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. Researched by: Smitha Rajan Edited by: Jon Greenberg, Katie Sanders Subjects: Taxes Sources: Americans for Tax Fairness, Factsheet: The Estate Tax, accessed May 26, 2017 Common Dreams,  Trump’s budget is immoral, accessed May 26, 2017 Forbes, The World’s Billionaire, accessed May 26, 2017 IRS, Estate tax returns filed for wealthy descendants 2006-2015, accessed May 26, 2017 Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Ten facts you should know about estate tax, accessed May 26, 2017 Budget of the U.S. government, Fiscal year 2018, accessed May 26, 2017 Interview, Roberton Williams, Sol Price fellow, Tax Policy Center, May 26, 2017 Email interview, Kyle Pomerleau, director of federal projects, Tax Foundation, May 26, 2017 Email interview, Chye-Ching Huang, deputy director, federal tax policy, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, May 26, 2017   How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 15, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 115, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound left lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 665 (Power Plant Road): Due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County, a portion of the route will be closed Monday, May 15 from 7 a.m. until 6 p.m. between Route 614 (Carterton Road) and Route 628 (Heralds Valley Road).   ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 654 – slide repairs: A section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County will be closed through May 19 due to slide repairs. Motorists should pay close attention to signs and message boards about the repairs. (Completion: May 19, 2017)   Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Completed Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon has been completed.  The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County has been completed.   Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation across Route 460 in Bluefield has been completed.    (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 22 – 28:Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Global Wall Cladding Market 2017 Size, Share, Development Status, Type and Application, Segmentation, Forecast by 2022 Global Wall Cladding Market 2017 Size, Share, Development Status, Type and Application, Segmentation, Forecast by 2022 American Association of Suicidology Announces New Executive Director Lori Shoemaker is recognized by Continental Who’s Who Visit to Singapore Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Business Real Estate 82° Full Menu 82° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo Business June 01, 2017 1:12 AM Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday By JILL COLVIN and JULIE PACE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." The White House signaled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact — fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges — though top aides were divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on "caveats in the language," one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While traveling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn't "comprehensively understand" the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him "in clear, simple sentences" during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. "It looks like that attempt failed," Juncker said. "This notion, 'I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,' that is not going to happen." Some of Trump's aides have been searching for a middle ground — perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement — in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump's administration. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favored remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump's chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump's influential daughter Ivanka Trump's preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said Wednesday in Alaska that he had "yet to read what the actual Paris Agreement is," and would have to read it before weighing in. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 percent to 28 percent of 2005 levels — about 1.6 billion tons. "Paris more than anything is a symbol," said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump's expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization's main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, "Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable." Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year — enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club's executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a "historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality." Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a "hoax" created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump's chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president's views on climate change were "evolving" following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration "would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth," and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, "growing our economy is going to win." Supporters of the deal say it's not an either-or choice. In this photo taken May 30, 2016, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of Calif. speaks in San Francisco. Jeff Chiu AP Photo FILE - In this March 1, 2017 file photo Swedish Climate Minister Isabella Lovin talks during an interview with the Associated Press in Brussels. Geert Vanden Wijngaert, File AP Photo FILE - In this Oct. 20, 2016 file photo, Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila is seen in Brussels. Olivier Matthys, Fle AP Photo FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is pictured after delivering a policy announcement in Toronto , on Wednesday May 31 , 2017. McKenna says the Canadian government remains committed to the Paris Accord amid concerns that the U.S. will walk away from the landmark global climate agreement. The Canadian Press via AP Chris Young President Donald Trump waits for the arrival of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Susan Walsh AP Photo 1 of 6 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 hours ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 7 hours ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 12 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 14 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business Trust lacking in Illinois failure to OK budget by deadline A look at the damage of Illinois' 3-year budget impasse The Latest: Australia stands by Afghanistan after attack The Latest: Top Dem. senator wanted budget on GOP gov's desk Uber posts $708M loss as revenue grows; finance head quits Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register June 1st, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Trump abandoning global climate pact? Decision ‘very soon’ Poll Are you concerned by Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the global climate agreement? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jill Colvin And Julie Pace, The Associated Press on May 31, 2017. FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) WASHINGTON – U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms Wednesday as President Donald Trump seemed close to pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate accord. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense on the question of staying or leaving, saying he was still listening to “a lot of people both ways” but promising a decision “very soon.” The White House signalled that Trump was likely to decide on exiting the global pact – fulfilling one of his principal campaign pledges – though top aides were deeply divided. And the final decision may not be entirely clear-cut: Aides were still deliberating on “caveats in the language,” one official said. Everyone cautioned that no decision was final until Trump announced it. The president has been known to change his thinking on major decisions and tends to seek counsel from both inside and outside advisers, many with differing agendas, until the last minute. Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from a raft of international allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming and pollution by reducing carbon emissions in nearly 200 nations. While travelling abroad last week, Trump was repeatedly pressed to stay in the deal by European leaders and the Vatican. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world’s industrialized economies. American corporate leaders have also appealed to the businessman-turned-president to stay. They include Apple, Google and Walmart. Even fossil fuel companies such as Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell say the United States should abide by the deal. Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama enacted the deal without U.S. Senate ratification. A formal withdrawal would take years, experts say, a situation that led the president of the European Commission to speak dismissively of Trump on Wednesday. Trump doesn’t “comprehensively understand” the terms of the accord, though European leaders tried to explain the process for withdrawing to him “in clear, simple sentences” during summit meetings last week, Jean-Claude Juncker said in Berlin. “It looks like that attempt failed,” Juncker said. “This notion, ‘I am Trump, I am American, America first and I am getting out,’ that is not going to happen.” Some of Trump’s aides have been searching for a middle ground – perhaps by renegotiating the terms of the agreement – in an effort to thread the needle between his base of supporters who oppose the deal and those warning that a U.S. exit would deal a blow to the fight against global warming as well as to worldwide U.S. leadership. That fight has played out within Trump’s administration in an extraordinarily public deliberation. Trump met Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who has favoured remaining in the agreement. Chief strategist Steve Bannon supports an exit, as does Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. Trump’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, has discussed the possibility of changing the U.S. carbon reduction targets instead of pulling out of the deal completely. Senior adviser Jared Kushner generally thinks the deal is bad but still would like to see if emissions targets can be changed. Trump’s influential daughter Ivanka Trump’s preference is to stay, but she has made it a priority to establish a review process so her father would hear from all sides, said a senior administration official. Like the other officials, that person was not authorized to describe the private discussions by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Trump has several options, climate experts said. The emissions goals are voluntary with no real consequences for countries that fail to meet them. That means the U.S. could stay in the accord and choose not to hit its goals or stay in the pact but adjust its targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. has agreed to reduce its emissions by 2025 to 26 per cent to 28 per cent of 2005 levels – about 1.6 billion tons. “Paris more than anything is a symbol,” said Nigel Purvis, who directed U.S. climate diplomacy during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations Another option, said University of California, Berkeley climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, would be for Trump to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the treaty on which the Paris accord was based, which would take only a year. News of Trump’s expected decision drew swift reaction from the United Nations. The organization’s main Twitter page quoted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as saying, “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” Scientists say that Earth is likely to reach more dangerous levels of warming sooner if the U.S. retreats from its pledge because America contributes so much to rising temperatures. Calculations suggest withdrawal could result in emissions of up to 3 billion tons of additional carbon dioxide in the air a year – enough to melt ice sheets faster, raise seas higher and trigger more extreme weather. The Sierra Club’s executive director, Michael Brune, called the expected move a “historic mistake which our grandchildren will look back on with stunned dismay at how a world leader could be so divorced from reality and morality.” Trump claimed before taking office that climate change was a “hoax” created by the Chinese to hurt the U.S. economy, an assertion that stands in defiance of broad scientific consensus. He has spent his first months in office working to delay and roll back federal regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions while pledging to revive long-struggling U.S. coal mines. But Cohn, Trump’s chief White House economic adviser, told reporters during the trip abroad that the president’s views on climate change were “evolving” following the discussions with European leaders. Still, Cohn said that the carbon levels agreed to by the prior administration “would be highly crippling to the U.S. economic growth,” and if the president had to choose between limiting carbon and economic growth, “growing our economy is going to win.” Supporters of the deal say it’s not an either-or choice. ___ Associated Press writers Catherine Lucy, Michael Biesecker and Seth Borenstein in Washington, and Lorne Cook in Brussels, contributed to this report. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home open Business Home open Sports Home open Entertainment Home open Where NOLA Eats Special Sections open Videos Engage open MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate open Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE open Local Businesses Photos open Follow Us open View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions North Shore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints LSU Tigers Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region Louisiana Politics & Government Leaving Paris climate agreement unlikely to add U.S. jobs, economists say Posted on May 31, 2017 at 5:12 PM President Donald Trump, shown speaking May 18 in the East Room of the White House in Washington, is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, a White House official says. Economists doubt that withdrawal will create more jobs in the United States. (Photo by Susan Walsh, The Associated Press archive) By The Associated Press WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the U.S. economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology -- and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the long haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains -- with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Exxon Mobil chief executive officer Darren Woods said Wednesday (May 31). Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. And Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla and aerospace company SpaceX, tweeted that he would leave two White House advisory councils if Trump went ahead with the threat to leave the Paris accord. Under the Paris accord, almost 200 countries agreed in 2015 to cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, analysts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies -- in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (almost 374,000) than in coal (barely 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for example, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating effect on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel of the University of California at Berkeley found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 -- more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." . . . . . . . Story by Paul Wiseman with contributions from David Koenig in Dallas. View Comments About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Entertainment Search Search Paris AccordTop CEOs Are In a Last Ditch Bid to Persuade Trump to Stick with the Paris Climate Deal TelevisionCBS’s Drive To Own Shows Like MacGyver Is Paying Off Overseas TradeTrump Hails the Signing of Deals Worth ‘Billions’ With Vietnam Paul AllenGigantic Plane Backed by Billionaire Paul Allen Edges Closer to Flight Netflix's CEO Reed Hastings at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain on February 27, 2017. Paul Hanna — Reuters Netflix Netflix’s Reed Hastings on Amazon, Net Neutrality, and Theaters Tom Huddleston, Jr. May 31, 2017 Netflix CEO Reed Hastings thinks of Amazon as an "awfully scary" rival and he no longer views the net neutrality debate as a "primary battle" for his popular streaming company. Hastings spoke on a variety of topics—from streaming video rivals to the recent kerfuffle over Netflix movies screening at the Cannes Film Festival—in a pair of interviews on Wednesday afternoon. The Netflix CEO first appeared on CNBC's Squawk Box for an interview before joining tech journalist Peter Kafka on-stage at Recode's Code Conference. Here are some takeaways from Hastings' conversations: On Amazon Hastings referred to Amazon as "awfully scary" on CNBC that because of Amazon's big spending on original content that is intended to make it more competitive with Netflix. Much like Netflix, Amazon has been acquiring rights to original TV shows and movies in recent years, though it's still expected to spend about $1.5 billion less on original content than Netflix's expected $6 billion this year. Both streaming services have certainly given traditional Hollywood studios runs for their money, including on the awards circuit, with Netflix and Amazon each winning their first Academy Awards earlier this year. In both interviews, Hastings described Amazon's streaming model as increasingly broad. "They're trying to be Walmart. We're trying to be Starbucks," Hastings told Recode's Kafka, arguing that Amazon is trying to deliver more types of content to a wider range of audiences. "We can’t try to be them. We’re never going to be as good as them at what they’re trying to be," Hastings said. "What we can be is the emotional connection brand, like HBO." Related TelevisionCBS’s Drive To Own Shows Like MacGyver Is Paying Off Overseas Television CBS’s Drive To Own Shows Like MacGyver Is Paying Off Overseas Hastings pointed specifically to Amazon's move into live sports, with the company signing a deal to stream Thursday night NFL games in the upcoming season. He said that Netflix has no plans to stream sporting events, even as rivals like Amazon, Twitter, and Facebook sign streaming deals with major sports leagues like the NFL, NBA, and MLB. "The Internet doesn't yet add much value to the sports experience," he said. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. Net Neutrality It wasn't long ago that Netflix and Hastings were leading the charge among online content companies pushing for net neutrality rules to ensure that Internet providers can't throttle certain websites by creating so-called "fast lanes" online. Netflix and its ilk won a major battle last year when an appeals court upheld new FCC rules that would try to keep the Internet unfettered. But under President Donald Trump and new FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, the FCC now seems intent on rolling back those rules. Meanwhile, Netflix's Hastings has suddenly become relatively quiet on the matter. Speaking with Recode on Wednesday, Hastings admitted that net neutrality is "not our primary battle at this point," as the Netflix CEO seemed to concede that the Trump administration will find a way "to unwind the rules no matter what anybody says." For Netflix specifically, though, the issue is not as much of a threat as it would have been a decade ago, thanks to the company's big base of subscribers. "It’s not narrowly important to us because we’re big enough to get the deals we want," Hastings admitted. He added that net neutrality is a much more important issue for "the Netflix of 10 years ago" and for innovators and entrepreneurs that have not reached Netflix's massive scale. Peak Content Much has been made about the increase in the amount of TV and film that's available to consumers, as streaming services churn out original programming to compete with traditional networks and studios. Hastings told Recode that he does not believe that the industry is anywhere near "saturation" in terms of the amount of available programming. Instead, he noted that various tech giants like Amazon, Twitter, and Facebook all have room to try different things as they determine what role they will play in the evolving entertainment landscape—hence those companies' decisions to snatch up live sports content, among other programming. "E verybody realizes in the next 20 years, [linear TV content] is all going to move to the Internet," Hastings said. "It’s all going to be on-demand. So, you’ve got this massive ecosystem that’s going to change and everybody’s trying to figure out what piece of that [they] might own and investing in various ways." Meanwhile, Netflix's ever-growing budget for original content is still growing after increasing from roughly $5 billion last year to a planned $6 billion in 2017. Hastings told CNBC that Netflix's content budget is going to keep increasing "a lot" as the company's membership keeps growing, with Netflix nearing 100 million global subscribers. Movie Theaters Hastings told Recode that the recent controversy over Netflix's first-time movie screenings at the prestigious Cannes Film Festival earlier this month was "fantastic" because it resulted in more exposure for the two films his company had competing at the event, Okja and The Meyerowitz Stories. Netflix has often butted heads with traditional movie studios and movie theater operators who are not fond of the streaming company's aversion to screening its original films in theaters before releasing them online. But, Hastings said the debate will not last forever, as he predicts the eventual demise of traditional theatrical "windows," the periods between a film's theatrical release and its availability for home-viewing online or in the form of a Blu-Ray/DVD. "We’re in a transition period where the movie theater chains around the world are not willing to allow consumers to choose, but eventually they will," Hastings said at the conference. Later, an audience member asked Hastings if Netflix would ever consider launching its own chain of movie theaters. Hastings replied that there are "no plans" for Netflix theaters, joking that televisions are so technologically advanced that it wouldn't make sense. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Taylor Hood Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters Reader's Choice VOTE 60° Share 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death By Associated Press Published: Wednesday, May 31st, 2017 at 3:59pm Updated: Wednesday, May 31st, 2017 at 3:59pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. — A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she’d stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who “nonchalantly” could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, “Help me, help me! I’m going to die!” until residents called 911. Advertisement Continue reading Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson’s blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehiclewith blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson’s phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson’s passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. “We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners,” Uber said in a statement. “Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Nelson’s sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. “He was not a vindictive person,” Alex Nelson said. “He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.” It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Crime More News Nation Suggested Stories: 6:50am -- Teen Girls Accused in Attack on FedEx Driver – Aug 16, 2007 Former Uber driver charged with assaulting rider – Jun 5, 2014 Man charged with murder in 4-year-old's slaying – Oct 21, 2015 Former Uber, Lyft driver charged with assaulting passengers – Sep 21, 2016 Advertisement Load comments Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 612 34 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Payless to close about 800 stores in total; see the list Retailer unveils a second round of store closings as part of its bankruptcy reorganization. Post to Facebook Payless to close about 800 stores in total; see the list Retailer unveils a second round of store closings as part of its bankruptcy reorganization.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2roXokr {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 8 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Payless to close about 800 stores in total; see the list USA TODAY Published 12:36 p.m. ET May 31, 2017 | Updated 13 hours ago Payless ShoeSource announced a new list of stores it plans to close. (Photo: Charlie Riedel, AP) 612 CONNECTTWEET 34 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE Payless ShoeSource unveiled a second round of store closings as its bankruptcy reorganization moves forward, bringing the total number of locations to be closed this year to about 800. The discount shoe retailer filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April and said it was closing about 400 locations, including 378 in the U.S. The company is now asking a federal bankruptcy judge to let it close up to 408 additional stores. Here is the combined list of store locations by state that are set to close: Closing store /   City  /  State Merchants Cove Shopping Center    Foley    Ala. Loop Shopping Center    Mobile    Ala. Shops At West    Bessemer    Ala. Decatur Mall    Decatur    Ala. University Mall    Tuscaloosa    Ala. Quintard Mall    Oxford    Ala. RIVERCHASE GALLERIA 2000 RIVERCHASE GALLERIA     Hoover    Ala. 9256 PARKWAY EAST SUITE A     Birmingham    Ala. Northway Mall    Anchorage    Alaska 5122 N. 95Th Ave.    Glendale    Ariz. 108 N. Morley Ave.    Nogales    Ariz. Tuscano Towne Center    Phoenix    Ariz. Metro Center    Phoenix    Ariz. Foothills Center    Phoenix    Ariz. Plaza Vista Mall    Sierra Vista    Ariz. Menlo Park Shopping Center    Tucson    Ariz. GILBERT GATEWAY TOWNE CENTER 5052 S POWER ROAD     Mesa    Ariz. LEGACY VILLAGE 2156 E BASELINE RD     Phoenix    Ariz. THE GROVES SHOPPING CENTER 1320 W ELLIOT RD STE 112     Tempe    Ariz. 4140 E 22ND ST     Tucson    Ariz. CROSSROADS TOWNE CENTER 3855 S GILBERT RD     Gilbert    Ariz. HAPPY VALLEY TOWNE CENTER 2501 W HAPPY VALLEY RD     Phoenix    Ariz. INDIAN VILLAGE SHOPPING CENTER 1615 E INDIAN SCHOOL RD STE E     Phoenix    Ariz. PARK MALL 5870 E BROADWAY BLVD     Tucson    Ariz. THE PAVILIONS AT TALKING STICK 8940 E TALKING STICK WAY     Scottsdale     Ariz. TUCSON MALL 4500 N ORACLE RD     Tucson    Ariz. 1518 S Caraway Road    Jonesboro    Ark. Arkansas Shopping Center    Hope    Ark. Berryville Center    Berryville    Ark. Twin City Shopping Center    West Helena    Ark. Porters Common Shopping Center    Blytheville    Ark. 4316 Camp Robinson Road    North Little Rock    Ark. Hot Springs Mall    Hot Springs National    Ark. Park Plaza Mall    Little Rock    Ark. Valley Park Center    Russellville    Ark. 2212 N. Washington St.    Forrest City    Ark. 3115 Harrison    Batesville    Ark. Ozark Mall Outlet    Harrison    Ark. 10101 MABLEVALE PLAZA  DRIVE 5     Little Rock    Ark. 11400 W MARKHAM ST    Little Rock    Ark. 202 ARKANSAS BLVD    Texarkana    Ark. 8319 ROGERS AVE     Fort Smith    Ark. PINNACLE HILLS PROMENADE 2203 PROMENADE BLVD    Rogers    Ark. Country Club Plaza    Sacramento    Calif. East County Square    El Cajon    Calif. 1077 W. Highland Ave.    San Bernardino    Calif. 2048 Story Road    San Jose    Calif. 1201 Columbus St.    Bakersfield    Calif. 600 Redwood St.    Vallejo    Calif. 455 W. Willow St.    Long Beach    Calif. Ceres Plaza Shopping Center    Modesto    Calif. Brea Union Plaza    Brea    Calif. Page Plaza    Hemet    Calif. Garden Grove Pavilion    Garden Grove    Calif. Wal-Mart Center    Huntington Beach    Calif. Sherwood Shopping Plaza    Bell Gardens    Calif. Bristol Place    Santa Ana    Calif. Manchester Center    Fresno    Calif. Del Amo Fashion Center    Torrance    Calif. 16 W. Birch St.    Calexico    Calif. Rosemead Plaza    Rosemead    Calif. 434 E. Charter Way    Stockton    Calif. Florin Towne Center    Sacramento    Calif. Clinging Vine Shopping Center    Los Angeles    Calif. Los Banos Creek Shopping Center    Los Banos    Calif. Fulton Mall    Fresno    Calif. 10181 Magnolia Ave    Riverside    Calif. 2602 N. Broadway    Los Angeles    Calif. 11934 Garvey Ave.    El Monte    Calif. Border Plaza    San Ysidro    Calif. The Place On 47Th Street    Palmdale    Calif. Target Center    Orange    Calif. Hilltop Mall    Richmond    Calif. Citrus Crossing    Azusa    Calif. 3235 N. First    Fresno    Calif. Shops At River Walk    Bakersfield    Calif. Bristol Marketplace    Santa Ana    Calif. Palmdale Promenade    Palmdale    Calif. Westfield Valencia    Valencia    Calif. Corona Hills Marketplace    Corona    Calif. Target Fullerton Shopping Center    Fullerton    Calif. Yreka Junction    Yreka    Calif. Crescent City Center    Crescent City    Calif. Plaza Pacifica    San Clemente    Calif. El Super Center    Wilmington    Calif. 1570 W. Foothill Blvd.    Upland    Calif. Shasta Factory Outlets    Anderson    Calif. Watsonville Square    Watsonville    Calif. 20829 Ventura Blvd.    Woodland Hills    Calif. Muir Station    Martinez    Calif. Five Cities Center    Arroyo Grande    Calif. Encinitas Ranch Town Center    Encinitas    Calif. 14300 OCEAN GATE AVE    Hawthorne    Calif. 1822 W OLIVE AVE    Merced    Calif. 20020 HAWTHORNE BLVD     Torrance    Calif. 3172 E TULARE AVE     Fresno    Calif. 627 STATE ST     Santa Barbara     Calif. 681 E FOOTHILL BLVD     RIALTO    Calif. CANYON PLAZA SHOPPING CENTER 8345 LAUREL CANYON BLVD # E‐22     Sun Valley    Calif. CLAIREMONT TOWN SQUARE 3998 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD     San Diego    Calif. FULLERTON METRO CENTER 1349 S HARBOR BLVD     Fullerton    Calif. GATEWAY PLAZA 13342 TELEGRAPH RD    Sante Fe Springs    Calif. NORTHRIDGE FASHION CENTER 9301 TAMPA AVENUE     Northridge    Calif. REDHAWK TOWN CENTER 32155 HWY 79     Temecula    Calif. SAND CREEK CROSSING 2440 SAND CREEK ROAD     Brentwood    Calif. SANTEE TROLLEY SQUARE 9850 MISSION GORGE RD     Santee    Calif. UNION SQUARE MARKETPLACE 1780 DECOTO RD BLDG F     Union City     Calif. VICTOR VALLEY TOWN CENTER 17080 BEAR VALLEY ROAD     Victorville    Calif. VINTAGE COMMONS SHOPPING CENTER 3900 SISK ROAD     Modesto    Calif. WESTMINSTER MALL 2036 WESTMINSTER MALL    Wesminster    Calif. WOODSIDE CENTRAL SC 2531 EL CAMINO REAL     Redwood City    Calif. 1950 TULLY RD    San Jose    Calif. 2336 E CESAR E CHAVEZ AVE     Los Angeles    Calif. 2601 OAKDALE RD STE A     Modesto    Calif. 2710 CARSON ST     Lakewood    Calif. 5095 STOCKTON BLVD     Sacramento    Calif. 536 E MANCHESTER AVE     Los Angeles     Calif. 934 MARKET STREET     San Francisco     Calif. 9842 ADAMS SUITE 101     Huntington Beach    Calif. ANAHEIM HILLS FESTIVAL 8108 E SANTA ANA CANYON RD STE 162     Anaheim    Calif. ANAHEIM PLAZA 470 N EUCLID STREET    Anaheim    Calif. APPLEGATE RANCH COMMERCIAL CENTER 1106 COMMERCE AVE     Atwater    Calif. ATLANTIC SQUARE SHOPPING CENTER 2108 S ATLANTIC BLVD     Monterey Park    Calif. BELMONT PLAZA 3282 E ANAHEIM ST     Long Beach    Calif. BRISTOL‐MCFADDEN PLAZA 1150 S BRISTOL ST     Santa Ana    Calif. BROADWAY PLAZA 63 N BROADWAY     Chula Vista    Calif. BUTTERFIELD STAGE SQUARE 700 N MAIN ST     Corona    Calif. CABRILLO CENTER 1423 FREEDOM BLVD     Watsonville    Calif. CENTER AT SLATTEN RANCH 5749 LONE TREE WAY     Antioch    Calif. CERRITOS TOWNE CENTER 12731 A TOWNE CENTER DRIVE SUITE L‐1     Cerritos    Calif. CHINO TOWN CENTER 5533 PHILADELPHIA ST     Chino    Calif. CITRUS VILLAGE 2310 CALIFORNIA AVE     Corona    Calif. CLOVIS COMMONS SC 635 W HERNDON AVE     Clovis    Calif. COLONIES CROSSROADS 1895 NORTH CAMPUS AVE     Upland    Calif. CROSSROADS SHOPPING CENTER 2441 CLARIBEL RD     Riverbank    Calif. CUDAHY PLAZA 7913 ATLANTIC     Cudahy    Calif. E ANAHEIM SHOPPING CENTER 2236 E LINCOLN AVE     Anaheim    Calif. ESPLANADE SC 181 W ESPLANADE DR     Oxnard     Calif. GATEWAY TOWNE CENTER 1633 SOUTH ALAMEDA ST     Compton    Calif. GILROY CROSSING SC 6845 CAMINO ARROYO 60     Gilroy    Calif. GLENDALE FASHION CENTER 215 N GLENDALE AVE     Glendale    Calif. GOSFORD VILLAGE 5041 GOSFORD ROAD     Bakersfield    Calif. HIGHLAND AVENUE PLAZA 4160 HIGHLAND AVENUE SUITE 7     Highland    Calif. JESS RANCH MARKETPLACE 19105 BEAR VALLEY RD     Apple Valley    Calif. LA VERNE TOWNE CENTER 2418 FOOTHILL BLVD UNIT A     La Verne    Calif. LARWIN SQUARE 616 E FIRST STREET     Tustin    Calif. LONG BEACH TOWNE CENTER 7370 CARSON BLVD     Long Beach    Calif. LOS ALTOS PLAZA 2280 BELLFLOWER BLVD     Long Beach    Calif. MACDONALD 80 RETAIL CENTER 4200 MACDONALD AVE STE G     Richmond    Calif. MAIN STREET VILLAGE 1255 E MAIN ST    El Cajon    Calif. MARKETPLACE AT EL PASEO 6591 N RIVERSIDE DR     Fresno    Calif. METRO 580 4515 ROSEWOOD DR     Pleasanton    Calif. MONTE VISTA CROSSING 3027 COUNTRYSIDE DRIVE     Turlock    Calif. NORTH COUNTY SQUARE 1841 UNIVERSITY DRIVE     Vista    Calif. PACKWOOD CREEK S/C 4147 S MOONEY BLVD     Visalia     Calif. PARK WEST PLACE 10734 TRINITY PARKWAY     Stockton    Calif. PICO RIVERA TOWNE CENTER 8820 WASHINGTON BLVD     PICO RIVERA     Calif. PINOLE VISTA CROSSING 1390 FITZGERALD DRIVE     Pinole    Calif. PLAZA 580 4304 LAS POSITAS RD     Livermore    Calif. RIVERHILL PLAZA 1010A BLOSSOM HILL RD    San Jose    Calif. RIVERPOINT MARKETPLACE EAST 771 IKEA COURT SUITE 140    West Sacramento    Calif. RIVERVIEW WEST MARKETPLACE 701 S HARBOR BLVD     Santa Ana    Calif. SAN LEANDRO PLAZA 1299 WASHINGTON AVE     San Leandro    Calif. SAN LUIS OBISPO PROMENADE 487 MADONNA RD     San Luis Obispo    Calif. SANTA MARGARITA TOWN CTR 30606 SANTA MARGARITA PKWY     Rancho Santa Margarita    Calif. SHOPPING AT THE ROSE 2051 ROSE AVENUE     Oxnard     Calif. SONORA CROSSROADS 1215 SANGUINETTI ROAD     Sonora    Calif. STONY POINT PLAZA SHOPPING CENTER 711 STONY POINT RD     Santa Rosa    Calif. SUN LAKES VILLAGE 300 S HIGHLAND SPRINGS AVE     Banning    Calif. THE PLANT SHOPPING CENTER 2151 MONTEREY RD     San Jose    Calif. THE QUAD AT WHITTIER 13522 WHITTIER BLVD    Whittier    Calif. TURNPIKE CENTER 197 S TURNPIKE RD # 199     Santa Barbara    Calif. UNION LANDING 30850 DYER ST     Union City     Calif. VALLEJO CORNERS 908 ADMIRAL CALLAGHAN LN     Vallejo    Calif. VALLEY PLAZA 2701 MING AVE     Bakersfield    Calif. VISALIA MALL 2195 SOUTH MOONEY BLVD     Visalia    Calif. WHITTWOOD TOWN CENTER 15604 WHITTWOOD LANE     Whittier    Calif. 11825 HAWTHORNE BLVD     Hawthorne    Calif. High Plains Shopping Center    Sterling    Colo. Creekside Shopping Center    Lakewood    Colo. Marketplace At Northglenn    Northglenn    Colo. MESA MALL 2424 HIGHWAY 6 AND 50     Grand Junction    Colo. NORTHRIDGE SC 7891 WADSWORTH BLVD     Arvada    Colo. TOWN CENTER AT AURORA 14200 E ALAMEDA AVE     Aurora    Colo. SOUTHWEST PLAZA 8501 W BOWLES AVE     Littleton    Colo. Waterbury Plaza    Waterbury    Conn. Jordan Lane Shopping Center    Wethersfield    Conn. Sand Hill Plaza    Newtown    Conn. Old Saybrook Shopping Center    Old Saybrook    Conn. Strawberry Hill Shopping Center    Norwalk    Conn. 950 WOLCOTT ST     Waterbury    Conn. BRASS MILL CENTER 495 UNION ST     Waterbury    Conn. GROTON SQUARE SC 220 RTE 12 UNIT 4     Groton    Conn. THE SHOPPES AT BUCKLAND HILLS 194 BUCKLAND HILLS DR     Manchester    Conn. TRI‐CITY PLAZA 35 TALCOTVILLE RD VERNON     Rockville    Conn. PROSPECT AVENUE PLAZA 38 KANE STREET     West Hartford    Conn. 6431 Georgia Ave.    Washington    D.C. Good Hope Marketplace Shopping Center    Washington    D.C. 535 Pine Island Road    North Fort Myers    Fla. Perry Plaza    Perry    Fla. 33497 S. Dixie Hwy.    Florida City    Fla. Manor Plaza    Fort Lauderdale    Fla. 7414 University Blvd.    Winter Park    Fla. Silver Hills Shopping Center    Orlando    Fla. Lake Fredrica Shopping Center    Orlando    Fla. Royal Eagle Plaza    Pompano Beach    Fla. Panama City Mall    Panama City    Fla. Sawgrass Mills    Sunrise    Fla. 8201 N. Dale Mabry Hwy.    Tampa    Fla. Tamiami Trails Shops    Miami    Fla. West Oaks Mall    Ocoee    Fla. Sand Lake Corners    Orlando    Fla. Shoppes Of Liberty City    Miami    Fla. Harbor Shops    Fort Lauderdale    Fla. Pembroke Commons Shopping Center    Pembroke Pines    Fla. 19400 S DIXIE HWY     Miami    Fla. 215 LINCOLN RD     Miami Beach    Fla. 6850 W 12TH AVE     Hialeah    Fla. CLEARWATER MALL 2729 GULF TO BAY BLVD     Clearwater    Fla. COUNTRY CLUB PLAZA NORTH 18706 NW 67TH AVENUE    Hialeah    Fla. FLAGLER PARK PLAZA 8297 W FLAGLER ST     Miami    Fla. HOLLYWOOD HILLS PLAZA 3251 HOLLYWOOD BLVD     Hollywood     Fla. NORTHRIDGE SHOPPING CENTER 995 E COMMERCIAL BLVD     Oakland Park    Fla. PEMBROKE LAKES MALL 11401 PINES BLVD    Pembroke Pines    Fla. WESTON COMMONS 4553 WESTON RD     Weston    Fla. 6600 INTERNATIONAL DRIVE     Orlando    Fla. 7276 S W 117 TH AVENUE     Miami    Fla. ALTAMONTE MALL 451 E ALTAMONTE DR     Altamonte Springs    Fla. CHASEWOOD PLAZA 6380 INDIANTOWN RD     Jupiter    Fla. GOVERNOR'S SQUARE MALL 1500 APALACHEE PKY STE 1009     Tallahassee    Fla. KENDALL LAKES PLAZA 14089 SW 88TH STREET     Miami    Fla. LAKESIDE TOWN SHOPS 5840 S UNIVERSITY DR     Davie    Fla. SHERIDAN PLAZA 5101 SHERIDAN ST #24     Hollywood     Fla. SHOPS AT SKYLAKE 1652 NE MIAMI GARDENS DR     North Miami Beach    Fla. THE FOUNTAINS OF MIRAMAR PLAZA 2965 SW 160TH AVE     Miramar    Fla. WESTFORK PLAZA 15887 PINES BOULEVARD     Pembroke Pines    Fla. MALL AT 163RD ST 1443 NE 163RD ST     North Miami Beach    Fla. Savannah Mall    Savannah    Ga. Delk Spectrum Shopping Center    Marietta    Ga. Dublin Shopping Center    Dublin    Ga. North Lake Mall    Atlanta    Ga. Stockbridge Corners    Stockbridge    Ga. AURORA PLAZA S/C 673 PEORIA ST AURORA CO     Brixmor    Ga. BUCKHEAD CROSSING SUITE 47 2625 PIEDMONT ROAD     Atlanta    Ga. FAIRINGTON CENTRE 5445 FAIRINGTON RD     Lithonia    Ga. FT OGLETHORPE SC 400 BATTLEFIELD PKY     Fort Oglethorpe    Ga. INDIAN HILLS SHOPPING CENTER 475 HWY E 53     Calhoun    Ga. PERIMETER MALL 4400 ASHFORD DUNWOODY RD     Atlanta    Ga. WOODSTOCK SQUARE 128 WOODSTOCK SQUARE AVE     Woodstock    Ga. Kukui Marketplace    Lihue    Hawaii Kona Coast Shopping Center    Kailua Kona    Hawaii WINDWARD CITY SC 45‐480 KANEOHE BAY DRIVE B17     Kaneohe    Hawaii Rockton Shopping Center    Rockford    Ill. Hickory Point Mall    Forsyth    Ill. 4111 N. Vermilion    Danville    Ill. Scottsdale Shopping Center    Chicago    Ill. Fountain Square    Waukegan    Ill. 9047 S Commercial Ave.    Chicago    Ill. 4301 Avenue Of The Cities    Moline    Ill. Pine Tree Plaza    Sterling    Ill. Stonebrook Plaza    Merrionette Park    Ill. 5607 W. Belmont Ave.    Chicago    Ill. Lakeview Plaza    Orland Park    Ill. Deerpath Commons Shopping Center    Lake Zurich    Ill. Courtesy Plaza Shopping Center    Chicago    Ill. 13 N STATE ST    Chicago    Ill. QUINCY MALL 3255 BROADWAY    Quincy    Ill. THE SHOPPES AT TWO RIVERS PLAZA 1196 W BOUGHTON    Bolingbrook    Ill. VILLAGE CROSSING 5553 TOUHY AVE     Skokie    Ill. WESTRIDGE COURT 256 S RT 59     Naperville    Ill. 2800 N MILWAUKEE AVE    Chicago     Ill. 4547 N BROADWAY     Chicago     Ill. ADDISON MALL 2909 W ADDISON ST     Chicago     Ill. BRETTWOOD PLAZA SC 3190 N WATER STREET     Decatur    Ill. BROADVIEW VILLAGE SQUARE SC 102 BROADVIEW VILLAGE SQUARE SC     Broadview    Ill. CLOCKTOWER PLAZA 1C CLOCKTOWER PLAZA     Elgin    Ill. HALL PLAZA SHOPPING CENTER 4648 W DIVERSEY AVE     Chicago    Ill. HAWTHORNE WORKS SHOPPING CENTER 4755 W CERMAK RD     Cicero    Ill. LINCOLNWOOD TOWN CENTER 3333 W TOUHY AVE     Lincolnwood    Ill. NORTHWOODS MALL 4501 N WAR MEMORIAL DR     Peoria    Ill. RIVERSIDE SQUARE 3145 S ASHLAND AVE     Chicago    Ill. THE QUARRY SHOPPING CENTER 9430 JOLIET RD     Hodgkins    Ill. THE SHOPS AT FOX RIVER 2922 COMMERCE DR     Johnsburg    Ill. THE BRICKYARD 2700 NORTH NARRAGANSETT    Chicago    Ill. Plaza North    Terre Haute    Ind. 227 E MCGALLIARD RD     Muncie    Ind. 6096 BROADWAY     Merrillville    Ind. MUNCIE MALL 3501 N GRANVILLE AVE     Muncie    Ind. PLAINFIELD COMMONS 2663 E MAIN ST     Plainfield    Ind. Citicentre Plaza    Carroll    Iowa Kimberly Commons    Davenport    Iowa JORDAN CREEK MALL 101 JORDAN CREEK PARKWAY    West Des Moines    Iowa 3511 10Th St.    Great Bend    Kan. Liberal Plaza Shopping Center    Liberal    Kan. 2326 Industrial Road    Emporia    Kan. Hutchinson Mall    Hutchinson    Kan. WEST RIDGE MALL 1801 SW WANAMAKER RD    Topeka    Kan. 2570 S BROADWAY ST SUITE 114     Wichita    Kan. DERBY RETAIL SHOPPING CENTER 1900 NORTH JOHNSON    Derby    Kan. TOWNE WEST SQUARE 4600 W KELLOGG    Wichita    Kan. New Cut Market Center    Louisville    Ky. Towne Square Mall    Owensboro    Ky. Kentucky Oaks Mall    Paducah    Ky. Northside Shoppes    Murray    Ky. Town Fair Center    Louisville    Ky. 2815 Fort Campbell Blvd.    Hopkinsville    Ky. 82 Madison Square Center    Madisonville    Ky. 3928 7TH STREET RD     SHIVELY     Ky. FLORENCE MALL 1174 FLORENCE MALL     FLORENCE    Ky. MALL ST MATTHEWS 5000 SHELBYVILLE RD     LOUISVILLE     Ky. Belleview Plaza Shopping Center    Plaquemine    La. Tiffany Plaza Shopping Center    Abbeville    La. 2517 Hollywood Ave.    Shreveport    La. 610 N. Canal Blvd.    Thibodaux    La. Algiers Plaza    New Orleans    La. Kmart Shopping Center    Shreveport    La. East Side Plaza    Houma    La. Ascension Plaza    Gonzales    La. North Shore Square Mall    Slidell    La. MALL OF LOUISIANA 6401 BLUEBONNET BLVD     BATON ROUGE    La. 1715 ELTON ROAD    JENNINGS    La. 4325 VETERANS MEMORIAL BLVD     METAIRIE     La. PECANLAND MALL 4700 MILLHAVEN RD     MONROE     La. The Shops At Biddeford Crossing    Biddeford    Maine Aroostook Centre    Presque Isle    Maine Broadway Shopping Center    Bangor    Maine Maine Coast Mall    Ellsworth    Maine WESTBROOK PLAZA 11 MAIN ST    WESTBROOK    Maine Scarlet Brook Marketplace    West Boylston    Mass. The Center At Hobbs Brook    Sturbridge    Mass. Berkshire Mall    Lanesboro    Mass. Kingston Collection    Kingston    Mass. Walpole Mall    East Walpole    Mass. Greendale Mall    Worcester    Mass. Eastfield Mall    Springfield    Mass. Westford Valley Marketplace    Westford    Mass. Market Basket Plaza    Raynham    Mass. Wareham Crossing    Wareham    Mass. Shoppes At Blackstone Valley    Millbury    Mass. CRESCENT PLAZA 715 CRESCENT ST    BROCKTON    Mass. NORTH DARTMOUTH MALL 102 N DARTMOUTH MALL     NORTH DARTMOUTH    Mass. WATERTOWN MALL 550 ARSENAL STREET     WATERTOWN    Mass. WOBURN MALL 300 MISHAWUM RD     WOBURN    Mass. 1534 HANCOCK ST # 38     QUINCY    Mass. FESTIVAL AT HYANNIS 1070 IYANNOUGH RD     HYANNIS     Mass. NATICK MALL 1245 WORCESTER ST     NATICK     Mass. UPHAMS CORNER 786 DUDLEY ST     DORCHESTER     Mass. Forest Village Park    Forestville    Md. Federal Plaza    Rockville    Md. Marley Station    Glen Burnie    Md. Eastover Shopping Center    Oxon Hill    Md. ELLSWORTH PLACE MALL 8661 COLESVILLE RD    SILVER SPRING    Md. GALLERY AT HARBORPLACE 200 E PRATT ST     BALTIMORE    Md. MONDAWMIN MALL 2401 LIBERTY HEIGHTS AVE SP 2205     BALTIMORE    Md. PRINCE GEORGES PLAZA 3500 EAST‐WEST HWY     HYATTSVILLE    Md. FRANCIS SCOTT KEY MALL 5500 BUCKEYSTOWN PIKE    FREDERICK     Md. LAKEFOREST MALL 701 RUSSELL AVE     GAITHERSBURG     Md. MALL IN COLUMBIA 10300 LITTLE PATUXENT PARKWAY     COLUMBIA     Md. MONTGOMERY VILLAGE CROSSING 9659 LOST KNIFE RD     GAITHERSBURG     Md. TOWSON TOWN CENTER 825 DULANEY VALLEY RD     TOWSON     Md. VALLEY MALL 17301 VALLEY MALL RD     HAGERSTOWN     Md. WHITE MARSH MALL 8200 PERRY HALL BLVD     BALTIMORE     Md. WHITE OAK S/C 11281 NEW HAMPSHIRE AVE     SILVER SPRING     Md. Orchards Mall    Benton Harbor    Mich. Adrian Mall    Adrian    Mich. 1435 N. Mitchell St.    Cadillac    Mich. 5616 W. Vernor Hwy.    Detroit    Mich. The Mall Of Monroe    Monroe    Mich. Meridian Mall    Okemos    Mich. Bay City Mall    Bay City    Mich. Alpena Mall    Alpena    Mich. Sterling Ponds Shopping Center    Sterling Heights    Mich. Big Rapids Commons Shopping Center    Big Rapids    Mich. REDFORD PLAZA S/C 9311 TELEGRAPH RD     REDFORD    Mich. WOODLAND MALL 3135 28TH ST SE     GRAND RAPIDS    Mich. 12850 MICHIGAN AVENUE     DEARBORN     Mich. 3210 E MICHIGAN AVENUE     JACKSON    Mich. LAKESIDE MALL 14600 LAKESIDE CIRCLE     STERLING HEIGHTS     Mich. MADISON PLACE 32107 JOHN R RD     MADISON HEIGHTS     Mich. RIVERTOWN CROSSING 3700 RIVERTOWN PARKWAY     GRANDVILLE     Mich. THE GATEWAY AT DETROIT 1371 WEST 8 MILE RD     HIGHLAND PARK     Mich. 8621 East Point Douglas Road    Cottage Grove    Minn. Easten Shopping Center    Moorhead    Minn. Medford Outlet Center    Medford    Minn. Elk Park Center    Elk River    Minn. APACHE MALL 1201 12TH STREET SW SUITE 505     ROCHESTER     Minn. WOODBURY COMMONS 10150 HUDSON RD     WOODBURY     Minn. 712 Bartur St.    Hattiesburg    Miss. 981 Brookway Blvd.    Brookhaven    Miss. 2911 Terry Road    Jackson    Miss. Yazooville Shopping Center    Yazoo City    Miss. North Park Mall    Ridgeland    Miss. Edgewood Mall    Mccomb    Miss. 832 S. State St.    Clarksdale    Miss. Bonita Lakes Mall    Meridian    Miss. 408 E SUNFLOWER RD     CLEVELAND     Miss. HIGHLAND PARK SHOPPING CENTER 615 WEST PARK AVE     GREENWOOD     Miss. LODEN CENTER 688 HIGHWAY 6 EAST     BATESVILLE     Miss. PINETREE VILLAGE 2243 HIGHWAY 15 N     LAUREL     Miss. 11115 E. Truman Road    Independence    Mo. Southtown Shopping Center    Chillicothe    Mo. Truman's Marketplace Shopping Center    Grandview    Mo. 1758 S. 20Th St.    Ozark    Mo. Water Tower Place    Arnold    Mo. Hastings Plaza    Kirksville    Mo. Maryville Shopping Center    Maryville    Mo. Southpoint Shopping Center    Sikeston    Mo. Osage Beach Premium Outlets    Osage Beach    Mo. Chesterfield Mall    Chesterfield    Mo. North Cass Center    Belton    Mo. Kirkwood Commons    Kirkwood    Mo. MAPLEWOOD COMMONS 2015 MAPLEWOOD COMMONS DR     MAPLEWOOD    Mo. ADAMS DAIRY LANDING 1154 NE CORONADO DRIVE     BLUE SPRINGS     Mo. COLUMBIA MALL 2300 BERNADETTE DR     COLUMBIA     Mo. SAINT LOUIS GALLERIA 2158 SAINT LOUIS GALLERIA     SAINT LOUIS     Mo. Shops At Mount Airy    Mount Airy    N.C. Northgate Shopping Center    Fayetteville    N.C. Commerce Center    New Bern    N.C. GALLERIA SHOPPING CENTER 1816 GALLERIA BLVD     CHARLOTTE    N.C. LAWNDALE CROSSING 2601 LAWNDALE DR     GREENSBORO    N.C. FOUR SEASONS TOWN CENTRE 328 FOUR SEASONS TOWN CENTRE     GREENSBORO     N.C. HERITAGE CROSSING 3401 RALEIGH ROAD PKWY W STE 1 B     WILSON     N.C. Seacoast Shopping Center    Seabrook    N.H. Rochester Marketplace    Rochester    N.H. K MART SHOPPING CENTER 200 S MAIN ST UNIT 5     WEST LEBANON    N.H. EPPING CROSSING 29 FRESH RIVER ROAD     EPPING     N.H. Lowes Shopping Center    East Rutherford    N.J. Marlton Crossing    Marlton    N.J. Mid State Mall    East Brunswick    N.J. Phillipsburg Mall    Phillipsburg    N.J. 574 Bloomfield Ave.    Bloomfield    N.J. Acme Plaza    Cape May Court House    N.J. Marlboro Plaza    Englishtown    N.J. 1705 WILDWOOD BLVD     RIO GRANDE    N.J. COLLEGETOWN SHOPPING CENTER 789 N DELSEA DR     GLASSBORO    N.J. LYNDHURST TOWNE CENTRE 409 VALLEY BROOK AVE     LYNDHURST    N.J. MORRIS HILLS SHOPPING CENTER 3085 ROUTE 46     PARSIPPANY    N.J. WOODBRIDGE CENTER MALL 102 WOODBRIDGE CENTER DR     WOODBRIDGE    N.J. CHERRY HILL MALL 2000 ROUTE 38 UNIT 1013     CHERRY HILL     N.J. CUMBERLAND MALL 3849 S DELSEA DR     VINELAND     N.J. HILLSBOROUGH PROMENADE 315 ROUTE 206     HILLSBOROUGH     N.J. MOORESTOWN MALL 400 W ROUTE 38     MOORESTOWN     N.J. WALMART CENTER 8800 TONNELLE AVE     NORTH BERGEN     N.J. Sycamore Plaza    Albuquerque    N.M. 501 S. Main St.    Roswell    N.M. Mills Plaza Shopping Center    Las Vegas    N.M. Roswell Center    Roswell    N.M. White Sands Mall    Alamogordo    N.M. 2270 MAIN STREET NW SUITE F     LOS LUNAS    N.M. CORONADO CENTER MALL 6600 MENAUL BLVD NE STE J06A     ALBUQUERQUE    N.M. Harriman Commons    Monroe    N.Y. 29 W. Fordham Road    Bronx    N.Y. Delaware Plaza    Delmar    N.Y. Shoppingtown Mall    Dewitt    N.Y. Northern Lights Shopping Center    North Syracuse    N.Y. Great Northern Mall    Clay    N.Y. St. Lawrence Centre    Massena    N.Y. Eastern Hills Shopping Center    Williamsville    N.Y. 137 State Route 104    Oswego    N.Y. 45 E. Main St.    Patchogue    N.Y. Yorktown Green Shopping Center    Yorktown Heights    N.Y. 219 West 34Th St. #223    New York    N.Y. Century 21 Plaza    Westbury    N.Y. Roosevelt Field Mall    Garden City    N.Y. South Shore Commons    Staten Island    N.Y. 5999 S. Park Ave.    Hamburg    N.Y. 301 Meadow Drive    North Tonawanda    N.Y. Panorama Plaza    Rochester    N.Y. Aurora Village Shopping Center    East Aurora    N.Y. 3189 County Road 10    Canandaigua    N.Y. Genesee Valley Shopping Center    Geneseo    N.Y. Eastgate Plaza    Williamsville    N.Y. 1 SANGERTOWN SQUARE MALL  8555 SENECA TURNPIKE     NEW HARTFORD    N.Y. 1432 ROCKAWAY PKY     BROOKLYN    N.Y. 1713 CHURCH AVENUE     BROOKLYN    N.Y. 175 DYCKMAN ST FRNT 3     NEW YORK    N.Y. 186 W 231ST ST     BRONX    N.Y. 37‐40 74TH STREET     JACKSON HEIGHTS    N.Y. CENTRAL ISLIP TOWN CENTER 60 N RESEARCH PLACE CENTRAL     ISLIP    N.Y. GEORGETOWN SHOPPING CENTER 2135 RALPH AVE # 19     BROOKLYN    N.Y. LAKE SUCCESS SC 1430 UNION TURNPIKE     NEW HYDE PARK    N.Y. NORTH MASSAPEQUA SC 4250 JERUSALEM AVE     MASSAPEQUA    N.Y. SALMON RUN MALL 21182 SALMON RUN MALL LOOP WEST     WATERTOWN    N.Y. SKY VIEW SHOPPING CENTER 40‐24 COLLEGE POINT BOULEVARD     FLUSHING    N.Y. TOPS MALL 5849 S TRANSIT RD     LOCKPORT    N.Y. VILLAGE COMMONS SC 62 E MAIN ST     SMITHTOWN    N.Y. VINEYARD PLAZA 3964 VINEYARD DR     DUNKIRK    N.Y. 209 E FORDHAM RD    BRONX     N.Y. 2143 3RD AVE     NEW YORK     N.Y. 22‐48 31ST ST     ASTORIA     N.Y. 2410 MERRICK RD     BELLMORE    N.Y. 3122 FARRINGTON ST     FLUSHING    N.Y. 42‐01 BELL BLVD     FLUSHING     N.Y. 437 5TH AVE     NEW YORK     N.Y. 459 FULTON ST # 461     BROOKLYN     N.Y. 510 FULTON ST     BROOKLYN     N.Y. 556 W 181ST     NEW YORK     N.Y. 600 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS     NEW YORK     N.Y. 71 FOREST AVENUE    GLEN COVE     N.Y. 712 BRIGHTON BEACH AVENUE     BROOKLYN     N.Y. BRIDGEHAMPTON COMMONS 2024 MONTAUK HWY     BRIDGEHAMPTON     N.Y. CORTLANDT TOWN CENTER 3137 MAIN ST     MOHEGAN LAKE     N.Y. ELMONT SHOPPING CENTER 1445 HEMPSTEAD TPKE     ELMONT     N.Y. GALLERIA AT CRYSTAL RUN 1 N GALLERIA DRIVE     MIDDLETOWN    N.Y. GARDINER MANOR MALL 846 SUNRISE HWY     BAY SHORE     N.Y. JEFFERSON VALLEY MALL 650 LEE BLVD SPACE F‐22     YORKTOWN HEIGHTS     N.Y. ROCKBOTTOM SC 710 FRANKLIN AVE     FRANKLIN SQUARE     N.Y. STATEN ISLAND MALL 2655 RICHMOND AVENUE     STATEN ISLAND     N.Y. THE GALLERIA AT WHITE PLAINS 100 MAIN ST     WHITE PLAINS     N.Y. THE HUB AT HEMPSTEAD SHOPPING CENTER 144 FULTON AVE     HEMPSTEAD     N.Y. Vinton Square Shopping Center    Omaha    Neb. Oak View Mall    Omaha    Neb. WESTERN SPRINGS SC 2587 S 177 PLAZA     OMAHA    Neb. THE SHOPPES AT MARKET POINTE 8540 S 71ST PLAZA     PAPILLION     Neb. Carson Valley Fair Shopping Center    Gardnerville    Nev. WESTLAND FAIR 4469 WEST CHARLESTON     LAS VEGAS    Nev. THE MEADOWS MALL 4300 MEADOWS LANE     LAS VEGAS     Nev. 642 Race St.    Cincinnati    Ohio Delhi Shopping Center    Cincinnati    Ohio Chapel Hill Mall    Akron    Ohio Tri-County Mall    Springdale    Ohio Eastland Mall    Columbus    Ohio Vineyard Plaza    Eastlake    Ohio Midway Mall    Elyria    Ohio East Gate Shopping Center    Lima    Ohio 1932 Lincoln Way E.    Massillon    Ohio 805 Memorial Drive    Lancaster    Ohio 3390 S. High St.    Columbus    Ohio Knox Village Square    Mount Vernon    Ohio CREEKSIDE COMMONS 9575 MENTOR AVENUE     MENTOR    Ohio SOUTHERN PARK MALL 7401 MARKET ST     BOARDMAN    Ohio 2332 GALLIA STREET     PORTSMOUTH     Ohio BROAD STREET PLAZA EAST 8126 EAST BROAD STREET     REYNOLDSBURG     Ohio EASTON GATEWAY 4175 WEAVERTON LANE     COLUMBUS    Ohio GREAT LAKES MALL 7850 MENTOR AVE     MENTOR     Ohio LEE HARVARD SC 4071 LEE RD     CLEVELAND     Ohio RIVER VALLEY MALL 1635 RIVER VALLEY CIR     LANCASTER     Ohio 71 S SPRINGBORO PIKE     MIAMISBURG    Ohio 2500 NW 23Rd St.    Oklahoma City    Okla. 2175 S. Sheridan Road    Tulsa    Okla. 2720 N. 14Th St.    Ponca City    Okla. Springs Village    Sand Springs    Okla. Bunker Hill Shopping Center    Altus    Okla. 321 S. Main St.    Sapulpa    Okla. 1720E S. Broadway    Edmond    Okla. Central Mall    Lawton    Okla. 7401 S Shields Blvd.    Oklahoma City    Okla. Edmond Plaza Shopping Center    Edmond    Okla. 2901 Nw 63Rd St.    Oklahoma City    Okla. Damann Plaza    Norman    Okla. PENN PARK SHOPPING CENTER 1413 W I240 SERVICE RD     OKLAHOMA CITY    Okla. ARLINGTON CENTER 820 ARLINGTON CTR     ADA     Okla. QUAIL SPRINGS MALL 2501 W MEMORIAL RD     OKLAHOMA CITY     Okla. RIVERWALK CENTRE 2724 S TELEPHONE RD     MOORE     Okla. SOONER MALL 3215 W MAIN ST     NORMAN     Okla. WESTGATE MARKETPLACE 5924 SW 3RD ST     OKLAHOMA CITY     Okla. Milwaukie Market Place    Milwaukie    Ore. 11621 Island Ave.    La Grande    Ore. Cascade Commons    Hood River    Ore. Pacific Plaza Shopping Center    Newport    Ore. Pioneer Plaza    Springfield    Ore. CLACKAMAS PROMENADE 8966 SE SUNNYSIDE RD     CLACKAMAS    Ore. CLACKAMAS TOWN CENTER 12000 SE 82ND AVE     HAPPY VALLEY     Ore. GATEWAY MALL 3000 GATEWAY ST     SPRINGFIELD     Ore. SUPER WALMART PLAZA 3815 DEVONSHIRE AVE NE     SALEM     Ore. Washington Crown Center    Washington    Pa. Bristol Commerce Plaza    Bristol    Pa. Montgomery Square Shopping Center    North Wales    Pa. Galleria At Pittsburgh Mills    Tarentum    Pa. Wind Gap Plaza    Wind Gap    Pa. Rockvale Square    Lancaster    Pa. Plank Road Commons    Altoona    Pa. Aliquippa Shopping Center    Aliquippa    Pa. 997 Wildlife Lodge Road    Lower Burrell    Pa. Countryside Shopping Center    Mount Pleasant    Pa. Bradford Town Center    Towanda    Pa. CAPITAL CITY MALL 3517 CAPITAL CITY MALL DR     CAMP HILL    Pa. PARK CITY CENTER 840 PARK CITY CENTER     LANCASTER    Pa. PLYMOUTH MEETING MALL 500 W GERMAN TOWN PIKE     PLYMOUTH MEETING    Pa. WEST VALLEY MARKETPLACE 1091 MILLCREEK RD     ALLENTOWN    Pa. WYOMING VALLEY MALL 9 WYOMING VALLEY MALL     WILKES BARRE    Pa. BARN PLAZA SC 1745 S EASTON RD     DOYLESTOWN     Pa. ERIE MARKET PLACE 6714 PEACH ST     ERIE    Pa. EXTON SQUARE MALL 182 EXTON SQUARE MALL     EXTON     Pa. KIMBERLY PLAZA SC 17 KIMBERLY PLAZA     CRANBERRY     Pa. LOGAN VALLEY MALL 740 LOGAN VALLEY MALL     ALTOONA     Pa. SUSQUAHANNA VALLEY MALL 1 SUSQUAHANNA VALLEY MALL     SELINSGROVE     Pa. THE COURT OF UPPER PROVIDENCE 1836 E  RIDGE PIKE STE # 104     ROYERSFORD     Pa. VIEWMONT MALL 800 VIEWMONT MALL     SCRANTON     Pa. WHITEHALL MALL 1213 WHITEHALL MALL     WHITEHALL     Pa. WILKES BARRE MARKETPLACE 2160 HIGHLAND PARK BLVD     WILKES BARRE     Pa. 65TH INFANTRY SHOPPING CENTER AVE 65 INFANTERIA SPACE 15     SAN JUAN    PR PLAZA DEL NORTE MALL 506 CALLE TRUNCADO     HATILLO    PR PLAZA ESCORIAL 5840 PLAZA ESCORIAL     CAROLINA    PR PLAZA GUAYNABO SC CALLE MARGINAL ESMERALDA #130     GUAYNABO    PR PLAZA RIO HONDO MALL 60 AVE RIO HONDO STE 50     BAYAMON    PR CALLE FORTALEZA 254     SAN JUAN     PR DORADO DEL MAR SC 500 CARR 693     DORADO     PR LOS COLOBOS SC 14220 AVE 65 INFANTERIA     CAROLINA PR    PR PLAZA CENTRO I 200 AVE RAFAEL CORDERO     CAGUAS    PR PLAZA DEL ATLANTICO 1400 AVE MIRAMAR     ARECIBO     PR PLAZA ISABELA 3535 AVE MILITAR     ISABELA     PR PLAZA PALMA REAL 350 CARR 3     HUMACAO PR    PR REXVILLE TOWNE CENTER 3009 CARR 167     BAYAMON     PR PROVIDENCE PLACE MALL 146 PROVIDENCE PLACE     PROVIDENCE     R.I. MAGNOLIA MALL 2701 DAVID H MCLEOD BLVD    FLORENCE     S.C. Yankton Mall    Yankton    S.D. K Mart Center    Sioux Falls    S.D. 720 25Th Ave.    Brookings    S.D. RUSHMORE MALL 2200 N MAPLE AVE     RAPID CITY     S.D. Columbia Mall    Columbia    Tenn. 3122 Lamar Ave.    Memphis    Tenn. 2097 S Highland Ave.    Jackson    Tenn. Maryville Commons    Maryville    Tenn. West Towne Shopping Center    Jackson    Tenn. 500 HIGHWAY 46 S     DICKSON     Tenn. DYERSBURG MALL 2700 LAKE RD     DYERSBURG     Tenn. GERMANTOWN PKWY 465 N GERMANTOWN PARKWAY     CORDOVA     Tenn. KNOXVILLE CENTER 3006 N MALL RD     KNOXVILLE     Tenn. Lubbock Shopping Center    Lubbock    Texas KB Plaza    Amarillo    Texas Westview Shopping Center    Plainview    Texas 2201 Texoma Pkwy    Sherman    Texas San Benito Plaza    San Benito    Texas 3712 Gulfway Drive    Port Arthur    Texas Sunset Mall    San Angelo    Texas 9405 Jensen Drive    Houston    Texas Telephone Road Shopping Center    Houston    Texas Roanoke Crossing Shops    Roanoke    Texas Haberle Plaza    Jacksonville    Texas Crossroads Shopping Center    Vidor    Texas The Marketplace At Bob Bullock    Laredo    Texas Irving Town Center    Irving    Texas 2011 S. Gregg St.    Big Spring    Texas The Crossing    Mineral Wells    Texas Cielo Vista Mall    El Paso    Texas Collin Creek Mall    Plano    Texas Dumas Center    Dumas    Texas Pearland Parkway Village    Houston    Texas El Dorado Marketplace    Friendswood    Texas Sunland Park Mall    El Paso    Texas Killeen Mall    Killeen    Texas The Crossing At Fort Bend    Houston    Texas 2121 S. Brahma    Kingsville    Texas Hearthstone Corners    Houston    Texas 5150 Southland Blvd.    San Angelo    Texas Four Corners-Angleton    Angleton    Texas 308 W. Commerce    Brownwood    Texas Eastgate Shopping Center    Bellmead    Texas 1813 South Padre Island Drive    Corpus Christi    Texas 2664 Demory Lane    Aransas Pass    Texas Parliament Plaza    San Antonio    Texas 4605 Avenue H    Rosenberg    Texas Weatherford Commons    Weatherford    Texas Beach Street Commons    Fort Worth    Texas 1020 Sw Military Drive    San Antonio    Texas 2927 Nogalitos    San Antonio    Texas 11003 1/2 Market Street Road    Houston    Texas 9417 Mesa    Houston    Texas 5401 Kenwood Drive    Rowlett    Texas 7715 Wesley Road    Greenville    Texas Valle Vista Mall    Harlingen    Texas 2219 Fulton St.    Houston    Texas 119 S. Stanton St.    El Paso    Texas Sharyland Towne Crossing    Mission    Texas Laredo Crossing    Laredo    Texas Military Drive Plaza    San Antonio    Texas Barton Creek Square    Austin    Texas Austin Highway Retail Center    San Antonio    Texas Walzem Plaza    San Antonio    Texas Spencer Shopping Center    South Houston    Texas 201 Convent Ave.    Laredo    Texas Madison's Market Shopping Center    San Antonio    Texas Parkdale Mall    Beaumont    Texas Shops At Tech Ridge    Austin    Texas 100 Soledad    San Antonio    Texas Sikes Center Mall    Wichita Falls    Texas 100 W. Main St.    Eagle Pass    Texas Dellview Marketplace    San Antonio    Texas Fiesta Shopping Center    Houston    Texas Bay Park Shopping Center    La Marque    Texas 1900 N. Lee Trevino Drive    El Paso    Texas Pioneer Parkway    Arlington    Texas Casa View Shopping Center    Dallas    Texas 301 Constitution Drive    Copperas Cove    Texas 10100 BEECHNUT DRIVE SUITE 130     HOUSTON    Texas 1102 S EXPRESSWAY 83     HARLINGEN    Texas 2400 E SAUNDERS ST     LAREDO    Texas FAIRWAY CENTRE 5765 FAIRMONT PKWY     PASADENA    Texas FIRST COLONY MALL 16535 SW FREEWAY     SUGAR LAND    Texas MARKET AT NOLANA SHOPPING CENTER 2812 W NOLANA AVE     MCALLEN    Texas MARKET HEIGHTS SHOPPING CENTER 201 E CENTRAL TEXAS EXPY     HARKER HEIGHTS    Texas MARKET SQUARE AT ELDRIDGE PKWY 2930 ELDRIDGE PKWY     HOUSTON    Texas MOORE PLAZA 5425 S PADRE ISLAND DR     CORPUS CHRISTI    Texas NORTH STAR MALL 7400 SAN PEDRO     SAN ANTONIO    Texas STEGERTOWN CROSSING 824 STEGER TOWN DR     ROCKWALL    Texas 1064 FM 802     BROWNSVILLE     Texas 11915 PERRIN BEITEL RD     SAN ANTONIO     Texas 3310 MANSFIELD HWY     FORT WORTH    Texas 500 S EL PASO ST     EL PASO     Texas 7845 N MESA ST     EL PASO     Texas 9300 SOUTH I‐35 SUITE A‐300     AUSTIN     Texas ALLEN CENTRAL MARKET 210 CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY     SOUTH ALLEN     Texas ANTOINE TOWN CENTER 12430 TOMBALL PARKWAY     HOUSTON     Texas BROADWAY PLAZA 5986 BROADWAY BLVD     GARLAND     Texas BROOK CORNER SC 3207 SE MILITARY DRIVE     SAN ANTONIO     Texas BUENA VISTA PLAZA 100 S ZARZAMORA ST STE 208     SAN ANTONIO     Texas CENTRAL MARKETPLACE 901 S 10TH ST STE 210     MCALLEN     Texas DEERBROOK MALL 20131 HIGHWAY 59 N     HUMBLE    Texas DENTON TOWN CROSSING 1719 S LOOP 288     DENTON     Texas HARRISBURG‐WAYSIDE SC 6828 HARRISBURG BLVD     HOUSTON     Texas HERITAGE CENTER 5049 NORTH CENTRAL EXPWY     PLANO     Texas HIGHLANDS OF FLOWER MOUND 6101 LONG PRAIRIE RD     FLOWER MOUND     Texas HULEN MALL 4800 S HULEN ST STE 102     FORT WORTH     Texas KATY SHOPPING CENTER 2001 KATY MILLS BLVD SUITE Q     KATY     Texas LAKE PRAIRIE CROSSING 5256 S STATE HWY 360     GRAND PRAIRIE     Texas LAS PALMAS MARKETPLACET 11917 GATEWAY BLVD WEST     EL PASO     Texas LAS TIENDAS PLAZA 431 E MORRISON RD     BROWNSVILLE     Texas MARKET PLACE SHOPPING CENTER 3052 SOUTH 31ST STREET     TEMPLE     Texas MCKINNEY TOWNE CROSSING 8720 STATE HIGHWAY 121     MCKINNEY     Texas NORTHWEST MARKET PLACE 13754 NORTHWEST FREEWAY     HOUSTON     Texas PALM VALLEY PLAZA SHOPPING CENTER 4500 E PALM VALLEY BLVD     ROUND ROCK     Texas PALMHURST SHOPPING CENTER 4324 NORTH CONWAY     PALMHURST     Texas ROLLING OAKS MALL 6909 N LOOP 1604 E     SAN ANTONIO     Texas SHERMAN TOWN CENTER 4172 TOWN CENTER STREET     SHERMAN     Texas SHOPS AT ROYAL OAKS 2600 S KIRKWOOD DR     HOUSTON     Texas SUNLAND PLAZA 725 SUNLAND PARK DR     EL PASO    Texas THE CENTER AT PEARLAND PARKWAY 2650 PEARLAND PARKWAY SUITE 120     PEARLAND     Texas THE SHOPS AT LA CANTERA 15900 LA CANTERA PARKWAY SUITE #9900     SAN ANTONIO     Texas THE WOODLANDS MALL 1201 LAKE WOODLANDS DRIVE SPACE 1220     THE WOODLANDS     Texas UVALDE RETAIL CENTER 3030 E MAIN ST     UVALDE     Texas WALMART SUBDIVISION 4524 E HWY 83     RIO GRANDE CITY     Texas WESTGATE MALL 7701 W I‐40     AMARILLO     Texas WESTLAKES SHOPPING CENTER 8223 MARBACH ROAD     SAN ANTONIO     Texas WESTOVER PLACE SHOPPING CENTER 8219 STATE HIGHWAY 151     SAN ANTONIO     Texas WILLOWBROOK MALL 7925 FM 1960 RD W     HOUSTON     Texas Castle Rock Shopping Center    Price    Utah 973 W. North Temple    Salt Lake City    Utah 9179 Village Shop Drive    Sandy    Utah Haygood Shopping Center    Virginia Beach    Va. Tanglewood Mall    Roanoke    Va. Chesapeake Square    Chesapeake    Va. Battlefield Shopping Center    Leesburg    Va. Virginia Center Commons    Glen Allen    Va. Chippenham Forest Square    Richmond    Va. CHANTILLY CROSSING 14403 CHANTILLY CROSSING LANE     CHANTILLY    Va. PLAZA AT LANDMARK 6198F LITTLE RIVER TURNPIKE     ALEXANDRIA    Va. FAIR LAKES CENTER 12999 FAIRLAKES CENTER     FAIRFAX     Va. HILLTOP NORTH SHOPPING CENTER 751 HILLTOP NORTH SHOPPING CENTER     VIRGINIA BEACH     Va. MANASSAS MALL 8300 SUDLEY RD     MANASSAS     Va. 46 124 MONTICELLO MARKETPLACE 4640 MONTICELLO AVE     WILLIAMSBURG     Va. PATRICK HENRY MALL 12300 JEFFERSON AVE     NEWPORT NEWS    Va. SPRINGFIELD MALL 6829 SPRINGFIELD MALL     SPRINGFIELD     Va. TYSON CROSSINGS 8353 LEESBURG PIKE     VIENNA     Va. Highgate Commons Shopping Center    Saint Albans    Vt. Berlin Mall    Berlin    Vt. Charleston Town Center    Charleston    W.Va. Morgantown Mall    Morgantown    W.Va. GRAND CENTRAL MALL 285 GRAND CENTRAL MALL     VIENNA     W.Va. College Market Place    Poulsbo    Wash. Three Rivers Mall    Kelso    Wash. Marysville Kmart Plaza    Marysville    Wash. Cascade Mall    Burlington    Wash. 14991 N KELSEY ST     MONROE    Wash. ALDERWOOD MALL 3000 184TH STREET SW     LYNNWOOD     Wash. AUBURN NORTH S/C 1215 AUBURN WAY N     AUBURN     Wash. BELLIS FAIR MALL 1 BELLIS FAIR PKWY     BELLINGHAM     Wash. COMMONS AT ISSAQUAH 755 NORTH WEST GILMAN SUITE S     ISSAQUAH     Wash. COVINGTON PLAZA 16929 SE 270TH PLACE    COVINGTON     Wash. NORTHPOINTE PLAZA 9762 N NEWPORT HWY     SPOKANE     Wash. ßSHADLE SC 2401 W WELLESLEY AVE     SPOKANE     Wash. SOUTH HILL PLAZA 3860 S MERIDIAN ST     PUYALLUP     Wash. WESTWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 2600 SW BARTON ST     SEATTLE     Wash. 4181 N. 56Th St.    Milwaukee    Wis. Grand Avenue Mall    Milwaukee    Wis. Lincoln Plaza    Rhinelander    Wis. Wausau Center Mall    Wausau    Wis. 1925 S KOELLER STREET     OSHKOSH    Wis. 6400 N 76TH ST     MILWAUKEE    Wis. VALLEY VIEW MALL 3800 STATE ROAD 16     LA CROSSE    Wis. FOX RIVER MALL 4301 W WISCONSIN AVE SUITE 100     APPLETON     Wis. MAYFAIR MALL 2500 N MAYFAIR ROAD     WAUWATOSA     Wis. OAKWOOD MALL 4800 GOLF RD     EAU CLAIRE     Wis. 101 Gateway Blvd.    Rock Springs    Wyo. Camel Plaza    Gillette    Wyo. Eastridge Mall    Casper    Wyo. 612 CONNECTTWEET 34 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2roXokr
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Analysis 7 takeaways from Mary Meeker’s 2017 Internet Trends report Kevin Kelleher@kpkelleher May 31, 2017 1:45 PM Above: Kleiner Perkins partner Mary Meeker at the Code Conference. Image Credit: Dylan Tweney/VentureBeat Mary Meeker’s Internet Trends report has become an annual ritual for Silicon Valley. It’s as if the tech industry had an annual physical exam and received a health report in the form of a 355-page presentation. As in years past, Meeker’s 2017 report contained a few notable trends in its firehose of data points, which are interesting in how they show the tech industry evolving. Here are some of the key takeaways. Growth in Internet population is slowing, but growth in online ads is accelerating. The number of global users on the Internet reached 3.4 billion in 2016, equal to 46 percent of the world’s population. That’s more than double the figure in 2009, but the growth rate has flatlined around 10 percent a year for the past five years. Meanwhile, growth in online advertising is accelerating, at least in the U.S. Digital advertising rose 22 percent to $73 billion last year, up from 20 percent in 2015 and 15 percent in 2014. Unsurprisingly, the growth is coming from mobile ads, which is growing fast enough to more than offset a decline in desktop ads. Meeker said that the amount of money spent on digital ads will surpass spending on TV ads sometime in the next six months. Ecommerce growth is also accelerating. That online-retail sales is growing year after year is a given. But the pace of growth has been accelerating for the past three years, rising steadily from 14 percent in 2013 to 15 percent last year. Credit Amazon, of course, but Walmart is also seeing new online growth in the wake of its purchase of deep-discount site Jet.com. Meanwhile, physical retailers are expected to close nearly 1,700 shops in the U.S., the largest number in 20 years, the report says. Those closings have more to do with unwise overexpansion in recent years than Amazon or ecommerce in general. Gaming continues to lead and shape the online experience. Another unsurprising insight concerns the growth and popularity in gaming, but it’s interesting to see the figures Meeker has collected to show that growth. Meeker estimates that there are 2.6 billion gamers around the world, up from 100 million in 1995. The gaming industry generated $100 billion in global revenue last year, with nearly half of that, $47 billion, coming from Asia. Games are central to defining the overall online experience. In her presentation, Meeker speculated that they may be preparing society for the rise of human-computer interaction. Revenue in the music industry is rising again. The Internet has not been kind to the music recording industry. For the past 16 years, revenue has declined by an average of 4 percent a year. The rate of decline had slowed in the past several years as downloaded and streaming music began to offset the vanishing sales of CDs. Last year, overall music revenue grew by 11% to more than $12 billion, its highest figure since 2009. Subscription and streaming revenue made up more than half of the total figure for the first time. Digital health care is approaching an inflection point. Health care is at once a data-driven industry and one that is perhaps the worst at managing data. Meeker says health care “is at a digital inflection point,” one of those terms that act as red meat for investors because it signals strong growth ahead. The rise of fitness trackers and health apps are collecting more user data than ever, while hospitals are sharing more health care information with patients. The average hospital holds 50 petabytes of health care data, and the total amount of that data is growing by 48 percent a year, Meeker says. The bottleneck to analyzing that data is patient privacy. Health care data can be used to the benefit and the detriment of patients. A survey of consumers asking which tech companies they’d share their health data with shows 60 percent trust Google and 56 percent trust Microsoft. Less trusted are Amazon and Facebook — only 39 percent of consumers would share health data with them. China is growing as a tech rival to the U.S. The biggest market caps in tech belong to none other than the Big Four: Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, and Facebook. Together, they are worth a collective $2.4 trillion. But seven of the next 16 on the list are Chinese companies like Tencent and Alibaba. Those seven are worth $929 billion in aggregate. U.S. companies may still dominate the money invested in tech, but China’s rivals are quickly catching up. Immigrants are core to the Valley’s DNA. The story of Silicon Valley is in good part the story of immigrants who have played a part in building and shaping its technology. Meeker looked at the 25 most highly valued tech companies and found that 15 of them had founders who were first- or second-generation Americans. The shift in the Trump Administration’s “America first” stance on work visas may put that in jeopardy. To underscore the importance of foreign workers and founders in tech, Meeker showed that half of the most highly valued private tech companies were founded by first-generation immigrants. Those companies — including Uber, SpaceX, and Slack — have created 48,000 jobs. The full report can be found here VentureBeat's PC Gaming channel is presented by the Intel® Game Dev program. Stay informed about the latest game dev tools and tips. Get the news you can use. VB Recommendations Adobe launches free document scanning app for Android and iOS Kerbal Space Program has a new owner: Grand Theft Auto publisher Take-Two The dangers of hacking back
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Clear. Tonight A clear sky. Low 47F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 31, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP The Latest: Sister calls Uber driver's death horrifying, sad May 31, 2017 Updated 33 min ago 0 LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. (AP) — The Latest on charges filed against teenager in death of Uber driver. (all times local): 8 p.m. Horrifying and saddening is how the sister of an Uber driver is describing his death, allegedly at the hands of a teenage Chicago girl who is charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Prosecutors said Wednesday 16-year-old Eliza Wasni walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at Grant Nelson. The 34-year-old Nelson of Wilmette died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker. Police say they tracked down Wasni after she crashed Nelson's car and tried to flee on foot. She was in possession of the machete and knife. Nelson's sister, Alexandra, says his death is a loss of intelligence, conversation, nuance and thoughtfulness that he brought to into many lives. Assistant Public Defender David McMahon says Wasni has no previous criminal record, attends high school and lives with her mother. ___ 3:15 p.m. Prosecutors say a teenage girl used a stolen machete and a knife during a fatal attack on a suburban Chicago Uber driver. Eliza Wasni is charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the death of Grant Nelson of Wilmette. A Cook County judge on Wednesday ordered the 16-year-old Wasni of Chicago held without bond. Assistant State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham says the 34-year-old Nelson picked up the girl near a Walmart in Skokie, from which she stole the machete. Within minutes, she was attacking Nelson. He managed to stop his car and run into a condominium building lobby where he sought help. Cunningham says Wasni drove off in Nelson's car, struck a median and then ran off. She was apprehended moments later after removing a bloody shirt. Authorities say Nelson was able to describe his attacker to police before dying at a nearby hospital. A public defender would only say Wasni attended a Chicago high school and lives with a single mother. ___ 1:26 p.m. Authorities say a 16-year-old girl has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder and accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death in suburban Chicago. Lincolnwood police say they responded to a report of a man screaming for help at about 3:20 a.m. Tuesday when they found 34-year-old Grant Nelson of Wilmette with multiple stab wounds. They say Nelson told them he was a driver for the ride-sharing service Uber and that his passenger stabbed him. Police say they located Eliza Wasni near the crime scene in possession of two weapons they believe she used in the stabbing. Nelson died later at a nearby hospital. The Cook County state's attorney's office says Wasni is scheduled to appear in bond court Wednesday afternoon in Skokie. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Juvenile Crime Crime Violent Crime Assault And Battery Homicide × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Spring Grove Soda Pop opens retail store, plans new plant Hartford looking to state to help prevent bankruptcy Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season US home equity is back, so why aren't more people borrowing? Discrimination suits proceed against Fox, minus Roger Ailes Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Prosecutors to drop charges in Stanley Cup dead catfish toss Teen victims of Alameda crash honored at memorial Golden Gate Bridge board president Dietrich Stroeh dies Californians gloomy about future, poll finds News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Afghans mourn a day after massive truck bombing kills 90 Cuban entrepreneurs start first private business group Malaysia Airlines jet diverted in Australia over bomb scare States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants dominated by Scherzer, swept by Nationals K’Waun Williams could be key for 49ers’ secondary Why are the A’s striking out so much? Chad Pinder’s two homers lead A’s over Indians Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Planned Parenthood to close 3 Bay Area locations Nightlife bill advances to state Assembly Insured homeowner owed full cost of repairs, appeals court rules Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Wonder Woman’ a different kind of action movie The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Cast is the right match for thoughtful ‘Roommate’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Chris Bleidorn to open Birdsong in former AQ Pascal Rigo to open three new La Boulangerie locations across the Here's why one Whole Foods charges extra for coconuts with a There's a new Tron-themed speakeasy in San Francisco: The Grid at Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities You know you're a real Oakland local if... Bay Area spots, once adored by kids and teens, that no longer Yosemite is gorgeous and crowded now, but what was it like way It's time to add Humboldt's kinetic sculpture race to your Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Italy’s ‘greatest lake’ not just for A-list celebrities Suite Spot: Conrad Bora Bora Nui, French Polynesia Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Hot Property: Custom everything awaits in the Claremont Hills These homes for sale all have pretty pools to lounge by Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/1-suspect-dead-1-wounded-in-police-shooting-in-11186268.php 1 suspect dead, 1 wounded in police shooting in California Updated 1:53 pm, Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Begin Slideshow 4 Photo: James Quigg, AP Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 California Highway Patrol officers conduct an investigation at a shooting scene in the Walmart parking lot in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been taken to the hospital after being injured in a shooting outside of a Walmart store in California. (James Quigg/The Daily Press via AP) less California Highway Patrol officers conduct an investigation at a shooting scene in the Walmart parking lot in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been taken to the ... more Photo: James Quigg, AP Image 2 of 4 A car involved in a shooting remains open at the Walmart in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been taken to the hospital after being injured in a shooting outside of a Walmart store in California. (James Quigg/The Daily Press via AP) less A car involved in a shooting remains open at the Walmart in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been taken to the hospital after being injured in a shooting outside of ... more Photo: James Quigg, AP Image 3 of 4 Hesperia Sheriff's Station deputies begin an investigation after a shooting which happened at the Walmart in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been taken to the hospital after being injured in a shooting outside of a Walmart store in California. (James Quigg/The Daily Press via AP) less Hesperia Sheriff's Station deputies begin an investigation after a shooting which happened at the Walmart in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been taken to the ... more Photo: James Quigg, AP Image 4 of 4 A Hesperia Sheriff's Station deputy helps clear Walmart customers from the scene of a shooting which happened at the Walmart in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been taken to the hospital after being injured in a shooting outside of a Walmart store in California. (James Quigg/The Daily Press via AP) less A Hesperia Sheriff's Station deputy helps clear Walmart customers from the scene of a shooting which happened at the Walmart in Hesperia, Calif., Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Fire officials say two people have been ... more Photo: James Quigg, AP 1 suspect dead, 1 wounded in police shooting in California 1 / 4 Back to Gallery HESPERIA, Calif. (AP) — Authorities say one person has been killed and another wounded in a shooting after being confronted by law enforcement officers in the parking lot of a Southern California Walmart store. The shooting happened Wednesday morning in the desert city of Hesperia. San Bernardino County sheriff's spokeswoman Cindy Bachman says officers were in the parking lot conducting an auto theft probe when they saw three people trying to steal a car. Bachman says the officers approached, trying to stop the car and police shot two of the suspects. Authorities say the driver was killed and a passenger remained hospitalized Wednesday afternoon. Latest news videos A third person, who was seated in the backseat, wasn't injured and was being questioned by investigators. A Walmart spokesman declined to comment on the shooting. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Teen victims of Alameda crash honored at memorial GG Bridge board president Dietrich Stroeh dies White House grants ethics waivers to 17 appointees Riders stuck on subway throw makeshift graduation ceremony This media/entertainment CEO named least likable Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video NorCal venue cancels Kathy Griffin show Your Costco membership about to get more expensive GOP congressman: God will 'take care of' climate change Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Gov. Brown says states should act if Trump quits climate deal These experts say it may be best if US leaves climate deal Top misspelled words by state, according to Google 18 common spelling mistakes that make you look dumb Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane Southwest testing faster deplaning at SJ airport Could SF tech CEO’s show pull Fox to middle? No defense for colleges’ speech ‘zones’ TODAY'S TOP PICKS Twitter loses its mind over Trump's midnight 'covfefe' tweet Planning a Sierra trip this summer? You may want to delay Movies and shows coming to Netflix, HBO, more in June Most Popular 1 New: Oakland-Rome nonstops $420 roundtrip 2 GOP congressman who believes in climate change says God will... 3 Your Costco membership is about to get more expensive 4 Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane 5 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death 6 Grass Valley venue cancels Kathy Griffin show due to... 7 Video: Passenger forcibly removed from Delta flight 8 Kushner, his partners used a program meant for job-starved... 9 Top misspelled words by state, according to Google 10 Feeling insulted, Mexican to market 'Trump' toilet paper LATEST NEWS Teen victims of Alameda crash honored at memorial GG Bridge board president Dietrich Stroeh dies White House grants ethics waivers to 17 appointees Riders stuck on subway throw makeshift graduation ceremony This media/entertainment CEO named least likable Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video NorCal venue cancels Kathy Griffin show Your Costco membership about to get more expensive View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News World Americas US politics Elon Musk threatens to quit role advising Trump if he pulls US out of Paris Agreement on climate change The White House says the President will make on decision on wether to withdraw 'very soon'  Mythili Sampathkumar New York @MythiliSk Wednesday 31 May 2017 21:44 BST Click to follow The Independent US Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said he would leave his advisory role at the White House should the US withdraw from Paris Agreement on climate change ERIC PIERMONT/AFP/Getty Images Elon Musk has said he would have “no choice” but to leave his advisory role on a White House business council if Donald Trump pulls out of the Paris Agreement on climate change.  The head of electronic car maker Tesla and space exploration company SpaceX tweeted that he had “done all I can to advise...that we remain.”  Mr Musk has been a key tech industry advisor for the White House. He even praised Mr Trump's appointment of former Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State because Mr Tillerson said he believed climate change is real and he also supported a carbon tax on companies to discourage high emissions.  Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 Mr Musk, whose Tesla vehicles do not use gasoline or diesel fuel, is committed to moving away from fossil fuels and towards cleaners sources of energy. Tesla also manufacturers solar panels. The US is currently one of the largest emitters of carbon dioxide in the world, so if Mr Trump was to pull the country out of the pact signed by nearly 200 countries to reduce such carbon emissions it would be a major blow to a deal that aims to help avert the worst effects of climate change. Other major companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, Walmart, and electronics retailer Best Buy have committed to reducing carbon footprints of their supply chains in part due to consumer demand.  Following a number of reports in US media about the move, Mr Trump tweeted that he would be announcing “my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days” followed by his campaign slogan “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer later said to expect Mr Trump's decision "very soon". Lisa Murray's climate change photography 12 show all Lisa Murray's climate change photography 1/12 Dinka cattle herders starting their migration in South Sudan Lisa Murray 2/12 A Dinka woman fetches water in South Sudan Lisa Murray 3/12 Veronica in South Sudan preparing tea outside her home, recently ravaged by heavy flooding Lisa Murray 4/12 Children playing in Vietnam. When it floods, transport to and from school is a major challenge Lisa Murray 5/12 Sugeng, a fish and crab farmer from Indonesia who suffers financially every time the area floods Lisa Murray 6/12 Tan, a vegetable farmer, learning new methods through Oxfam in Vietnam Lisa Murray 7/12 Maluk, a 19-year-old from Tonj South, South Sudan Lisa Murray 8/12 Normally this farmer in South Sudan would be harvesting sorghum, but rains are late so the hunger season continues Lisa Murray 9/12 Herders bringing home their cattle in Afar, Ethiopia Lisa Murray 10/12 Farmers harvesting chilli in Ethiopia Lisa Murray 11/12 A woman in Tigray, Ethiopia, scares birds away from her crops with a slingshot Lisa Murray 12/12 Irula tribe woman in Tamil Nadu Lisa Murray Mr Trump made repeated campaign promises to “cancel” the agreement. He continued the rhetoric in the White House that he would grow the US coal sector and bring back those and manufacturing jobs to the US.  Many developing countries rely on cheap sources of fossil fuels to help grow their economies to catch up with developed economies like those of the EU, Japan, Canada, and the US.  However, India and China have begun to rapidly scale up their solar power investments and capabilities in response to the Paris Agreement and to minimise the negative effects of climate change-related natural disasters like drought and flood.  President Barack Obama ratified the agreement in 2016 through executive order, bypassing the approval process in what the administration felt was a hostile Congress influenced heavily by climate-deniers and oil and gas industry lobbyists.  This is what gives Mr Trump the authority to withdraw the US from the agreement in a three-year process or take the US out of the underlying United Nations climate accord all together - a process that would be much faster and in line with Mr Trump’s ire towards the UN.  Read more Elon Musk suggests that Trump may be good for climate change Elon Musk starts digging huge holes underneath America Tesla delivers new record of 25,000 electric cars in three months Elon Musk to raise objections to Trump's 'Muslim ban' at meeting Many Tesla consumers and supporters criticised Mr Musk for maintaining his relationship with the White House in light of all this, but he has said he could influence policy from within if he remained in good standing on the 19-member business council.  If Mr Trump withdraws from the Paris Agreement he would put the US in the company of Nicaragua and Syria. Russia is the only one of the top emitters not to even ratify the Paris accord.  More about: Elon Musk Tesla SpaceX climate change Paris Agreement Donald Trump Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site

Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 21,008.65 -20.82 -0.10% S&P 500 2,411.80 -1.11 -0.05% Nasdaq 6,198.52 -4.67 -0.08% GlobalDow 2,760.63 1.71 0.06% Gold 1,269.40 -6.00 -0.47% Oil 48.84 0.52 1.08% S&P 500 Movers(%) PRGO 7.3 VRTX 2.7 REGN 2.3 PYPL 2.3 KORS -8.5 CF -3.6 GS -3.3 TDC -3.2 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 3:00a Stoxx Europe 600 index opens flat a 389.82 2:56a Updated Ohio sues 5 drug companies over opioid epidemic 2:36a Updated Here are the ways low-income Americans are treated like second-class citizens 2:35a Updated An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money 2:35a Updated Why HPE investors are wondering if they bet on the wrong horse in split 2:33a Updated Opioids are ravaging the U.S., but they’re still the best pain drug we’ve got 2:32a Updated Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 2:32a Updated We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 2:31a Updated Marc Faber—aka Dr. Doom—warns that in financial markets ‘there is a bubble in everything’ 2:30a Updated These commodities clocked the biggest moves in May to be replaced Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States RGS Overview Compare Quotes Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors NYSE RGS U.S.: NYSE Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Regis Corp. Watchlist CreateRGSAlert After Hours Last Updated: May 31, 2017 4:52 p.m. EDT $ 9.45 0.00 0.00% After Hours Volume: 18.9K Close Chg Chg % $9.45 0.11 1.18% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 95.81% vs Avg. Volume: 201.7K 65 Day Avg. - 210.6K Open: 9.35 Close: 9.45 9.2400 Day Low/High 9.4750 Day Range 9.0200 52 Week Low/High 15.6100 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $9.35 Day Range 9.2400 - 9.4750 52 Week Range 9.0200 - 15.6100 Market Cap $432.53M Shares Outstanding 46.29M Public Float 44.57M Beta 0.85 Rev. per Employee $38.12K P/E Ratio n/a EPS $-0.26 Yield n/a Dividend $0.06 Ex-Dividend Date Nov 1, 2013 Short Interest 2.24M 05/15/17 % of Float Shorted 5.02% Average Volume 210.56K Performance 5 Day 2.72% 1 Month 1.18% 3 Month -24.22% YTD -34.92% 1 Year -28.35% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones Regis Corp. seeking strategic alternatives for mall-based salons Regis Corp. said late Wednesday it is planning strategic alternatives for its mall-based hair salons. The operator of the Regis Salons and MasterCuts hair salon chains said it has retained the firm Huron Transaction Advisory to help in its review of its mall-based stores. The company operates more than 900 salons employing more than 7,500 stylists. Shares of Regis were unchanged at $9.45 after hours. May. 31, 2017 at 4:52 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski Regis stock bounces sharply after analyst takes back downgrade May. 19, 2016 at 3:17 p.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Regis stock price target changed to $12 versus $13 prior to earlier downgrade May. 19, 2016 at 11:59 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Regis rating reverted back to neutral at Piper Jaffray after company clarified prior misinterpretation May. 19, 2016 at 11:58 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Regis stock price target cut to $8 from $13 at Piper Jaffray May. 19, 2016 at 11:21 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Regis downgraded to underweight from neutral at Piper Jaffray May. 19, 2016 at 11:20 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore The market in a minute: Playing with volatility Oct. 21, 2013 at 8:42 a.m. ET by Oliver Pursche Insiders are crazy about these stocks Jan. 30, 2013 at 11:04 a.m. ET by Meena Krishnamsetty Corrected How to pick stocks for your 2013 portfolio Sep. 24, 2012 at 11:50 a.m. ET by Jack Hough Stocks to watch Thursday: Hain, Guess, H-P Aug. 23, 2012 at 7:00 a.m. ET by MarketWatch Regis Q4 loss widens after charges Aug. 23, 2012 at 6:40 a.m. ET Stocks to Watch Thursday: Guess, H-P Aug. 22, 2012 at 4:29 p.m. ET by David B. Wilkerson Regis to sell Hair Club unit to Aderans at $163.5M Jul. 16, 2012 at 7:33 a.m. ET Regis Q4 revenue misses estimate; comp sales off Jul. 10, 2012 at 7:10 a.m. ET Regis loss narrows on year-earlier write-downs Apr. 26, 2012 at 6:52 a.m. ET In AOL fight, a newcomer activist exerts influence Apr. 19, 2012 at 5:47 p.m. ET by Rex Crum Regis revenue down 1.3%; same-store sales fall Apr. 9, 2012 at 6:14 a.m. ET Regis revenue down 2% on same-store-sales drop Jan. 9, 2012 at 6:45 a.m. ET Regis 1st-period net hit by lower revenue, charges Oct. 27, 2011 at 6:57 a.m. ET Regis revenue beats estimate; salon visits rise Oct. 10, 2011 at 6:40 a.m. ET CFO Moves: Tiffany, Prestige Brands, Frontier, Regis, Amkor Sep. 13, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Supercuts Owner Regis Promotes Andy Dulka to CIO Jul. 6, 2015 at 6:05 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Profiting From Today's Shareholder Activism Nov. 30, 2013 at 1:49 p.m. ET on Barron's Myron Kunin, Builder of Hairstyling Empire, Dies at 85 Nov. 1, 2013 at 8:11 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: WellCare, First Solar, Ellie Mae Nov. 1, 2013 at 9:11 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Smithfield Is Pressed to Break Itself Up Jun. 17, 2013 at 5:22 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Hair-Transplant Chain Settles FTC Case Apr. 8, 2013 at 4:02 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Hair-Replacement Provider Bosley Settles FTC Case Apr. 8, 2013 at 3:18 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal In Medicaid, a New Health-Care Fight Feb. 10, 2013 at 8:29 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Jos. A. Bank, Caterpillar, Transocean Jan. 28, 2013 at 9:17 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal CFO Moves: Ignite Restaurant Group, Bluefly, Regis, Brightstar Nov. 29, 2012 at 3:03 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Starboard Puts the Active in Activist Sep. 17, 2012 at 11:05 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Hair Club for Men Sold to Japanese Wig Maker Jul. 16, 2012 at 7:11 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Supervalu, Merck, SAP Jul. 12, 2012 at 9:21 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Next Week's Tape: Trifecta of Inflation Data On Tap Apr. 6, 2012 at 4:03 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Activist Fund Slams AOL's Strategy Dec. 21, 2011 at 12:01 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal The Good Leads Oct. 11, 2011 at 5:54 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal The Balding Man's Lifeline Jul. 20, 2011 at 4:48 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Hot Stocks: Vitamin Shoppe, Super Micro and More Apr. 27, 2011 at 10:56 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Regis Corporation, Ku6 Media: Biggest Price Decliners (RGS, KUTV) Dec. 16, 2010 at 12:38 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases Regis Corporation 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides Regis Corporation 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides May. 4, 2017 at 4:27 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Regis' (RGS) CEO Hugh Sawyer on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Regis' (RGS) CEO Hugh Sawyer on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript May. 4, 2017 at 4:22 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 10-Q: REGIS CORP 10-Q: REGIS CORP May. 4, 2017 at 6:20 a.m. ET on Edgar Online - (EDG = 10Q, 10K) Notable earnings before Thursday’s open Notable earnings before Thursday’s open May. 3, 2017 at 5:30 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Announcing Winners Of Our 52-Week Highs And Lows Contest Announcing Winners Of Our 52-Week Highs And Lows Contest May. 3, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Regis Corp. Deserves A Valuation Haircut Regis Corp. Deserves A Valuation Haircut Apr. 25, 2017 at 9:52 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Regis - Trading Below Replacement Value Regis - Trading Below Replacement Value Apr. 22, 2017 at 2:34 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Driving A Higher ROE With Regis Driving A Higher ROE With Regis Mar. 21, 2017 at 2:12 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Regis' (RGS) CEO Daniel Hanrahan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Feb. 3, 2017 at 12:34 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Regis Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call Slides Feb. 3, 2017 at 11:30 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha More on Regis' FQ2 Feb. 3, 2017 at 8:10 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 10-Q: REGIS CORP Feb. 3, 2017 at 6:13 a.m. ET on Edgar Online - (EDG = 10Q, 10K) Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – FNCX SYNC FVE WEB Dec. 16, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com New DOL overtime rule in state of flux Nov. 25, 2016 at 7:54 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Hottest Services Stocks Now – RATE CMCM SCAI SEM Nov. 15, 2016 at 9:30 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Regis' (RGS) CEO Daniel Hanrahan on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript Oct. 27, 2016 at 3:00 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Regis Corporation 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides Oct. 27, 2016 at 11:36 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – PMD MB BCOR SFLY Oct. 27, 2016 at 11:00 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com 10-Q: REGIS CORP Oct. 27, 2016 at 6:18 a.m. ET on Edgar Online - (EDG = 10Q, 10K) Notable earnings before Thursday’s open Oct. 26, 2016 at 5:30 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Regis to Explore Strategic Alternatives for Its Mall-Based Salons Regis to Explore Strategic Alternatives for Its Mall-Based Salons May. 31, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis Corporation Appoints Rachel Endrizzi to Chief Marketing Officer Regis Corporation Appoints Rachel Endrizzi to Chief Marketing Officer May. 8, 2017 at 11:51 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis Reports Third Quarter 2017 Results Regis Reports Third Quarter 2017 Results May. 4, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis Corporation Appoints Eric Bakken to President of Franchise Regis Corporation Appoints Eric Bakken to President of Franchise Apr. 26, 2017 at 11:37 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis to Issue Third Quarter Results on May 4, 2017 Regis to Issue Third Quarter Results on May 4, 2017 Apr. 20, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis Corporation Appoints Hugh E. Sawyer as President and CEO Regis Corporation Appoints Hugh E. Sawyer as President and CEO Apr. 17, 2017 at 6:55 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX The Life Sciences Report Examines Regeneus Hitting the Fast Track with Major Japanese Partnership Feb. 9, 2017 at 9:02 a.m. ET on Marketwired Regis to Issue Second Quarter Results on February 3, 2017 Jan. 20, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis Corporation Adds vx Maintain to Its Existing Lineup of Accruent Solutions Nov. 8, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis Corporation's Clip for the Cure Event Nov. 1, 2016 at 9:16 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Regis to Issue First Quarter Results on October 27, 2016 Oct. 18, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX UPDATE - The Life Sciences Report Examines Stock-Moving Catalysts Anticipated for Regeneus in Q4/16 Oct. 3, 2016 at 5:45 p.m. ET on Marketwired Regis Corporation's Clip for the Cure - Saturday, October 15, 2016 Sep. 22, 2016 at 9:13 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF The Life Sciences Report Examines Impact of Government Supplying R&D Funds to Regeneus Sep. 15, 2016 at 11:18 a.m. ET on Marketwired Regis Corporation Honored by Walmart with Two Awards Sep. 15, 2016 at 9:14 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating Regis Corporation for Potential Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty By Its Board of Directors Sep. 12, 2016 at 7:11 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Regis to Issue Fourth Quarter Results on August 23, 2016 Aug. 9, 2016 at 4:49 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Regis Corp. Regis Corp. engages in the ownership, franchise, and operation of beauty salons. It operates through the following segments: North American Value, North American Premium, and International. The North American Value segment comprises of company-owned and franchised salons located in strip center locations and Walmart Supercenters. The North American Premium segment offers upscale hair care and beauty services and retail products at reasonable prices. The International segment consists of company-owned salons located in malls, department stores, and high-traffic locations with operations in the United Kingdom under the Supercuts, Regis and Sassoon concepts. The company was founded by Paul Kunin and Florence Kunin in 1922 and is headquartered in Edina, MN. (See Full Profile) Benzinga's Top Downgrades May. 19, 2016 at 8:36 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Benzinga's Top Downgrades Nov. 19, 2015 at 9:02 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Friday's Top Two Earnings Reports To Watch: Big Lots And Regis Aug. 27, 2015 at 3:38 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Nutrisystem Inc. 2.97% $1.51B Shutterfly Inc. -0.38% $1.68B Ulta Beauty Inc. 0.61% $18.83B Weight Watchers International Inc. 1.35% $1.67B Cannabis Sativa Inc. -3.96% $102.71M Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Trending Tickers Powered by GS -3.28% PANW 1.36% BAC -1.86% OPK -2.23% EXTR 0.84% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Cutting EPA to the bone?•Big-data Air Force recruitment•Trump budget targets student loan program Headlines Get Email Alerts World News Home » The Associated Press » World News » Analysts: Leaving climate deal… Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn’t add US jobs By PAUL WISEMAN May 31, 2017 9:02 pm 5 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology — and generate the jobs that come with it. What’s more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. “Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.,” says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book “Does Regulation Kill Jobs?” ”While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains — with the result being roughly a wash.” Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. “We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change,” Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the “unpredictability” that makes business decisions harder. Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla and aerospace company SpaceX, tweeted that he would leave two White House advisory councils if Trump went ahead with this threat to leave the Paris accord. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama’s signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found “no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment” when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. “There’s no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment,” says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. “The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies — in principle the sky is the limit,” says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. “The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice,” said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. “Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none.” Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. “The business sector is moving ahead anyway,” van Ark says. “Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president.” General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” GE’s chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. “Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost.” Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University’s Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley’s Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 — more than five times previous estimates. “Global climate change is a threat to the economy,” says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics. “Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus.” Anything that delays the fight against climate change is “an economic negative.” ___ AP Business Writer David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this story. Related Topics Business News Government News Technology News World News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » World News » Analysts: Leaving climate deal… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Shulkin details 13 areas of improvement in his diagnosis of VA Top Story DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards SBA Administrator McMahon leading agency by ‘effective and efficient’ example Exclusive OSC employee blows whistle on OSC Workforce Rights/Governance 12 key takeaways from the 2018 budget that could affect you Budget Fed Photo of the Day NRC celebrates Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month Today in History 1790: George Washington signs first US copyright law THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 31, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9261 0.0060 2.24% L 2020 25.6005 0.0130 3.69% L 2030 28.5857 0.0211 5.24% L 2040 30.8092 0.0262 6.00% L 2050 17.6802 0.0168 6.69% G Fund 15.3354 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8967 0.0184 1.75% C Fund 33.5487 -0.0101 7.16% S Fund 43.0305 0.0296 5.78% I Fund 28.1212 0.1036 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs By Associated Press Published: 16:35 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 21:05 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail 7 shares WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump has declared that abandoning the Paris climate agreement would be a victory for the American economy. Many economists have big doubts. They say the agreement would likely help create about as many jobs in renewable energy as it might cost in polluting industries. Should the United States pull out of the pact and seek to protect old-school jobs in coal and oil, it would risk losing the chance to lead the world in developing environmentally friendly technology - and generate the jobs that come with it. What's more, over the haul, climate change itself threatens to impose huge costs on the economy. FILE - In this May 18, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington. A White House official says President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) "Withdrawing from the Paris agreement is hardly going to create jobs in the U.S.," says Cary Coglianese, professor at the University of Pennsylvania and editor of the book "Does Regulation Kill Jobs?" ''While specific environmental regulations can sometimes lead to job losses, they also can and do lead to job gains - with the result being roughly a wash." The Paris agreement has drawn surprising support from major companies, from oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell to other corporate giants like Walmart and Apple. "We need a framework like that to address the challenge of climate change, the risk of climate change," Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon Mobil, said Wednesday. Likewise, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden told NPR earlier this month that talk of leaving the Paris accord risked creating the "unpredictability" that makes business decisions harder. Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla and aerospace company SpaceX, tweeted that he would leave two White House advisory councils if Trump went ahead with this threat to leave the Paris accord. Under the Paris accord, nearly 200 nations agreed in 2015 to voluntarily cut greenhouse gas emissions in a landmark agreement to fight climate change. The pact became one of President Barack Obama's signature achievements. But Trump campaigned on a promise to nix the deal, saying it would mean stricter environmental policies that would hobble the economy and cost jobs. A White House official said Wednesday that Trump was planning to pull out of the Paris deal, although a final decision had not been made. And Trump has reversed himself before on major policy pledges, including on whether to abandon the North American Free Trade Agreement, a step the president no longer favors. Economists say that leaving the Paris deal and easing efforts to control emissions would hardly deliver a big payoff in jobs. A 2001 study by Eli Berman and Linda Bui, both then at Boston University, found "no evidence that local air quality regulation substantially reduced employment" when Los Angeles imposed stricter environmental restrictions. "There's no doubt that regulations have costs, but they are not the primary driver of employment," says Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago. Polluting industries such as oil and coal are highly automated and are unlikely to embark on a major hiring spree even if the United States dropped out of the Paris agreement, experts say. "The potential number of jobs you can create in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential number of jobs in green technologies - in principle the sky is the limit," says Bart van Ark, chief economist at the Conference Board, a business research group. Already, the United States employs more people in solar energy (nearly 374,000) than in coal (a little over 160,000), according to the U.S. Department of Energy. "The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice," said Dean Garfield, president of the tech trade group ITI. "Our clean energy industry is growing and employing millions of Americans in good-paying jobs in both red and blue states as it powers more of our businesses and communities. It is not too late to for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none." Many big companies say they must make long-term investment decisions based on the assumption that most countries will stiffen environmental standards. Accordingly, they are increasingly investing more in green technology. "The business sector is moving ahead anyway," van Ark says. "Businesses that are into this are into it for the long haul. Not just for four years, the term of a president." General Electric, for instance, plans to invest $25 billion in clean technology research and development by 2020. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," GE's chief executive, Jeffrey Immelt, wrote to employees in a blog post in March. "Our customers, partners and countries are demanding technology that generates power while reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and reducing cost." Economists also warn that climate change could inflict a devastating impact on the global economy. Drought and water shortages could sap growth. Rising sea levels could swamp low-lying cities and farmland. A 2015 report by Stanford University's Marshall Burke and the University of California, Berkeley's Sol Hsiang and Ted Miguel found the climate change could slash 20 percent from global economic output by 2100 - more than five times previous estimates. "Global climate change is a threat to the economy," says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. "Anything that we do that works to curtail global warming is an economic plus." Anything that delays the fight against climate change is "an economic negative." ___ AP Business Writer David Koenig in Dallas contributed to this story. Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Johnny Depp whistleblower claims the actor's sister 'used his money to pay for personal expenses' and says 'she was told not to question a thing' Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree 'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Thu, Jun 1, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado Springs School District 11 ditches valedictorians, salutatorians Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog David Ramsey: JaVale McGee, who baffled us in Colorado, soars into NBA Finals Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs area unemployment rate drops to 2.5 percent, lowest since at least 1990 Comcast launches 1-gigabit internet service across Colorado Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National Parks Colorado Springs vegan cookbook author heats things up with air fryer recipes Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken Northern Colorado festival offers trip back to medieval times Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Traffic CDOT working through night to reopen fire-damaged I-25 Wed, May 31, 2017 - 9:38 PM 0 Repairs continued throughout the night Wednesday in an attempt to get the fire-ravaged northbound Interstate 25 open by the morning commute. Photos and... Overnight closures of I-25 near downtown Colorado Springs continues Wednesday Trail Ridge Road opens for season, park officials warn of icy road conditions Colorado Springs area unemployment rate drops to 2.5 percent, lowest since at least 1990 Wed, May 31, 2017 - 5:27 PM 0 The booming Colorado Springs area job market set another milestone in April with a 2.5 percent unemployment rate, the lowest recorded by the U.S. Bureau of Labor... News: Local News Colorado Springs School District 11 ditches valedictorians, salutatorians Wed, May 31, 2017 - 9:00 PM 0 Following a confusing discussion, Colorado Springs School District 11's board voted 6-1 Wednesday night to accept revisions to its graduation policy that... Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Wed, May 31, 2017 - 1:46 PM 0 A transgender Air Force Academy graduate is being withheld lieutenant's bars because of what the... Colorado Politics, Statesman join forces Wed, May 31, 2017 - 7:32 PM June is the month of marriages, and we'd like to announce a big, fat, happy one in the political... Latest Local Colorado Springs police: 1 suspect in custody after standoff, another still wanted By: Kaitlin Durbin - 3 hr ago Woman shot in the neck while at Thorndale Park in Colorado Springs By: Kaitlin Durbin - 6 hr ago Pueblo County tells Lamborn to butt out of EPA's stormwater lawsuit By: Jakob Rodgers - 7 hr ago Colorado Democrats weigh in as Trump considers withdrawing from Paris accord By: Joey Bunch - 8 hr ago Gun training for Colorado school teachers gains momentum, advocates say By: Debbie Kelley - 8 hr ago Bees and butterflies continue to add political buzz, as Colorado governor gives them a June commemoration By: Joey Bunch - 8 hr ago Gas line repairs causing traffic delays near The Broadmoor By: Kaitlin Durbin - 9 hr ago Top Stories Air Force grad Griffin Jax in Twins spring training complex awaiting next step By: Brent Briggeman - 3 hr ago WATCH: Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday By: JILL COLVIN and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 5 hr ago Truck bomb kills 90, wounds hundreds in Afghan capital By: RAHIM FAIEZ and KATHY GANNON, Associated Press - 7 hr ago VIDEO: Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future By: P. SOLOMON BANDA, Associated Press - 7 hr ago David Ramsey: JaVale McGee, who baffled us in Colorado, soars into NBA Finals By: David Ramsey - 7 hr ago House committee issues subpoenas; Comey OK'd to testify By: DEB RIECHMANN and JAKE PEARSON, Associated Press - 8 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation 2017 Early College High School Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Christian High School Graduation Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. 2017 Sierra High School Graduation 2017 James Irwin Charter High School Graduation 2017 Tesla High School Graduation Pirates Premiere Party 2017 Cripple Creek-Victor High School Graduation 2017 Achieve Online Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 3 hr ago Colorado Springs police: 1 suspect in custody after standoff, another still wanted 6 hr ago Woman shot in the neck while at Thorndale Park in Colorado Springs 7 hr ago Pueblo County tells Lamborn to butt out of EPA's stormwater lawsuit 8 hr ago Colorado Democrats weigh in as Trump considers withdrawing from Paris accord 8 hr ago Gun training for Colorado school teachers gains momentum, advocates say 8 hr ago Bees and butterflies continue to add political buzz, as Colorado governor gives them a June commemoration 9 hr ago Gas line repairs causing traffic delays near The Broadmoor Most Read Police: Woman intentionally crashed into Colorado Springs Sprouts store opening this week Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Former Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in '80s Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor After 90 years, strange times and sitting empty, Broadmoor mansion is reborn in high style Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Air Force football star Jalen Robinette's graduation placed on hold Sports 2 hr ago Mr Met gives fan the finger, employee out as team mascot 3 hr ago Air Force grad Griffin Jax in Twins spring training complex awaiting next step 3 hr ago Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues) 3 hr ago WATCH: Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video 3 hr ago Oklahoma City outplays Colorado Springs Switchbacks to record U.S. Open Cup victory 4 hr ago Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hip 5 hr ago Longtime coach Bob Wingett named boys' basketball coach at Evangelical Christian Academy Business 1 hr ago Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday 1 hr ago Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss 2 hr ago Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs 3 hr ago Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss 5 hr ago White House says it has granted 14 ethics waivers to staff 5 hr ago Some cities, states help minorities enter marijuana industry 5 hr ago The Latest: Sister calls Uber driver's death horrifying, sad Opinion 17 hr ago EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need 18 hr ago LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadership Tue, May 30, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western alliance Tue, May 30, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtown Tue, May 30, 2017 Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracy Sun, May 28, 2017 EDITORIAL: Carson calls poverty 'a state of mind' Sun, May 28, 2017 LETTERS: Leave the doggies at home; a gateway to a GOP win Around the Web 2 hr ago Mr Met gives fan the finger, employee out as team mascot 5 hr ago Pennsylvania man arrested after calling 911 for conversation 5 hr ago Some cities, states help minorities enter marijuana industry 6 hr ago Painful words: How a 1980 letter fueled the opioid epidemic 11 hr ago Google’s breakdown of what Americans don’t know how to spell, state by state 11 hr ago McDonald’s, Uber team up to offer fast food delivery in metro area 11 hr ago NASA spacecraft will aim straight for sun next year Latest Videos Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Pikes Peak region forecast Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Trump: 'Tell Their Stories for 1,000 Years' Trump Honors Sacrifices of U.S. Service Members Between the Lines: Remembering the heroes of Colorado Springs' Battery C Get a Job Monday: Say Y-E-S to BMC in Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Rockies Mariners Baseball1 hr ago Paxton shines in return as Mariners blank Rockies, 5-01 hr ago Rockies-Mariners Runs1 hr ago Mr Met gives fan the finger, employee out as team mascot2 hr ago Broncos Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hip4 hr ago Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than later16 hr ago Thomas eager to play big role in Broncos' receiver-friendly offenseThu, May 25, 2017 Elway says he'll surely sign extension by season openerThu, May 25, 2017 Photo Galleries Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Peak Performers 2016-17 Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need17 hr ago NATO is essential to a strong Western allianceTue, May 30, 2017 EDITORIAL: Carson calls poverty 'a state of mind'Sun, May 28, 2017 EDITORIAL: Protect charitable deductions in tax reformSat, May 27, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadership18 hr ago LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 LETTERS: Leave the doggies at home; a gateway to a GOP winSun, May 28, 2017 LETTERS: Justice doesn't end at cell door; Dobson's influence still feltThu, May 25, 2017 Columns Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Colorado legislators found creative ways to notch winsFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Pueblo County tells Lamborn to butt out of EPA's stormwater lawsuit7 hr ago Colorado Democrats weigh in as Trump considers withdrawing from Paris accord8 hr ago Gun training for Colorado school teachers gains momentum, advocates say8 hr ago Bees and butterflies continue to add political buzz, as Colorado governor gives them a June commemoration8 hr ago Local and State Politics Death of Colorado Springs Marine prompts congressman's call for probe19 hr ago Switch in jail health-care providers approved by El Paso County commissionersTue, May 30, 2017 William Bain named as chief judge for El Paso, Teller countiesTue, May 30, 2017 Is Boulder safe and welcoming? City spent $167,000 to find outTue, May 30, 2017 Local Business Colorado Springs-area travel industry officials expect tourism bonanza in 2017Sat, May 27, 2017 Colorado Springs native named as new Pikes Peak Workforce Center executive directorFri, May 26, 2017 Airport passenger traffic surges in AprilFri, May 26, 2017 2 major outdoor trade shows to merge for Denver expoThu, May 25, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Philippines says 8 foreign fighters killed in southern siege1 hr ago Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss1 hr ago The Latest: Philippines says 500 militants involved in siege2 hr ago Philippine defense chief says 8 foreign fighters, including Chechen and Arab militants, killed in besieged southern city2 hr ago Military SpaceX taking recycling all the way to orbit with cargo ship8 hr ago Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in speech4 hr ago Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future7 hr ago Trump gives cell number to world leaders; is it secure?10 hr ago Blogs Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)3 hr ago David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?11 hr ago Colorado Springs Switchbacks defender Jordan Burt named to USL team of the weekTue, May 30, 2017 List: 10 Rockies teams to emerge from Memorial Day with a winning recordMon, May 29, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Colorado Springs police: 1 suspect in custody after standoff, another still wanted3 hr ago Woman shot in the neck while at Thorndale Park in Colorado Springs6 hr ago Colorado Springs police search for attempted homicide witness16 hr ago Armed men force way inside Colorado Springs home, rob residents19 hr ago National Crime Police: Man with fake gun in custody at Orlando airportTue, May 30, 2017 Ultimate sacrifice: Teen dies shielding cousin from gunfireMon, May 29, 2017 Mayor: 'Heroes' died protecting women from anti-Muslim rant Sun, May 28, 2017 8 dead in shooting rampage in Mississippi; suspect arrestedSun, May 28, 2017 Life Life AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National Parks11 hr ago AROUND TOWN: Leadership Pikes Peak honors decades of community leaders12 hr ago Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Thursday, June 113 hr ago Colorado Springs area cooking classes and events starting May 31, 201717 hr ago Arts and Entertainment List of free outdoor summer concerts in the Pikes Peak region8 hr ago Millibo's Cabaret Voltaire 1.2 promises fun, adults-only entertainment9 hr ago Dining Review: Meat well done a signature at Prime 259 hr ago Pikes Picks: Sayonara Shannara?; walk for a great cause10 hr ago Religion Trump administration reversing Obamacare’s birth control mandate8 hr ago The ’Splainer: The ‘gifts’ of Pentecost and Shavuot8 hr ago The Arabic word that perfectly describes the uncertainty of my condition8 hr ago Doing good and doing well: Faith-based investing converts the skeptics8 hr ago National National Politics Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday5 hr ago Colorado Democrats weigh in as Trump considers withdrawing from Paris accord8 hr ago House committee issues subpoenas; Comey OK'd to testify 8 hr ago Republicans want recipients to work for their government benefits17 hr ago National Business Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday1 hr ago Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss1 hr ago Analysts: Leaving climate deal likely wouldn't add US jobs2 hr ago Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss3 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Cutting EPA to the bone?•Big-data Air Force recruitment•Trump budget targets student loan program Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » The Latest: Sister calls… The Latest: Sister calls Uber driver’s death horrifying, sad By The Associated Press May 31, 2017 9:07 pm 2 min read Share LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. (AP) — The Latest on charges filed against teenager in death of Uber driver. (all times local): 8 p.m. Horrifying and saddening is how the sister of an Uber driver is describing his death, allegedly at the hands of a teenage Chicago girl who is charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Prosecutors said Wednesday 16-year-old Eliza Wasni walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she’d stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at Grant Nelson. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement The 34-year-old Nelson of Wilmette died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker. Police say they tracked down Wasni after she crashed Nelson’s car and tried to flee on foot. She was in possession of the machete and knife. Nelson’s sister, Alexandra, says his death is a loss of intelligence, conversation, nuance and thoughtfulness that he brought to into many lives. Assistant Public Defender David McMahon says Wasni has no previous criminal record, attends high school and lives with her mother. ___ 3:15 p.m. The true impact of cutting EPA's budget. Prosecutors say a teenage girl used a stolen machete and a knife during a fatal attack on a suburban Chicago Uber driver. Eliza Wasni is charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the death of Grant Nelson of Wilmette. A Cook County judge on Wednesday ordered the 16-year-old Wasni of Chicago held without bond. Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham says the 34-year-old Nelson picked up the girl near a Walmart in Skokie, from which she stole the machete. Within minutes, she was attacking Nelson. He managed to stop his car and run into a condominium building lobby where he sought help. Cunningham says Wasni drove off in Nelson’s car, struck a median and then ran off. She was apprehended moments later after removing a bloody shirt. Authorities say Nelson was able to describe his attacker to police before dying at a nearby hospital. A public defender would only say Wasni attended a Chicago high school and lives with a single mother. ___ 1:26 p.m. Authorities say a 16-year-old girl has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder and accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death in suburban Chicago. Lincolnwood police say they responded to a report of a man screaming for help at about 3:20 a.m. Tuesday when they found 34-year-old Grant Nelson of Wilmette with multiple stab wounds. They say Nelson told them he was a driver for the ride-sharing service Uber and that his passenger stabbed him. Police say they located Eliza Wasni near the crime scene in possession of two weapons they believe she used in the stabbing. Nelson died later at a nearby hospital. The Cook County state’s attorney’s office says Wasni is scheduled to appear in bond court Wednesday afternoon in Skokie. Related Topics Business News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » The Latest: Sister calls… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Shulkin details 13 areas of improvement in his diagnosis of VA Top Story DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards SBA Administrator McMahon leading agency by ‘effective and efficient’ example Exclusive OSC employee blows whistle on OSC Workforce Rights/Governance 12 key takeaways from the 2018 budget that could affect you Budget Fed Photo of the Day NRC celebrates Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month Today in History 1790: George Washington signs first US copyright law THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 31, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9261 0.0060 2.24% L 2020 25.6005 0.0130 3.69% L 2030 28.5857 0.0211 5.24% L 2040 30.8092 0.0262 6.00% L 2050 17.6802 0.0168 6.69% G Fund 15.3354 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8967 0.0184 1.75% C Fund 33.5487 -0.0101 7.16% S Fund 43.0305 0.0296 5.78% I Fund 28.1212 0.1036 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:17pm Thu 1 June Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Will this be the death of shopping centres as we know it? By Olivia Lambert 7:29 AM Thursday Jun 1, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business Services Mobile Business Retail Trade Retailing Shopping Inside a Brisbane shopping mall. Photo / 123RF Shopping is one of our most traditional pastimes, but malls could turn to ghost towns with predictions complexes could shut their doors in just 10 years time. Our shopping habits are changing, and we're swapping store hopping in shopping centres in favour of online and big box stores. Brisbane is already feeling the effects of being at the end of the shopping mall era, with several suburban malls looking doomed for the future. University of Queensland's economics researcher Brendan Markey-Towler said smaller complexes could close in a decade. "They'll just decline over time to the point where it becomes cheaper for the local government to zone it for apartment blocks," he told the Courier Mail. WHY ARE THEY DYING? "It is not one thing but a mix of conditions that cause shopping malls to 'die'," University of Canberra design, architecture and planning expert Lisa Scharoun said. "In the US a lot of 'dead malls' had to do with over-saturation of shopping centres in regional areas. These shopping centres are also known as 'fashion malls' and tended to have a similar mix of fast moving consumer goods - clothing, shoes and non-essential goods. "Along with over-saturation of malls with similar goods, another element that caused some shopping malls to go under in the US is the proliferation of big box or discount stores such as Walmart. These warehouse-type stores sell goods at discount prices and also include grocery stores - so they're essentially a one-stop shop for consumers to get things at discount or near wholesale prices. The global financial crisis also saw some Real Estate Investment Trusts and large mall development groups fail, notably the Centro group that had malls in Australia, which also caused some malls to close. "The viability and popularity of online retail has also led to the decline in the bricks and mortar shops - particularly in the case of retailers such as large booksellers like Borders." Continued below. Related Content $1.5m to help business owners combat aggravated robbery Phil Goff's 'bed tax' coming down to the wire Emirates axes Auckland-Sydney superjumbo flight Expert at Retail Oasis, Pippa Kulmar, told news.com.au the foot traffic in Australian malls had been continuously declining for the past year. She said it was due to a generational shift. Last year Baby Boomers were the dominant generation but it has flipped and now Generation Y makes up 25.7 per cent of the population, which is the largest cohort. "When you delve into shopping behaviour, 29.1 per cent of Generation Y's have bought online in the past three months, compared to only 19.8 per cent of Baby Boomers," she said. "It's at tipping point. Potentially there's management that doesn't quite understand how shopping behaviour has changed." WILL THIS HAPPEN IN AUSTRALIA? Dr Scharoun said there were a lot of "mixed-use" development happening in Australia, where retail spaces are combined with apartment blocks or office towers. This type of development is competing with traditional shopping centres for retail vitality. She said shopping centres were often generic, and they are boring consumers because they offered the same brands and experiences across all regions. "Online retailing has also taken a large chunk of the retail market in Australia, particularly as many online retailers offer no or very low shipping costs thus making it more cost efficient to shop online," she told news.com.au. Kulmar said discount department stores like Target, Big W and Kmart would also be impacted by the retail fall out. "I think you'll see potentially a culling of the brands in discount department store category," she said. "Australia recognises we are being over serviced with discount department stores, it's a big category for how many people there actually are. "Will it be Kmart, Target or Big W?" CAN THEY SURVIVE? Dr Scharoun said shopping centres were becoming more of what was termed in the US as "theatries". "That is malls that are primarily restaurants and cinemas that offer people experiences to socialise and entertain themselves rather than being simply fashion-driven," she said. "Traditionally malls were developed and designed around departments stores such as JC Penny and Macy's in the US and David Jones and Myer in Australia. "Department stores were the anchors that people were drawn to and then would explore all the other smaller retailers in the mall on their way to the second or third anchor. "We are now seeing a big shift from department stores being the anchors of malls to restaurants, cafes and cinemas being the new anchors." She said for malls to survive, they needed to give the customer experiences other than shopping. "For instance incorporating farmer's markets into malls and local community groups and co-working spaces and 'makers space' for people to meet up with like-minded friends to create their own fashions and objects," she said. Kulmar said as time goes on we will see a continual fall out of fashion retailers like Top Shop, David Lawrence and Marcs so the way people shop for fashion in store could change. "What you see in the US is stores moving to showrooming. You go in to store, book an appointment to try on clothes and the store might then send back clothes to home to work," she said. "They are not holding all of the stock and the store becomes a place to hook up with a personal stylist and experiment with a fashion experience. "Retailers like Bonobos in the US have guideshops where you make a 30 minute appointment with a stylist, try on sample styles and have the stylists suggest what you should wear. "You don't need as many stores because you're able to reach more people through online so there's more of an investment around experience." - news.com.au - NZ Herald By Olivia Lambert Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Record numbers on national trail Record numbers of people took to the Te Araroa Trail over the summer. Hawke's Bay Today Environmental condition put on dam Huge crowd turns out for first major Ruataniwha decision in months. Bay of Plenty Times Landslips force closure of bush walks Parts of the tracks have disappeared into the harbour, the council says. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Tuning firm turn the Ferrari 488 into a 576kW track-day killer New tuning package turns the already quick Ferrari 488 into a complete monster... Viva Fun things to do this weekend Thanks for the long weekend Ma'am - here are some suggestions to keep you busy True Commercial Auckland’s infrastructure projects need accelerating Auckland needs to find better and faster ways of getting to grips with its surging growth… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 01 Jun 2017 18:33:28 Processing Time: 10ms
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN CBS/AP May 31, 2017, 4:08 PM 16-year-old girl charged in fatal stabbing of Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34, was stabbed to death while driving for Uber on Wed., May 31, 2017. CBS Chicago Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. -- A 16-year-old girl was charged Wednesday as an adult with first-degree murder and accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death in suburban Chicago. Lincolnwood police said they responded to a report of a man screaming for help at about 3:20 a.m. Tuesday when they found Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette with multiple stab wounds. Prosecutors identified the suspect as Eliza Wasni, who appeared in court Wednesday afternoon in Skokie, Illinois, for a bond hearing, CBS Chicago reports. Prosecutors said Wasni hailed three Uber rides the night she allegedly murdered Nelson. The second ride took her to a local Walmart, where prosecutors said she stole a knife and machete. Surveillance footage allegedly showed Wasni stealing the items. Her third Uber ride was driven by Nelson, who had just finished Memorial Day dinner with his family when he decided to make some extra cash driving the ride-sharing service, his family said. 56 Photos The month's most shocking crimes These are the types of criminal allegations that need to be seen to be believed Two minutes into the ride, Wasni "hack[ed] and stab[bed]" Nelson from the back seat, according to Cook County prosecutors. When police found Nelson, he said he was an Uber driver and that his passenger stabbed him, police said. Officers located Wasni behind a building near the crime scene in possession of two weapons, Lincolnwood police said. Nelson died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Chicago-area TV stations reported that Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan remained in the intersection as police investigated his killing. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Described as a gentle and kind man with no enemies, Nelson's father told CBS Chicago the killing was random. It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive wants the world to know At 97, Ben Ferencz is the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive and he has a far-reaching message for today’s world Creighton killings: Was revenge the motive behind Omaha stabbing deaths? Two double murders five years apart in quiet Omaha neighborhoods -- the trail would lead police to a local hospital and an unlikely suspect Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Noriega: A great 60 Minutes moment How inflatables might be the future of space travel A Survivor's March In the Path of Fire After Bataan Death March, a soldier's homecoming Play Video Climate agreement Play Video Student debt tips Play Video Comey to testify Play Video U.S.-Germany tension Play Video Deadly Portland attack details Play Video Deadly Kabul blast Previous Next 66 Photos JFK at 100 29 Photos Memorial Day 2017: America honors the fallen 67 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years 28 Photos Stunning views of Jupiter Previous Next Most Discussed Report: Jared Kushner proposed secret communications with Russia On first day back, Trump lashes out at "fake news media" Gianforte wins Montana's House seat, apologizes to reporter McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Jared Kushner is under scrutiny in FBI Russia probe New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Search Search Newsletter Signup Search OutsideOnline.com Open Menu Gear 2017 Summer Buyer's Guide 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide Cycle Life The Edge Covet Gear Guy XX Factor Outfitted Gear Archive Affiliate Policy Sponsor ContentHow to Camp Like a Pro This Summer Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Carry On The Go List Travel Archive Fitness In Stride Performance Plate Lab Rat Science of Performance The 101 Fitness Archive Adventure Trail Life Big Ideas Feuds First Look Adventure Archive Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Notebook Dating and Love How I Work Culture Archive Sponsor ContentThe Adventure Dogs of Instagram Sponsor ContentThe Ultimate Weekend Guide to Bend Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Latest Science of Survival The Outside Interview Dispatches XX Factor The Best Chemical-Free Sunscreens and After-Sun Skin Treatments These potions nourish skin without toxic chemicals By: Kelly Bastone May 31, 2017 Pinterest Icon Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet SMS Icon Text Email Icon Email The Ursa Major Golden Hour Recovery Cream helps soothe irritated skin. Photo: Jules Davies Scan the shelves at your local Walgreen’s, and you’ll find just two kinds of sunscreens: those that feel great but are full of hard-to-pronounce chemicals, and natural options that are as thick and pasty as wall spackle. No wonder most of us typically wear less sunscreen than we ought to. Fortunately, a number of smaller, conscience-driven companies are starting to create a third category: healthy sun protection that’s wearable enough for sport. You might not find these products in every Walmart, but they’re worth the extra effort to track them down. They feel good enough that you’ll actually reapply them as directed, which, researchers have found, keeps your skin from developing wrinkles and other signs of aging. And when sunburn happens despite your vigilant efforts, you can mitigate the damage with these healing creams that soothe burns and rehydrate parched skin. SUNSCREENS Thinksport Sunscreen SPF 50+ ($13 for 3 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Thinksport Mineral-based sunscreens are great at blocking UVA rays (associated with skin cancer and accelerated signs of aging), but they form a physical barrier that sweat can’t penetrate. This chemical-free formula takes a novel approach: It uses zinc oxide (20%) blended with pine resin, which makes it unusually waterproof, yet it spreads on easily and feels surprisingly breathable. In my experience, it’s almost as comfortable as chemical sunscreens. Buy Now Supergoop! Sunscreen Mousse SPF 50 ($19 for 3.4 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Supergoop! Sunscreen haters, here’s your panacea: This whipped cream feels weightless but delivers bona fide protection from the sun. One application kept me burn-free after three sunny hours at 8,000 feet. Buy Now All Good Sport Sunscreen Spray SPF 30 ($22 for 6 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of All Good Yes, aerosol sunscreens are bad for you, because they use toxic chemicals as propellants, which get broadcast into the air and onto your skin. But All Good figured out a way to make a genuinely healthy spray. It uses nitrogen (a gas that’s already in the atmosphere) to force out sunscreen made from non-nano zinc particles (nanoparticles spread on easily but can harm the lungs when inhaled). Translation: a chemical-free spray that’s safe for you and the environment. It doesn’t even feel goopy—I never noticed it during a 20-minute bike sprint in 85-degree weather. Buy Now Sun Bum Signature Sunscreen SPF 30 ($18 for 3 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Sun Bum This zinc-based formula felt light and unobtrusive enough for my face. Once on, it stays put—even on sweaty days, it didn’t seep into my eyes, and the nongreasy feel prevented my hands from sliming up. Buy Now Beyond Coastal Active Face Stick SPF 30 ($7 for .5 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Beyond Coastal Some earth-friendly formulas have failed me in intense high-altitude or equatorial sun, but this lemony stick warded off sunburn in extreme conditions while keeping my hands goop-free. Buy Now Surface Rhythm Lip Balm SPF 50 ($3 for .15 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Surface This company makes several excellent sunscreen lotions, but I haven’t found anything that beats its lip balm. The sun protection factor is higher than most, yet it’s wonderfully emollient, with none of the chalky texture typical among zinc-based lip treatments. Buy Now AFTER-SUN TREATMENTS Mountain Mel’s The After Burn ($9 for 2.5 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Mountain Mel's Peppermint and aloe snuff sunburn’s fire, while jojoba and almond oil moisturize sun-parched skin. Buy Now Maui Babe After Browning Lotion ($15 for 4 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Maui Babe Maybe this lotion does turn sunburn into a healthy tan, as the company claims. What I can vouch for is its ultrahydrating effect, which minimizes peeling and makes taut, brittle-feeling skin feel more supple. Buy Now Ursa Major Golden Hour Recovery Cream ($48 for 1.7 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Ursa Major You could use this rich cream as an everyday moisturizer, but it comes into its own when applied to red, stressed-out skin. Instead of stinging, it soothes with calendula, sandalwood, and sea buckthorn. Buy Now Life Elements Healing Honey Stick ($18 for 2 Ounces)   Photo: Courtesy of Life Elements Honey has long been used to treat burns. This stick blends the bees’ cure-all with olive and almond oils to create a healing ointment that’s effective at healing sunburn, as well as road rash and climbing scrapes. Buy Now Filed To: Skin, Aging, Women's, Gear Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet SMS Icon Text Email Icon Email Subscribe to Outside Subscribe Now and Save 75%! State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Load More Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Affiliate-Link Policy RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC. Obsessed with Gear? Open newsletter. Drool. Repeat. Thank you! Email Address: Submit
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report: Average card APR jumps to 15.82 percent AUSTIN, Texas, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The national average APR for new card offers broke another record this week, rising to an all-time high, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. The average is comprised of 100 of the most popular credit cards in the country, including cards from dozens of leading U.S. issuers and representing every card category. Introductory (teaser) rates are not included in the calculation. Rates for card categories tracked by CreditCards.com are listed below: Credit Card Rate Averages The national average APR climbed to 15.82 percent, which is the highest average APR CreditCards.com has recorded since it began tracking rates in mid-2007. Bank of America helped kick off this week’s rate change with a 1-point rate increase on two of its basic, lower rate cards. The BankAmericard and the BankAmericard for Students now charge a minimum APR of 12.74 percent and a maximum APR of 22.74 percent. Walmart also increased the APR on the Walmart MasterCard by a quarter of a percent this week, causing its minimum APR to rise to 17.65 percent. In addition, CreditCards.com swapped out two cards that are no longer promoted online with rewards cards that charge somewhat higher APRs.  The CreditCards.com credit card rate survey (permalink: http://www.creditcards.com/rate-report) is conducted weekly, using offer data from leading U.S. card issuers’ websites. Introductory offer periods and regular interest rates will vary with applicants’ credit quality and issuer risk-based pricing policies. About CreditCards.com CreditCards.com is the leading online credit card marketplace connecting consumers with multiple credit card issuers, including a majority of the 10 largest in the United States, based on credit card transaction volume. CreditCards.com, http://www.creditcards.com, enables consumers to search for, compare and apply for credit cards and offers credit card issuers an online channel to acquire qualified applicants. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/creditcardscom-weekly-credit-card-rate-report-average-card-apr-jumps-to-1582-percent-300466390.html SOURCE CreditCards.com Related Links http://www.creditcards.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsEconomic News, Trends, Analysis, Surveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cutaneous t Cell Lymphoma Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Concrete protection coating Industry Overview, Shares, Growth, Demand and Forecast to 2022 Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report: Average card APR jumps to 15.82 percent AUSTIN, Texas, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The national average APR for new card offers broke another record this week, rising to an all-time high, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. The average is comprised of 100 of the most popular credit cards in the country, including cards from dozens of leading U.S. issuers and representing every card category. Introductory (teaser) rates are not included in the calculation. Rates for card categories tracked by CreditCards.com are listed below: Credit Card Rate Averages The national average APR climbed to 15.82 percent, which is the highest average APR CreditCards.com has recorded since it began tracking rates in mid-2007. Bank of America helped kick off this week’s rate change with a 1-point rate increase on two of its basic, lower rate cards. The BankAmericard and the BankAmericard for Students now charge a minimum APR of 12.74 percent and a maximum APR of 22.74 percent. Walmart also increased the APR on the Walmart MasterCard by a quarter of a percent this week, causing its minimum APR to rise to 17.65 percent. In addition, CreditCards.com swapped out two cards that are no longer promoted online with rewards cards that charge somewhat higher APRs.  The CreditCards.com credit card rate survey (permalink: http://www.creditcards.com/rate-report) is conducted weekly, using offer data from leading U.S. card issuers’ websites. Introductory offer periods and regular interest rates will vary with applicants’ credit quality and issuer risk-based pricing policies. About CreditCards.com CreditCards.com is the leading online credit card marketplace connecting consumers with multiple credit card issuers, including a majority of the 10 largest in the United States, based on credit card transaction volume. CreditCards.com, http://www.creditcards.com, enables consumers to search for, compare and apply for credit cards and offers credit card issuers an online channel to acquire qualified applicants. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/creditcardscom-weekly-credit-card-rate-report-average-card-apr-jumps-to-1582-percent-300466390.html SOURCE CreditCards.com Related Links http://www.creditcards.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsEconomic News, Trends, Analysis, Surveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cutaneous t Cell Lymphoma Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Concrete protection coating Industry Overview, Shares, Growth, Demand and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Automotive Electric Bus Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2020 Automotive Electric Bus Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2020 Alcoholic Drinks Packaging Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Bluestone Completes Acquisition of the Cerro Blanco Gold and Mita Geothermal Projects from Goldcorp EXPD Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. coal stocks fall; exit from climate deal may hurt, not help Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu Jun 1, 2017 | 3:31am IST U.S. coal stocks fall; exit from climate deal may hurt, not help left right Dump trucks haul coal and sediment at the Black Butte coal mine outside Rock Springs, Wyoming, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart/Files 1/2 left right U.S. President Donald Trump attends the G7 summit in Taormina, Sicily, Italy, May 26, 2017. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez/Files 2/2 By Rodrigo Campos and Nichola Groom | NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES U.S. coal company shares dipped alongside renewable energy stocks on Wednesday after reports that President Donald Trump plans to pull the United States from a global accord on fighting climate change. The market reaction reflects concerns, raised by some coal companies in recent months, that a U.S. exit from the Paris Climate Agreement could unleash a global backlash against coal interests outside the United States. Peabody Energy (BTU.N), the largest publicly traded U.S. coal company dropped 2.2 percent to $24.29 a share, while Arch Coal (ARCH.N) fell 0.4 percent to $70.77. A spokesman for Peabody said the company would support a decision by Trump to withdraw from the Paris deal because the "accord is flawed on a number of levels." Peabody, however, was among a handful of big coal companies that had argued that Trump should stay in the deal to help protect coal industry interests overseas, including by ensuring funding for coal-fired power plants and so-called "clean coal" technology. Cloud Peak Energy Inc (CLD.N) had also urged the Trump administration to stay in the Paris deal to prevent other nations from an aggressive turn against the global coal industry. Its shares were down 0.6 percent to $3.39. A spokesman for Cloud Peak declined to comment. A source briefed on the matter told Reuters that Trump is planning to follow through on his campaign pledge to pull the United States out of the Paris accord, a move designed to help boost domestic energy production and speed economic growth, after weeks of deliberations on the issue. Trump did not confirm the decision, but said he would make an announcement "over the coming days". CAMPAIGN PLEDGE A U.S. withdrawal would come over the objections of scores of big U.S. corporations - from Wal-Mart (WMT.N) to Exxon Mobil (XOM.N) - worried the move will complicate the business landscape instead of bolstering the economy. "For us, our position on the Paris agreement... we need a framework like that to address the risks of climate change," Exxon Mobil Chief Executive Officer Darren Woods told reporters on the sidelines of the company's annual general meeting on Wednesday. Exxon had made that case in a recent letter to the White House, he said. Exxon dipped 0.7 percent, ConocoPhillips (COP.N) declined 0.2 percent, and Chevron Corp (CVX.N) fell 0.6 percent. Crude oil prices fell to a three-week low on news that recovering Libyan output boosted OPEC crude output in May. Solar energy shares also got hit on Wednesday, with First Solar Inc (FSLR.O) down 2.5 percent, and SunPower Corp (SPWR.O) each down 3.4 percent. "Regardless of what the President decides on the accord, we expect America’s solar industry to continue to thrive and create jobs, boost the economy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions," the Solar Energy Industries Association said in a statement. Shares of Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), which recently acquired SolarCity, were up 1.8 percent at $341.01. Tesla CEO Elon Musk said in a Twitter post on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the Paris accord, and threatened to leave White House advisory councils if Trump announces a U.S. exit. Trump campaigned on a promise to unravel Obama-era climate regulations to help boost domestic oil, gas and coal production. Company executives, economists, and analysts have expressed skepticism, however, that his deregulatory agenda can alter existing trends away from coal. U.S. carbon emissions have declined to near 30-year lows, a trend driven by increased natural gas use replacing coal. The VanEck Vectors Coal exchange-traded fund (KOL.P) fell 1.2 percent to $12.71, not far from a five-month low hit earlier in May. The ETF is on track to fall 7.2 percent this month after rising in the first three months of the year as part of the so-called Trump trade. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Nichola Groom and Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Nick Zieminski and David Gregorio) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Sensex shrugs off weak GDP data, wait for RBI decision MUMBAI India's shares were flat, while bonds gained slightly despite data showing weaker-than-expected economic growth, with investors still betting the economy will improve. Global markets: Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks SINGAPORE Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Indian factory growth slows to three-month low in May Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent BJ’s adds two execs for digital transformation May 31, 2017 Private brands getting refresh at Family Dollar May 25, 2017 SpartanNash finishes Q1 with rising revenues, earnings May 25, 2017 Albertsons makes 2 e-commerce hires May 24, 2017 Jay C/Ruler Foods’ Bowen to retire May 24, 2017 Featured Meat promotions sizzling again May 26, 2017 Junquiero to retire from Save Mart May 24, 2017 Lowes expands further to South Carolina May 22, 2017 Wegmans going to Washington May 21, 2017 skyjo/iStock/Thinkstock Product Categories>Private Label European software firm establishing U.S. biz with eyes on private label S4RB facilitates supplier compliance Jon Springer | May 31, 2017 A European software company with expertise in connecting private brand suppliers and retailers is establishing a U.S. headquarters with eyes on a growing private brand opportunity in the U.S. United Kingdom-based Solutions for Retail Brands (S4RB), which already works with international retailers like Wal-Mart Stores and Walgreen Boots Alliance, is establishing a U.S. hub in Dallas to be led by co-founder Kieran Forsey. “The U.S. market is the largest private brand market and is facing a multiplicity of challenges, many of which we have already experienced in the U.K. We see a bright future for the private brand sector in the U.S. and are greatly encouraged by the positive response we have seen so far,” Forsey said in a statement. “By taking a fresh approach, and utilizing our global experience, we believe U.S. retailers can drive greater success through their private brand ranges. This promise is underlined by our decision to expand further and to open S4RB Inc.” S4RB said it provides software enabling retail teams and suppliers to work as “one team” to improve product quality, compliance and innovation, which in turn promotes greater customer satisfaction and brand loyalty. Walmart engaged the firm to help its suppliers comply with sustainability standards, the company said on its website. S4RB said its U.S. expansion has been made possible by a “seven-figure capital investment” from the private equity investment manager, Foresight Group. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Costco beats Q3 sales forecast on traffic, spending gainsMay 26, 2017 Private brands getting refresh at Family DollarMay 25, 2017 Sprouts bullish on private label strengthMay 19, 2017 Gallery: First look at Lidl’s private brandsMay 17, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
How this contacts startup is fighting optometrists to survive - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases How this contacts startup is fighting optometrists to survive Posted: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 12:52 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 2:54 PM EDT By Sara Ashley O'Brien NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Call it the Uber and Airbnb effect. These companies have had to fight high-profile regulatory battles in cities across the country, going up against the taxi and hotel industries. But they've had one big ally on their side: the public. Younger startups aren't so lucky. Less established, they have smaller user bases to draw from -- and entrenched interests are getting smarter about taking them on early. "The fights are coming sooner and startups have to be prepared sooner," according to regulatory adviser Bradley Tusk, who says he created his investment fund to solve political problems for startups. Tusk, who has worked with companies like Uber, says regulated industries are paying attention to startups early. And startups should take note. "If [startups are] in a regulated industry and they ignore the politics, they may not survive and everything they want to focus on won't matter," added Tusk. Joel Wishkovsky, founder of Simple Contacts, is learning this firsthand. Simple Contacts is a startup that lets people renew their contact prescription online or through its app. People take a vision test online, which is reviewed by doctors. If a prescription hasn't changed, it's renewed and you can buy a fresh supply of lenses for $10. But, facing opposition from optometrists, Simple Contacts' ability to operate has been challenged in 16 states. Optometrists, who you might see at a LensCrafters or WalMart, focus on conducting annual eye exams and selling contacts or glasses. Ophthalmologists, meanwhile, are doctors who can diagnose, operate, and conduct research on a range of eye issues. Simple Contacts, headquartered in New York, works with about 20 ophthalmologists who review vision tests, ensuring there are no abnormalities or prescription differences before issuing a new prescription. "There are some turf wars between the professions," said Paul Zerbinopoulos, an optometrist for the past 29 years. In 2016, optometrists came out hard against startups like Simple Contacts and Opternative, a startup offering at-home testing for contact lenses and glasses prescriptions. Three states successfully pushed to outlaw ocular telemedicine companies. In Indiana, the ban against them was grouped with controlled substances and abortion drugs. Wishkovsky, 34, was surprised that his startup, which is just a year old, has been met with opposition at such an early stage. Wishkovsky said a substantial portion of its latest funding round, $8 million raised in April, will go toward governmental affairs in order to get ahead of regulatory battles. In February, Simple Contacts brought on Jeremy Kudon, a partner at Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, who consults tech companies on regulatory issues. Kudon told CNN Tech that Simple Contacts is facing a "preemptive attack by in-state optometrists." Zerbinopoulos said he opposes startups like Simple Contacts not because they take away business but because they could put patients' health at risk. "For convenience's sake, you can risk your eyesight," he said, objecting to the lack of a doctor-patient relationship or a more comprehensive exam. Wishkovsky stressed that Simple Contacts is meant for those with healthy eyes -- it doesn't determine new prescriptions or diagnose things like astigmatism. Because the federal government has largely taken a hands off approach to regulating healthcare apps, states are taking it upon themselves to police the new players. And groups like the American Optometric Association can be powerful forces, contributing millions of dollars to candidates in 2016. When asked about the legislative efforts against ocular telehealth startups, the AOA said it opposes testing methods that are clinically unproven, calling them "dangerous" and said they give "patients a false sense of security." In Rhode Island, where legislation is currently awaiting a vote, one of the bill's coauthors, Representative Arthur Corvese, is even an optometrist. Corvese and other reps behind the bill did not return emails and calls. "They're threatened by [tech startups like us], and they'll do anything in their power to prevent it," said Wishkovsky, who said that his startup has been working closely with 1-800-Contacts and Opernative for months to counter legislative efforts. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
News Crime & Courts Police: 2 stolen cars crash in Newport News Wednesday; incidents may be related Arrest and booking photos are provided by law enforcement officials. Arrest does not imply guilt, and criminal charges are merely accusations. A defendant is presumed innocent unless proven guilty and convicted. Sarah J. KetchumContact ReporterDaily Press Privacy Policy Newport News police are investigating two incidents Wednesday involving stolen cars that ended up crashing in the city, an official said. A Newport News detective saw four people get into a car at the Walmart at 6111 Jefferson Ave.  about 6:30 a.m., according to police spokesman Lou Thurston.  The individuals matched the description of people involved in a pursuit with Virginia State Police early Wednesday morning, Thurston said. The detective called for assistance and additional officers responded. The car attempted to leave the parking lot driving through an entrance in the wrong direction. An officer driving through the entrance stopped to block it. When the officer got out of the vehicle, the suspect car rammed into the police car, Thurston said. Three people got out of the car and attempted to flee, but were apprehended, Thurston said. Two handguns were found while the suspects were taken into custody, he said. Officers determined the car was stolen out of Suffolk. It was towed from the scene, Thurston said. It is unclear Wednesday afternoon if the incident is connected with the earlier Virginia State Police pursuit, he said. However, police think a third incident in the city could be connected with the incident at Walmart. Newport News police spotted another car reported stolen in the 5800 block of Marshall Avenue about 9:30 a.m., Thurston said. The car accelerated and made a left turn onto Gloucester Drive and then struck a tree, he said. Three people ran from the car. Two of them were apprehended, and police are still looking for the third, according to Thurston. Schools in the area were temporarily placed on lockdown during the investigation, he said. The investigations are ongoing, he said. Caption Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Caption Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Hampton Division of Fire & Rescue is responded to a car that crashed into an apartment building.The man driving the car was taken to the hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening Caption The driver of a car that rolled over on Saunders Road in Newport News Wednesday was not injured in the crash, a fire official said. The driver of a car that rolled over on Saunders Road in Newport News Wednesday was not injured in the crash, a fire official said. Caption A snapping turtle arrived at the front steps of Riverside Elementary School in time for class Thursday morning.  A snapping turtle arrived at the front steps of Riverside Elementary School in time for class Thursday morning.  Caption The suspect, Richard Rojas, is said to have a history of driving under the influence. (May 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) The suspect, Richard Rojas, is said to have a history of driving under the influence. (May 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Caption Richard E. Garrity is survived by his wife, 9-year-old daughter and 5-year-old son. Richard E. Garrity is survived by his wife, 9-year-old daughter and 5-year-old son. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Crime Newport News Police Department Breaking News Videos Newport News 'Most Wanted' Hampton 'Most Wanted' Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Opinion Share Advertise 68°
Kansas Ag Network 94.5 Country FM Country Legends 106.9 Hot Jobs Report ENTER TO WIN! WIBW News Now! Kansas Source for News, Weather and Sports - Topeka, Lawrence, Manhattan, Junction City Header Weather 65°F Light Rain Feels Like 65° Winds ENE 5 mph Thu84° 64° Fri88° 66° Sat86° 65° Sun89° 63° Mon86° 61° ENTER TO WIN Home News Agriculture Sports Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Winners Station Contest Rules Weather Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts News at Noon Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us Hunt for Jackson County suspect ends with arrest in South Dakota by Ryan Ogle on May 31, 2017 at 12:33 PM The search for a Mayetta man wanted by authorities in northeast Kansas ended Tuesday at a Walmart in South Dakota. According to a news release from Jackson County Sheriff Tim Morse, 31-year-old Michael Dorsch was wanted on an outstanding warrant for aggravated battery and child endangerment stemming from a May 4 incident near Mayetta. Morse says Dorsch was the subject of a manhunt that evening after he allegedly beat a woman. Through a cooperative effort between the Jackson County Sheriff’s Office, three law enforcement agencies in South Dakota and FBI agents based in the bureau’s Topeka office, Dorsch was arrested shortly after 10 p.m. Tuesday. He was captured while hiding in a Sioux Falls, South Dakota Walmart. Authorities believe Dorsch was staying in Sisseton, South Dakota, located about 160 miles north of Sioux Falls. Sheriff Morse could not be immediately reached for additional comment. Ryan Ogle joined the 580 WIBW News team in 2015. Follow him on Twitter @RyanEOgle Headlines, Kansas Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Social Icons Zone 111 Trending Stories Police seize half-pound of meth, marijuana and pills in raid near elementary school Topeka gearing up for busy weekend of free, family-friendly events Topeka man killed in accident at a plant in Osage City Suspect charged with arson following house fire in central Topeka Late night at the Kansas Legislature results in House revolt and still no tax plan Suspect charged in central Topeka stabbing Social media rushes to define Trump’s ‘covfefe’ tweet School funding bill prepared for final vote in Kansas Senate Hunt for Jackson County suspect ends with arrest in South Dakota Kansas Senate passes school finance bill 23-16 Zone 112 Copyright © 2017 · Dynamik Website Builder on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Left Column Copyright © 2017 Alpha Media USA Right Column FCC Public Inspection File E.E.O. Public File Report WIBW Contest Rules Privacy Policy Careers Bottom Center Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/53.0.2785.143 Safari/537.36 Page Id: 123394 ~ User IP: 174.138.73.109 desktop chrome WIBW News Now! ENTER TO WIN Home News ▷ Agriculture Sports ▷ Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio ▷ 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Station Contest Rules Weather ▷ Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community ▷ Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video ▷ WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts ▷ News at Noon Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/31/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/31/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Restaurants Balance the Need for Well-Trained Employees and Automation Holding onto staff or even hiring has become a problem for the retail industry, especially restaurants. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) May 31, 2017 at 12:51PM On this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Vincent Shen is joined by Fool.com contributor Daniel Kline to discuss the ongoing challenges of staffing restaurants and how labor demand will change with the growth of technology. Plagued by high turnover and more competitive wages in other parts of the retail industry, major chains will have to increase their appeal as employers for the time being before automation potentially removes the problem entirely. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 16, 2017. Vincent Shen: An overarching theme, in terms of some of the technology we've had, eliminating the need for an employee, or someone to actually be the cashier, to be the server, also maybe minimizing some of the inconsistency that you can get in terms of the service experience. I want to end the show, though, on a bit of irony. You brought this up before we filmed, and I thought it was really interesting. Some reports that we have from insiders in the fast food industry, various recruiters for these companies who are running into a lot of problems, actually, staffing restaurants, and reducing some of the turnover that we see, which is at record levels right now, and keeping well-trained employees there. The management team at Chipotle, for example, has spoken about how they lost sight of that service side, about keeping restaurants clean, keeping the beverage and fountain machine clean, napkins off tables, trash off tables. I just thought it was interesting that, on the one hand, if you look out 10 to 20 years, you have this idea that you're going to eliminate the need for these employees entirely. But right now, even as they're testing things like these kiosks and tablets, which help eliminate the need, they're also running into issues keeping the restaurant staffed. The median wage for fast food work in this country is $8 to $9 per hour. But Wal-Mart, just two years ago --  Dan Kline: Went to $10. Shen: -- went to $10 across the country. Across their entire network of stores, at the minimum. They're running into this competition across all of retail. Kline: And I think you're seeing a justification for the companies that invested in employees. If you look at a Starbucks, which has healthcare and the college benefits, their turnover is less. I worked in retail, I ran a store. Just teaching someone all the procedures to run the register took months before they were good at it. If you're integrating someone onto the line at Chipotle, or working the fry later and knowing the procedural manual to clean the shake machine at McDonald's, which is horrifying, my wife having worked there in college -- that's not ice cream. But there's a huge opportunity cost. If you have been paying better all along, you might have actually been able to do it with less workers. Now, you're seeing a bit of a hierarchy. If I'm a worker at Dunkin' Donuts, I might be able to get hired at Starbucks, which will treat me better. If I'm a Taco Bell worker, maybe I can go to Chipotle or Starbucks. And you're going to start seeing the bottom of the chain -- during the last time we had a boom economy, my wife and I used to joke that you would go to the Dunkin' Donuts and the people working there would just point, and you wouldn't get what you wanted, but eventually they would get to something you like, and you would just take that anyway. And you're going to start to see real differences in service. As a country, you can argue what full employment means. But on a technical basis, we're at full employment, or right close to it, meaning there's not a huge pool of people -- there might be lots of people looking for better jobs, but there's not a huge pool of people looking for entry-level jobs. So you're going to start to see more teenagers. Starbucks doesn't hire a lot of 16 year olds in most markets. But you're probably going to see people like that, younger people, get some of these jobs, which can be good, but it's also a training issue, it's a scheduling issue because they can only work so many hours, they can't work during school, they can't work late at night. This is going to be a major factor, and for successful chains, it's going to force automation. Shen: Yeah. And we've talked before about how, ultimately, labor costs for a lot of these major chains, as much as 25% to 30% of their cost structure is there. It's interesting, trying to see them commit to this balancing act that they have, of making sure that right now, where they're not at the point where they can automate everything, having their employees be trained well, making sure the service experience is positive, and keeping customers coming back. Kline: I think if you're a worker -- I'm not 15 anymore, but I have a 13 year old child, and if he told me he wanted to be a manager someday of a restaurant chain, I would tell him to look at the ones that have a commitment to people. Starbucks has endlessly said and proven that with automation, they're not looking to replace workers, they're looking to shift the labor flow into production, meaning that there's always going to be an art to building a latte. Yes, you can go to Wawa and get a latte made by a machine, but that's not the same as one built by a person. If Starbucks is saying, "Yeah, we may not have order takers who are people, but we're absolutely going to have customer service and baristas and product experts, and we're going to put in these upscale bars, and you'll be incentivized to learn more about coffee," well, those are the chains that are going to attract whatever worker pool there is. And I think McDonald's is going to automate, because it's a difficult job, there's some upward mobility but it's still a hot, sweaty, unpleasant place to work, for the most part. It's all going to sort itself out, as long as the economy stays strong. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info May 31, 2017 at 12:51PM Consumer Goods Read More Better Buy: AT&T, Inc. vs. Sprint Here's Why the Worst Might Be Yet to Come for Philip Morris International The 3 Stocks on the MFM Team's Radar This Week 3 Dividend Stocks for Recent College Graduates 3 Growth Stocks for Successful Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Restaurants Balance the Need for Well-Trained Employees and Automation @themotleyfool #stocks
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / How this contacts startup is fighting optometrists to survive How this contacts startup is fighting optometrists to survive Posted on Wednesday, May 31, 2017 by CNN in Business News Call it the Uber and Airbnb effect. These companies have had to fight high-profile regulatory battles in cities across the country, going up against the taxi and hotel industries. But they’ve had one big ally on their side: the public. Younger startups aren’t so lucky. Less established, they have smaller user bases to draw from — and entrenched interests are getting smarter about taking them on early. “The fights are coming sooner and startups have to be prepared sooner,” according to regulatory adviser Bradley Tusk, who says he created his investment fund to solve political problems for startups. Tusk, who has worked with companies like Uber, says regulated industries are paying attention to startups early. And startups should take note. “If [startups are] in a regulated industry and they ignore the politics, they may not survive and everything they want to focus on won’t matter,” added Tusk. Joel Wishkovsky, founder of Simple Contacts, is learning this firsthand. Simple Contacts is a startup that lets people renew their contact prescription online or through its app. People take a vision test online, which is reviewed by doctors. If a prescription hasn’t changed, it’s renewed and you can buy a fresh supply of lenses for $10. But, facing opposition from optometrists, Simple Contacts’ ability to operate has been challenged in 16 states. Optometrists, who you might see at a LensCrafters or WalMart, focus on conducting annual eye exams and selling contacts or glasses. Ophthalmologists, meanwhile, are doctors who can diagnose, operate, and conduct research on a range of eye issues. Simple Contacts, headquartered in New York, works with about 20 ophthalmologists who review vision tests, ensuring there are no abnormalities or prescription differences before issuing a new prescription. “There are some turf wars between the professions,” said Paul Zerbinopoulos, an optometrist for the past 29 years. In 2016, optometrists came out hard against startups like Simple Contacts and Opternative, a startup offering at-home testing for contact lenses and glasses prescriptions. Three states successfully pushed to outlaw ocular telemedicine companies. In Indiana, the ban against them was grouped with controlled substances and abortion drugs. It is currently facing battles in Connecticut and Rhode Island. Wishkovsky, 34, was surprised that his startup, which is just a year old, has been met with opposition at such an early stage. Wishkovsky said a substantial portion of its latest funding round, $8 million raised in April, will go toward governmental affairs in order to get ahead of regulatory battles. In February, Simple Contacts brought on Jeremy Kudon, a partner at Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, who consults tech companies on regulatory issues. Kudon told CNN Tech that Simple Contacts is facing a “preemptive attack by in-state optometrists.” Zerbinopoulos said he opposes startups like Simple Contacts not because they take away business but because they could put patients’ health at risk. “For convenience’s sake, you can risk your eyesight,” he said, objecting to the lack of a doctor-patient relationship or a more comprehensive exam. Wishkovsky stressed that Simple Contacts is meant for those with healthy eyes — it doesn’t determine new prescriptions or diagnose things like astigmatism. Because the federal government has largely taken a hands off approach to regulating healthcare apps, states are taking it upon themselves to police the new players. And groups like the American Optometric Association can be powerful forces, contributing millions of dollars to candidates in 2016. When asked about the legislative efforts against ocular telehealth startups, the AOA said it opposes testing methods that are clinically unproven, calling them “dangerous” and said they give “patients a false sense of security.” In Rhode Island, legislation is currently awaiting a vote. The bill’s coauthors did not return emails and calls; neither did Rhode Island Representative Arthur Corvese, who is an optometrist. “They’re threatened by [tech startups like us], and they’ll do anything in their power to prevent it,” said Wishkovsky, who said that his startup has been working closely with 1-800-Contacts and Opernative for months to counter legislative efforts. — Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that Corvese was a coauthor of the bill. Few Americans think GOP health care bill should pass Don't sleep on Microsoft. Stock is quietly soaring Related Posts Lunch with Warren Buffett will cost at least $2.6 million Dove chocolate recalled over allergy threat Siemens to axe 7,800 jobs Yahoo hacked; Fed reaction; Venezuela’s new cash Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Vt. AG announces new plans to combat rising phone scams - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH WCAX Investigates Super Seniors Recipes & Food Energy Tips Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Vt. AG announces new plans to combat rising phone scams Posted: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 12:02 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 6:06 PM EDT By Ike Bendavid BioEmail Connect Biography bendavid@wcax.com Follow @WCAX_Ike WILLISTON, Vt. - Utility scams have gone up 100 percent in the last year. Now there's a new program in Vermont to help make sure you don't get scammed. These calls can be so convincing because sometimes everything looks legit.  When these scammers call, the caller ID comes up on your phone as a Vermont utility and then the scammers threaten to cut off your power if you don't pay up. "On the caller ID it said Green Mountain Power with a Vermont number," said Felicia Charland. Charland's unexpected call from GMP made her suspicious. "He said we are shutting your electric off if you don't pay us right now. I said we don't owe any money and I hung up," said Charland. Scam calls like the one she got are on the rise -and not everyone hangs up. Many fall for it. "Vermonters are getting ripped off we are here to stop it today," said Vermont Attorney General T.J. Donovan. Which is why Wednesday, Donovan announced a new effort to make sure people know that these calls are happening and what to do to protect them. These signs are heading to places like Wal-Mart and CVS. Places where Vermonters give thousands of dollars to scammers each year through money orders.  "We have these scam buster posters up in all six of our Vermont stores and hopefully we will be able to curb what's happening to Vermonters," said Jason Klipa, Wal-Mart. Klipa says they're also training their employees to detect scams when giving out money orders.  "They are allowed to ask questions and ultimately they are allowed to say how did this come through and who reached out to you," said Klipa. Donovan says these scam calls are hard to prosecute since most of them come from out of the country.  That's why he says it's important to be skeptical like Charland was. "What alerted me was that they were very demanding and they wanted it over the phone and GMP does not do that, I know that," said Charland. Like she said, utility companies like GMP will never contact you and ask for your Social Security number and demand money over the phone. So if you get one of those calls, hang up and contact the utility directly. Local NewsMore>> Heroin arrest in Burlington Heroin arrest in Burlington Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 1:05 AM EDT2017-06-01 05:05:20 GMT A suspected Burlington drug dealer is off the streets. A suspected Burlington drug dealer is off the streets. Boil water issued in Peru, NY Boil water issued in Peru, NY Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 1:04 AM EDT2017-06-01 05:04:37 GMT A boil water order in Peru, New York. A boil water order in Peru, New York. Car crash closes Susie Wilson Byway in Essex Car crash closes Susie Wilson Byway in Essex Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 11:45 PM EDT2017-06-01 03:45:57 GMT Susie Wilson Bypass in Essex was closed Wednesday night because of an accident. Susie Wilson Bypass in Essex was closed Wednesday night because of an accident. Police: St. Albans state office building evacuated after bomb threat Police: St. Albans state office building evacuated after bomb threat Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 6:03 PM EDT2017-05-31 22:03:26 GMT Police say there was a bomb threat at the Vermont State Office Building on Federal Street in St. Albans City. Police say there was a bomb threat at the Vermont State Office Building on Federal Street in St. Albans City. Peru resident helps rescue 2 people from Lake Champlain Peru resident helps rescue 2 people from Lake Champlain Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 6:39 PM EDT2017-05-31 22:39:41 GMT Two people were rescued from Lake Champlain Wednesday morning after clinging to a boat for more than an hour. Two people were rescued from Lake Champlain Wednesday morning after clinging to a boat for more than an hour. Talks underway for plea deal for 2015 Vermont shooting death Talks underway for plea deal for 2015 Vermont shooting death Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 10:57 AM EDT2017-05-31 14:57:04 GMT Lawyers in the case of a 31-year-old Vermont man facing a murder charge in the 2015 shooting death of a man in Greensboro are talking about a plea deal. Lawyers in the case of a 31-year-old Vermont man facing a murder charge in the 2015 shooting death of a man in Greensboro are talking about a plea deal. Police: Vt. woman drove drunk, ended up on train tracks Police: Vt. woman drove drunk, ended up on train tracks Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 4:55 PM EDT2017-05-31 20:55:30 GMT A Vermont woman drunk at the wheel ended up off the road and onto train tracks until her car got stuck. A Vermont woman drunk at the wheel ended up off the road and onto train tracks until her car got stuck. Police: Man robbed Colchester Maplefield's with hammer Police: Man robbed Colchester Maplefield's with hammer Updated: Wednesday, May 31 2017 4:17 PM EDT2017-05-31 20:17:01 GMT Police in Colchester are tracking a robber who held up the Maplefield's Store on Roosevelt Highway. Police in Colchester are tracking a robber who held up the Maplefield's Store on Roosevelt Highway. News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Netflix CEO Reed Hastings on Amazon: ‘They’re Awfully Scary’ Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk REX/Shutterstock May 31, 2017 | 08:51AM PT Reed Hastings, Netflix’s co-founder, chairman and CEO, acknowledged that Amazon is a very large and formidable rival — even as he praised the e-commerce giant as helping to grow the streaming-video sector. “We’re continuing to watch them and be impressed with them,” Hastings said in an interview on CNBC’s “Squawk Alley” Wednesday. “They’re helping to grow the industry… [but] they’re awfully scary.” At the same time, Hastings drew a distinction between the overall strategy of the two companies, noting that Netflix is focused entirely on subscription VOD whereas Amazon is trying to sell hundreds of different products. “We’re trying to be Starbucks, they’re trying to be Walmart,” he said. Amazon’s video content budget for 2017 will be about $4.5 billion, according to J.P. Morgan estimates. Netflix is set to spend $6 billion on content this year — as well as another $1 billion marketing it. Amazon is paying about $50 million for NFL’s “Thursday Night Football” package of 10 games next season. But Netflix still has no interest in acquiring right to live sports, Hastings said, reiterating the position he and other execs have expressed. Netflix also doesn’t plan to invest in live news programming, he added. In the CNBC interview, Hastings said Netflix is continuously investing in artificial intelligence in order to improve its content recommendations. “We want you to turn on Netflix with a row of four shows, you just want to watch them all,” he said. Even with all of Netflix’s ballyhooed expertise in crunching data, Hastings said that the company’s content acquisitions are “fundamentally a creative bet” and gave props to chief content officer Ted Sarandos. Netflix — which famously does not reveal viewing metrics — mostly measures the success of its content based on how many people watch the programming, as well as how it affects subscriber signups and retention, Hastings said. Netflix was surprised by the popularity of teen-suicide drama “13 Reasons Why,” according to Hastings. He noted that the company has not canceled many shows; while he didn’t mention it, last week Netflix canceled Baz Luhrmann’s pricey original series “The Get Down” after one season. Filed Under: Amazon Netflix reed hastings Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Film Film Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ Digital Hollywood Reacts to Trump’s ‘Covfefe’ Twitter Typo TV NBC Moves ‘This Is Us’ Back to Tuesday Nights TV CNN Cuts Ties With Kathy Griffin After Trump Stunt Emmy Contenders: Time to Shake Up Lead Actor Races Emmy Preview: Stephen Colbert Will Bring Political Heat to Hosting Gig Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Cannes Awards: Controversial Swedish Satire ‘The Square’ Wins Palme d’Or Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Gallery: What Melania Wore During Her First Trip Abroad Samantha Bee: Donald Trump Played "The Idiot Abroad" And Brought… Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's NATO-Branded Blue Socks… Fargo Recap: Strangers on a Bus 'Fargo' Review: Carrie Coon Fights the Mashed Potato Theory, and… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Skip to main content Opinion ENG ESP S ☰ SECTIONS Opinion Political cartoons Politics City planning Demographics Education Elections Housing Immigration Law People Security Culture Cuisine Environment Film & Television Health Lifestyle Literature Music The Philadelphia Story Religion Science Sports Spotlight on new artists Theater Visual Arts Local Philadelphia Business Economy Jobs Media & Technology Products People EDITOR'S PICKS AL DÍA PRESS ROOM Shortcuts Videos Philadelphia Events MORE Authors AL DÍA Jobs About us Careers Events AL DÍA Store CONNECT Events Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube S SEARCH ☰ SECTIONS Opinion Political cartoons Politics City planning Demographics Education Elections Housing Immigration Law People Security Culture Cuisine Environment Film & Television Health Lifestyle Literature Music The Philadelphia Story Religion Science Sports Spotlight on new artists Theater Visual Arts Local Philadelphia Business Economy Jobs Media & Technology Products People EDITOR'S PICKS AL DÍA PRESS ROOM Shortcuts Videos Philadelphia Events MORE Authors AL DÍA Jobs About us Careers Events AL DÍA Store CONNECT Events Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Menu Opinion Advertisement [OP-ED]: Anti-Latino rhetoric is building walls within our schools by Juan Alba  05/31/2017 - 11:12 in Latino boys, “may already face social pressures that discourage self-regulatory behaviors in academic settings (e.g. peer pressure to appear to not care about school).” Lea en Español Lea en Español [OP-ED]: Anti-Latino rhetoric is building walls within our schools It is said that your perception is your reality. This truth is more important to understand than ever since some of us are living in a time when reality is skewed by perceptions shaped by falsehoods from people in power. [OP-ED]: Anti-Latino rhetoric is building... By Esther Cepeda May 31, 2017 Donald Trump rode into the White House by pushing the idea that Muslims have a propensity toward terrorism, that African-Americans live in crumbling ghetto war zones, and that Latinos are illegal immigrants who bring crime to communities. If you happen to fall into any of those groups, this stuff gets into your head, even when you try hard to shut it out. Not long ago I was walking out of Walmart with a cart full of goods and the greeter, an elderly white gentleman, stopped me to check my receipt and inspect my cart.  “Why me? Why not the white guy behind me or the little old white lady who cruised out in front of me?” I thought to myself. “Is it because of my brown skin and brown hair? Do I just look like someone who would try to sneak a few items through?” Something similar happened at a different store last month. I was rolling my cart down the aisle and an older white lady was, seemingly out of nowhere, super rude and condescending to me.  Maybe she was just a jerk. Maybe she was just having a bad day. But I had to wonder if she felt like she could bully me because she was white and I’m not. When you have experiences like these there are two options: (1) Feel bad about others for, potentially, having discriminated against you or (2) Feel bad about yourself for thinking discrimination was involved. (Was I, myself, racially profiling these people by attributing their behaviors to their race or ethnicity?)  Either way, you feel bad.  These everyday experiences take a toll -- sometimes in ways that are completely unexpected. For instance, a recent study published online in the journal Ethnic and Racial Studies found that middle school Latino boys with higher awareness of the Arizona SB1070 law -- also known as the “show me your papers” law -- had a harder time controlling their classroom behavior than girls with similar knowledge of the law, and boys with less knowledge of the law. There are a few factors at work here. For one, boys are well documented to be less able to control their impulses and behaviors in a classroom setting than are girls. And the authors, all of whom are researchers at Arizona State University at Tempe, note, “There is a growing psychological literature suggesting that males are more likely to perceive discrimination than females.”  In general, Latino boys and young men are at higher risk than their white peers and their female peers to fall behind in reading and math. Latino boys, according to the authors, “may already face social pressures that discourage self-regulatory behaviors in academic settings (e.g. peer pressure to appear to not care about school).” Throw onto that pile the specter of upheaval due to possible effects of SB1070 on fragile family structures -- i.e. knowing a family member who is living in the country without permission or having a close relative at risk for removal -- and the boys themselves reported lower levels of classroom behaviors like being able to follow teacher instructions or stay quiet while others are talking.  “[This] suggests that Latino males, many of whom belong to immigrant families themselves or coexist with immigrants in their communities and schools, may be at risk for academic adjustment problems resulting from the enforcement of strict immigration laws,” wrote the authors. “Latino males have the highest school dropout [rate] compared to any other group in the U.S.A. (U.S. Department of Education 2014), and thus it is critical that we identify factors that hinder and promote the educational prospects of these youths.” That fears about deportations breaking up families might have an adverse effect on Latino students isn’t shocking. But it is sobering that mere awareness has such an outsize effect.  Considering that research from across the country has documented post-election instances of immigration-related bullying and racism in schools, one thing is clear: No border wall has been funded or built, yet Trump’s commitment to it will have a lasting negative impact on a growing portion of the country’s public school students. More in Opinion [OP-ED]: “Vendepatrias” [OP-ED]: Trump supporters have good reason to take criticism personally [OP-ED]: How Saudi Arabia played Donald Trump [OP-ED]: The road to impeachment? Advertisement NewsLetter Stay up to date with our daily NEWSBITES and Events AL DÍA Daily in English AL DÍA Diario en Español AL DÍA Events Newsletter AL DÍA OP-ED Weekly Newsletter Email Address * Related Stories [OP-ED]: Am I Latino Enough? [OP-ED]: An epic comeback [OP-ED]: Is your phone eavesdropping on your conversation about cannibalism? Mine may have. [OP-ED]: Sessions’ inartful testimony does not amount to perjury [OP-ED]: Who’s afraid of the ‘administrative state’? Advertisement © 2016 AL DÍA NEWS Media. ADVERTISE PRINT EDITION CONTACT US PRIVACY TERMS OF SERVICE SITE CREDITS S SEARCH ☰ SECTIONS Opinion Political cartoons Politics City planning Demographics Education Elections Housing Immigration Law People Security Culture Cuisine Environment Film & Television Health Lifestyle Literature Music The Philadelphia Story Religion Science Sports Spotlight on new artists Theater Visual Arts Local Philadelphia Business Economy Jobs Media & Technology Products People EDITOR'S PICKS AL DÍA PRESS ROOM Shortcuts Videos Philadelphia Events MORE Authors AL DÍA Jobs About us Careers Events AL DÍA Store CONNECT Events Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   DINING GUIDE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   e-Edition   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other June 1, 2017 Man arrested after robbery in Dardanelle by BY SEAN INGRAM sean@couriernews.com The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 10:00 AM, Wednesday, May 31 2017 | 685 views | 2  | 0   |  |  DARDANELLE -- An Ola man was arrested Sunday and faces charges of aggravated robbery, theft of property and fleeing after an incident at a Dardanelle restaurant. According to a statement from Dardanelle Police Chief Montie Sims, officers were dispatched at approximately 11:04 a.m. Sunday to a robbery in progress at Subway in the Village Shopping Center. Employees told officers upon their arrival that a man wearing a yellow raincoat, with a dark mask over his face, and gloves on his hands came into the store and demanded money while he waved a wife at them. The employees told police they ran out and saw the man come out of the store, cross the parking lot to State Highway 22 and cross the highway and disappeared behind a warehouse west of the highway. Officer David Ridings later attempted to stop a white man he observed in a parking lot and next to the warehouse. The suspect refused to obey the officer's command to stop and ran south toward State Highway 27 and Wal-Mart. A foot pursuit began with Yell County Sheriff's Office (YCSO) units assiting. The man, 34, with an Ola address, was taken into custody behind Wal-Mart by sheriff's deputies and officers from the Yell County Mounted Patrol. The suspect, who faces a probable cause and bond hearing in Yell County Circuit Court, is currently at the Yell County Detention Center in Danville and faces formal charges of aggravated robbery, theft of property and fleeing. Sims said the investigation is still continuing as officers interview witnesses, collect additional evidence and the possible search of another person of interest. "The Dardanelle Police Department wishes to thank the public for their assistance, the Yell County Sheriff's Office and the Yell County Mounted Patrol," he said. Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | Comments (2) Post a Comment dawson757 | 12 Hours Ago I think the main takeaway is to proof read your articles. But it is funny! Was she arrested as an accomplice? LOL Reply Report Abuse mickz28 | 12 Hours Ago Lol - If he waved a wife at them while demanding money, she must be frighteningly ugly. Also, by stating "a wife" it implies he has more than one, so add polygamy charges while you're at it! Reply Report Abuse Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Tesla hits new all-time highs while market flat-lines >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Can Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Really Get Much Better Than This? Amazon stock has been one of my top winners, but concerns of an overheated market are creeping in By Josh Enomoto, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 31, 2017, 10:06 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Too Good to Ignore Can Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Really Get Much Better Than This? Buy Fitbit Inc (FIT) Stock for the Turnaround Recent Posts: Buy Fitbit Inc (FIT) Stock for the Turnaround Can Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Really Get Much Better Than This? Why Boeing Co (BA) Stock Will Keep Getting Stronger View All Posts About a month-and-a-half ago, I labeled Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) as a “GOAT stock,” or the greatest of all time. I based that description on a combination of factors, which primarily includes the absolute dominance of Amazon.com in the e-commerce sphere. Additionally, CEO Jeff Bezos is hardly a complacent business leader, hungrily pushing his company towards innovation. Oh yeah, AMZN stock ain’t too shabby, either. Source: Shutterstock When all is said and done, it’s the willingness of people to part ways with their cash that truly matters. I think we’re all familiar with the basic criticisms of Amazon stock. The company is, using the words of InvestorPlace feature writer James Brumley, “barely profitable.” Certainly, profitability margins are ho-hum at best. Also, whether we look at the price-earnings or forward-earnings ratio, AMZN is significantly overvalued. And yet, Amazon stock continues to defy both investor expectations and the physical laws of the markets. Year-to-date, Amazon stock is up an amazing 33%. Its competitors, and those who are deeply affected by Amazon.com, are largely swimming in a tub of red ink. Even Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), which has AMZN locked in its sights, can only muster 13%. But given the enormous rally in AMZN stock, should an overheated market concern investors? Not that I’m a barometer of anything, but shares are up nearly 11% from my “GOAT stock” article. Just from Murphy’s Law, I should be eating a face full of crow, especially in light of the not-so-great financials. But seriously, can Amazon stock pull off another run from here? Is AMZN Stock Too Hot? Mr. Brumley is raising the caution flag. He writes, “Owning Amazon stock isn’t an investment in an e-commerce giant. It’s a bet on a premise. That premise is a presumption that other traders will be even more enamored by the barely profitable company six months to two years in the future.” Whether you agree with him or not, I think we can all appreciate him crystallizing why it is that AMZN isn’t so compelling now. “Simply put, numbers ending with “000” tend to be viewed as subconscious targets, prodding the very buying (or selling) necessary to reach those levels. Now traders have nothing to psychologically latch onto with Amazon, leading to lost interest.” The technical charts confirm Brumley’s warnings. As he mentions, Amazon stock is right at the top of a trend channel that’s been in play since 2015. Just judging from prior market dynamics, we would expect AMZN shares to at least drop back to the support line. If so, that could drop everybody’s favorite e-commerce retailer into high-$800 territory. To throw in my two cents, shares of Amazon.com could be forming a rising wedge formation. According to StockCharts, the rising wedge “is a bearish pattern that begins wide at the bottom and contracts as prices move higher and the trading range narrows. In contrast to symmetrical triangles, which have no definitive slope and no bullish or bearish bias, rising wedges definitely slope up and have a bearish bias.” Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-much-better-than-this/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Boring Stocks Investors Can Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Buy Fitbit Stock for the Turnaround 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is on the Verge of a Meltdown Most Popular 5 Stocks to Sell in June 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
