Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 15 May 2017 | MYT 12:46 PM Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Packages moving along a conveyor belt inside a Wal-Mart fulfilment centre in Pennsylvania. The vigour of Wal-Mart’s online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. — Bloomberg NEW YORK: Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce.  The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon.  Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on May 18.  A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie.  Part of Amazon’s success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com.  ”It’s because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life,” she told AFP.  ”Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy’s, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don’t have a connection with any of them throughout the day.”  Shopping spree  Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon.  It spent US$3.3bil (RM14.31bil) last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for US$550mil (RM2.38bil).  Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based.  His annual salary at US$237mil (RM1.02bil) is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon.   In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com (US$70mil/RM303.55mil), ModCloth (US$45mil/RM195.14mil) and MooseJaw (US$51mil/RM221.16mil).   Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for US$300mil (RM1.30bil), according to a person close to the matter.  Part of Wal-Mart’s objective is to become a go-to place online for “essential” products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children’s toys.  ”We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. “We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount.”  Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favour of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than US$35 (RM151).   Under the programme, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart’s 4,700 US stores.   Amazon keeps edge  These efforts may cut into Amazon’s lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon.  ”They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival,” said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero.  ”I don’t see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it’s still very early,” he said.  The vigor of Wal-Mart’s online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores.  Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon.  Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce.   Amazon is “the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway,” Donoghue said. “I don’t think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player.”  For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at US$453mil (RM1.96bil), compared with Wal-Mart’s US$230mil (RM997.39mil).  That’s in spite of Wal-Mart’s far greater overall revenues, which were US$485.9bil (RM2.10bil) in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. — AFP Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Life & Style , Technology Related Stories You May Be Interested Xenophobia, hate speech thrive unchecked in bloody online games Follow these tips to make sure your passwords are safe In Silicon Valley, even mobile homes are getting too pricey for longtime residents Turn any bottle into a speaker with this new gadget 10 after work habits for personal success The joint venture way to business success Others Also Read PKR to decide on fate of PAS exco tomorrow Food to satisfy all tastebuds Bentong MP reminds students to work smart advertisement Latest News Maybank IB: Genting Malaysia's TP maybe trimmed if decision of US resort casino unfavourable Lyft, Waymo ink self-driving car deal: NY Times Maybulk remains cautious for 2017 amid volatile dry bulk market StanChart Research: Manufacturing sector likely to boost Malaysia's Q1 growth OCBC Al-Amin Bank launches Shariah-compliant 360 savings account Most Viewed in Tech Malaysia’s mapping communities switch gears United Airlines mocked for trying to get in on viral teen nugget sensation Replaced by robots World braces for more cyberattacks as work week begins Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyberattack, authorities brace for more Follow these tips to make sure your passwords are safe Multinationals in Vietnam targeted by hackers linked to government How to cope with a break-up in the digital age Xperia XA1: A new X-periance Ransomware threat lingers Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Hearing set in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits settlement May 14, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago BOSTON (AP) — A federal judge in Boston has scheduled a hearing in a class-action lawsuit by Wal-Mart employees who sued the retail chain for denying health benefits to their same-sex spouses. A proposed settlement of $7.5 million would pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S, and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The lawsuit was initially filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, an employee at a Massachusetts Wal-Mart. The suit said the Bentonville, Arkansas, company denied medical insurance for her wife. Wal-Mart began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. A fairness hearing is scheduled for Monday. Judges hold such hearings to determine whether the settlement should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Access To Health Care Health Legal Settlements Legal Proceedings Law And Order National Courts Courts Judiciary Government And Politics National Governments Class Action Lawsuits Lawsuits Gays And Lesbians Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Latest in section Toshiba reports massive loss for year over Westinghouse woes The Latest: Japan Inc. sees no major impact from ransomware Trade groups appeal to Beijing to postpone cybersecurity law As a region's home foundations crumble, so do town coffers The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack More on this topic Toshiba reports massive loss for year over Westinghouse woes The Latest: Japan Inc. sees no major impact from ransomware Trade groups appeal to Beijing to postpone cybersecurity law As a region's home foundations crumble, so do town coffers The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til owner $225 million in debt, eyes three more closings Fight in Crown Point restaurant involves 20 people Downtown Crown Point shooting damages cars, homes Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville One night in East Chicago, 2 kids killed Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +10 Travel Photos: A look at Disney World's new Pandora-World of Avatar land 219 The 53 best movies of the 1940s State and Regional News Montana's homeless population, by the numbers Bregman, Astros tee off Tanaka for 10-7 win, DH split Yanks' Chapman to miss at least month with shoulder injury Dubrovnik Vacation Travel Guide | Expedia Rockies' Senzatela gets emotional win year after mom's death Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses POPA HEATING & COOLING 2643 HIGHWAY AVE, HIGHLAND, IN 46322 Malinich Jewelers 9153 Wicker Ave, Saint John, IN 46373 TRILLIUM WOODS NURSERY 1310 LAKE DRIVE, CHESTERTON, IN 46304 Wild Birds Unlimited 138 Us Hwy 41, Schererville, IN 46375 Business Directory Latest Local Offers R & H Remodeling Is your bathroom looking a little worse for wear? Call R & H Remodeling today! Workmanship guaranteed! 219-937-7448 May 4, 2017 Mickey's Car Barn At Mickey's Car Barn we will make your corvette meet NCRS Performance Certification Standards, call us today! May 4, 2017 United Starter & Alternator, LLC Bring or send all your starters, alternators or generators to United Starter & Alternator for repairs! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 May 4, 2017 Snow & Ice Pros Inc. Looking For A Snow Maintenance Crew For Next Season? Click Here To See Why Snow & Ice Pros, Inc. Is The Best Choice! May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart, Home Depot, TJX could reverse retail's earnings disaster CNBC Patti Domm 9 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Trump: Debt and deficits will rise, all in the name of growth In cashless Sweden, even God now takes collection via an app Click to expand Replay Video Ransomware 'WannaCry' attack explained A ransomware attack targeting organizations, businesses and hospitals is spreading across about 100 countries. CNN Money Tesla's solar roof may be stylish, but is it affordable? Tesla is officially selling its new solar roof, but it may not be worth the energy costs it could save you. Newsy Do fidget spinners really help with ADHD? Nope, experts say They're touted as handheld, bring-anywhere gadgets that can eliminate anxiety and even help focus kids and adults with ADHD. Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO The Week Ahead: New Google gadgets on tap CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ransomware 'WannaCry' attack explained CNN Money1:51 Tesla's solar roof may be stylish, but is it affordable? Newsy0:42 Do fidget spinners really help with ADHD? Nope, experts say Money1:40 Trump is reportedly selling his Caribbean estate for $28 million — take a look inside Business Insider1:36 Fewer Chinese buy overseas property Reuters1:28 Facebook is as addictive as chocolate and nicotine Veuer0:35 Cracks in the TI-84 calculator monopoly? CNN Money1:57 This paramedic built a 7-figure company CNBC0:49 Is the US on the verge of a historic innovation boom? Fox Business3:27 How much are consumers willing to pay for fully autonomous cars? Wochit Tech0:42 The bike boom causing chaos in China Reuters1:54 The world's affordable pharmacy is ... CNN Money1:35 A cheaper, tastier way to eat lunch at work BBC News2:17 Boston's new robotics hub Bloomberg2:32 Auto loan fraud on the rise Fox Business0:35 Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Business Insider2:20 UP NEXT Earnings season saved the worst for last with a major retail bombshell, but now it will be up to Wal-Mart, TJX, Home Depot and others to change the industry's tone in the week ahead. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 75.71 -0.42 -0.55% TJX Companies Inc TJX ▼ 77.31 -2.16 -2.72% Rexnord Corp RXN ▼ 22.98 -0.36 -1.54% Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▼ 33.45 -0.18 -0.54% AdChoices Retailers always bring up the rear in earnings season, with more than 450 S&P 500 companies already reporting as of Friday. Feeling the continued pressure from online sales, department stores Macy's, Kohl's, Nordstrom and Dillard's soured what has been a strong earnings season. Their stocks continued to get slammed Friday, with Macy's down 18 percent for the week and Nordstrom down 16 percent. The big chains are being crushed by too much floor space, in a world where consumers are increasingly going online instead of to the mall. April's 0.4 percent gain in retail sales, while below estimates, still signaled that consumers are reasonably healthy but may have changed spending patterns. April online sales rose 1.4 percent. One bright spot was that March headline retail sales were revised higher to show a slight 0.1 percent gain, from a decline. Wal-Mart (WMT) reports earnings this Thursday, and TJX (TJX) and Home Depot (HD)report Tuesday in another week dominated by retailers' earnings. Of those three, only Wal-Mart is expected to see lower profits, with earnings per share down about 2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters. Off-price retailer TJX, down less than 2 percent for the week, may be a winner as the slide in department stores deepens. Retailer earnings/sales expectations for week of May 15 © Provided by CNBC Source: Thomson Reuters Reports are also expected from discount chain Target, which has been struggling of late, and Gap (GPS) and Urban Outfitters (GPS), both in the weak apparel space. Earnings for the S&P 500 companies so far are up nearly 15 percent, thanks in part to an outsized pop in energy earnings based on favorable comparisons for oil in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters. That's the best earnings growth since 2011. The afterglow of a strong earnings season could help support stocks in a week with little economic data. "You have to look at what's happening in the retail sector as an anomaly in the context of overall S&P 500 earnings," said Dan Suzuki, equity strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. He said companies are more confident in their earnings outlooks, though he believes this is the peak quarter for earnings gains, in part based on the energy bounce. "For the last two months in a row, you've seen more instances of companies guiding above expectations than below," he said. "That ratio of above versus below is almost double the historical average." The ratio of above-vs.-below consensus earnings guidance rose above 1.0 in both March and April, the highest levels since late 2014 and well above the long-term average of 0.6. BofA also studied earnings comments on conference calls to gauge the attitude of companies and finds that they are more upbeat than they've been in a long while. The use of the word "better," compared with uses of "worse" or "weaker," was at the highest level since 2010. © Provided by CNBC Stocks managed to suffer relatively small losses in the past week even as retailers were ripped; social media stock Snap got whacked, and the big expected rebound in economic data was less significant than many hoped for. On top of that, there was one of the biggest ruckuses out of Washington since President Donald Trump entered the White House. Sideshow on the 'showboat' Washington in the past week put on one of the biggest sideshows yet over the president's firing of FBI Director James Comey, who was investigating the Trump campaign's ties to Russia. Trump said he'd been itching to fire him all along and that he was a "showboat" and "grandstander." But though the ill-timed firing created an explosion of criticism, lots of finger-pointing, and calls for a special prosecutor, stocks showed little impact. There was little fallout in markets. But the big risk is that the bipartisan and in some cases partisan squabbling over Comey could slow down efforts to move forward on a new health-care plan and tax reform. The prospect of tax reform has been supporting stock prices, though investors have been lowering their expectations for when it might be approved. Suzuki said investors are split over whether tax reform could happen this year or whether it will now be into next year. "It's 50-50 in terms of people who think it's going to get done this year," he said. If it starts looking like it will be later, rather than sooner, that's when the market could get hurt. "That's why we think, even though we have such a stellar first-quarter earnings season, the risk/rewards turn negative over the next several months. We think the market will turn higher at the end of the year, but between now and then there will be a lot of chop," he said. The VIX, (.VIX) CBOE's Volatility index, dipped to a decade low below 10 just before Comey's firing. By the end of the week it was just up to 10.40, still a very low level signaling lots of market complacency. It's not just stocks, as the low volatility has crept into currencies and bonds. The S&P 500 (.SPX) was down 0.3 percent for the week, at 2,390. The Nasdaq was positive, up 0.3 at 6,121. Treasury yields, which move inversely to prices, were lower on the week. The 2-year (US2Y) yield, which most reflects the activity of the Fed on interest rates, edged down to 1.28 percent. Suzuki said he expects stocks to end the year higher but he would not be surprised to see a 6 to 7 percent decline in the S&P, down to about 2,200. "You had the political support for optimism around tax reform. That's likely to fade in the coming months. You had the backdrop of improving global growth and confidence over the last couple of months. You've seen some of the major PMIs globally start to roll over," he said. Suzuki, like other analysts, is watching China to see if signs of slowing there increase. Industrial production and retail sales for China will be reported Sunday night, well ahead of the U.S. open Monday. In the U.S., there is Empire State manufacturing data Monday and the Philadelphia Fed survey Thursday. Both are important early indicators of the state of business activity in the second quarter. © Provided by CNBC What to Watch Monday Earnings: Trivago, (TRVG) Nippon Telegraph, Noah Holdings, DXP Enterprises (DXPE) 8:30 a.m. Empire State manufacturing 10:00 a.m. NAHB survey 4:00 p.m. TIC data Tuesday Earnings: Home Depot, TJX Cos, Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS), Weibo, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers (RRGB), Urban Outfitters, Jack in the Box, Vodafone, Staples, (SPLS) Manchester United 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: Target, L Brands (LB), Cisco System, (CSCO) Tencent, American Eagle Outfitters, Flower Foods, ZTO Express, Rexnord (RXN) 7:00 a.m. Mortgage applications Thursday Earnings: Wal-Mart, Alibaba (BABA), Applied Materials, Autodesk, Salesforce.com, (CRM) Gap, Burberry, Ralph Lauren, McKesson, Ross Stores (ROST), Buckle, Eagle Materials 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed survey 1:00 p.m. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester Friday Earnings: Campbell Soup (CPB), Deere, Foot Locker (FL) 9:15 a.m. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Cheniere Energy stock pops 4% on talks to boost LNG exports to China CNBC Economy rebounding but maybe more muted after retail sales, consumer inflation CNBC US rises to the top of the list of major markets with big political risk CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Nation & World Hearing set in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits settlement Originally published May 14, 2017 at 9:21 pm Share story By The Associated Press The Associated Press BOSTON (AP) — A federal judge in Boston has scheduled a hearing in a class-action lawsuit by Wal-Mart employees who sued the retail chain for denying health benefits to their same-sex spouses. A proposed settlement of $7.5 million would pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S, and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. The lawsuit was initially filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, an employee at a Massachusetts Wal-Mart. The suit said the Bentonville, Arkansas, company denied medical insurance for her wife. Wal-Mart began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. A fairness hearing is scheduled for Monday. Judges hold such hearings to determine whether the settlement should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate. Most Read Stories 'Love and Trouble': Claire Dederer's midlife take on sex and self-perception | Nicole & Co. Sinclair requires TV stations, including KOMO, to air segments that tilt to the right What happens after a swarm of earthquakes strikes the Seattle region? Here’s what the experts say Boeing shows off long-troubled Air Force tanker, says deadlines will be met Boeing’s key suppliers in Japan want an upgradeUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The Associated Press View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Study: Tanglewood generates $103M economic impact Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
News Sports Business Real Estate 76° Full Menu 76° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Walmart sells more than $1 billion of merchandise per day. In the week ahead the company is scheduled to release its first quarter financial results on Thursday. Jae C. Hong AP File/May 9, 2013 Business Monday May 12, 2017 7:00 AM In the week ahead, watch Walmart’s strategy to combat the Amazon effect BY TOM HUDSON Special to the Miami Herald LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story If the rumors of the death of retail are true, don’t tell it to the customers and shareholders of Walmart. Names like hhgregg, Limited Stores and Wet Seal have declared bankruptcy, setting a record pace this year for retailers going broke. Others, such as Macy’s, JCPenney’s and Urban Outfitters, are closing some stores. But wait. Unemployment is low. Consumer confidence is strong and credit card debt is as high as it has been since the end of the Great Recession. Shoppers clearly are buyers. And we are still buying the same stuff — furniture, clothes, toys — but how and where we are buying is changing. This is the Amazon effect. While it is hurting some retailers, it isn’t killing retail. Monthly retail sales were up 5 percent in March. That includes in-store and online, including mobile. Sure, e-commerce is growing faster, but retailers keep stocking their shelves and we keep consuming. It’s relevancy and price competition that injure and kill retailers. Just ask Sears or RadioShack. Related content Walmart sells more than $1 billion of merchandise per day. In the week ahead, the company is scheduled to release its first quarter financial results on Thursday. This is the first quarter since Walmart canceled the effort to compete directly against Amazon Prime’s free two-day shipping service. Instead, Walmart’s newest strategy to battle the Amazon effect is just a few weeks old. In April, Walmart began discounting items shoppers buy online and pick up in stores. Investors will want to hear about any early results and plans to expand the service this quarter. This year, Walmart stock has been a better investment than the S&P 500 Stock Index. It also has performed better than more than half of the stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Investors think Walmart and its customers are up to the challenge presented by the Amazon effect. Financial journalist Tom Hudson hosts “The Sunshine Economy” on WLRN-FM in Miami. Follow him on Twitter @HudsonsView. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago WOW takes flight from Miami 0:54 a month ago WOW takes flight from Miami 0:41 4 months ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 1:39 9 months ago Historic Overtown Visitor Center tries to redefine the perception of Overtown View More Video Business Monday Live at the Metrorail station — and bid horrible South Dixie traffic goodbye? Real estate buyers from China, elsewhere in Asia increasingly eye Miami Dorothy Terrell reflects on a life of achievement in the corporate world Ex-Marine’s security company serves the public — and celebs like Queen Latifah, Betty Wright Ahh, the first job. CEOs learned valuable lessons on the bottom rung Business Monday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks Dawn leaks Mardan lynching Kulbhushan Jadhav Champions Trophy Print Story X Print Story Home / business / Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce | By  AAFP | May 15, 2017 Business 0 0 Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." Shopping spree Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. Amazon keeps edge These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigour of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 million. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. 0 0 Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce was posted in business of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on May 15, 2017 and was last updated on May 15, 2017. This news story is related to Business, Business News, Geo News, Latest Business News. Permanent link to the news story "Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/141826-Wal-Mart-pushing-hard-to-catch-Amazon-in-e-commerce. More From Business: May 15, 2017 PSX touches new all-time high ahead of MSCI announcement May 14, 2017 ADB committed to transform Asia, Pacific into an oasis of sustainable development May 14, 2017 China pledges $124 billion for new Silk Road as champion of globalization May 14, 2017 Chinese banks to lend 380 billion yuan to support Belt and Road cooperation May 13, 2017 State Bank grants banking licence to Bank of China May 13, 2017 US nears $100 billion arms deal for Saudi Arabia: White House official May 13, 2017 Caribbean nations miffed over US label as money launderers May 12, 2017 Bulls drive PSX to an all-time high Latest News 4 minutes ago Fire engulfs 30 tents near construction site in Lahore 10 minutes ago ICJ hearing: Jadhav’s confession crux of Pakistan’s case 26 minutes ago Scientist from District of Columbia crowned Miss USA 38 minutes ago PSX touches new all-time high ahead of MSCI announcement 44 minutes ago Sindh governor condemns Gwadar incident during Sehwan visit 48 minutes ago Three-day anti-polio drive kicks-off in different parts of country GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, May 15, 2017 2:48 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Monday May 15, 2017 06:57 AM GMT+8 ICYMI PAS president hospitalised, to undergo ‘intensive treatment’ FAM appoints Nelo ‘The Professor’ Vingada as national coach Israel dismisses US concern over embassy move to Jerusalem The Edit: This beauty has just been crowned Miss USA 2017 Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Wal-Mart has been spending freely on acquisitions in an effort to make up ground on Amazon in e-commerce. — Reuters pic NEW YORK, May 15 — Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. “It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life,” she told AFP. “Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day.” Shopping spree Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent US$3.3 billion (RM14.3 billion) last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for US$550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at US$237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com (US$70 million), ModCloth (US$45 million) and MooseJaw (US$51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for US$300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for “essential” products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. “We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. “We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount.” Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than US$35. Under the programme, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. Amazon keeps edge These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. “They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival,” said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. “I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early,” he said. The vigour of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is “the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway,” Donoghue said. “I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player.” For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at US$453 billion, compared with Wal-Mart's US$230 billion. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were US$485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week AirAsia, Everbright JV to establish LCC in China (VIDEO) China eyes US energy next after US$20b 'Belt, Road' deals Oil halts gains as more US rigs counter Opec cut deal report Ringgit firms in early trade Saudis, Russia favour extending oil output curbs for nine months AirAsia, Everbright JV to establish LCC in China (VIDEO) Fitch unit predicts ECRL, upgraded Kuantan port to boost East Coast economy Malindo Air to take Batik Air name High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist IJM Perennial unveils its RM4.5b Penang waterfront development Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Bloomberg Video: AirAsia to start China venture What will happen to Earth in the next billion years? Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Amazon’s new Alexa speaker has a screen too Survey: Amazon leads surging connected speakers market Lazada CEO: While online sales grows, most shopping is still done in stores New on the small screen in May: ‘Downward Dog’, ‘I Love Dick’ and more Amazon’s Alexa upgraded as ‘style assistant’ Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS B.C. flooding Fentanyl Cyber attacks Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce The Wal-Mart store in Prince Albert, Sask. (Geoff Howe / THE CANADIAN PRESS) AFP Published Sunday, May 14, 2017 6:30PM EDT Last Updated Monday, May 15, 2017 12:21AM EDT Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." - Shopping spree - Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. - Amazon keeps edge - These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigor of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 billion, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 billion. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. Related Stories Walmart Canada laying off employees in store restructuring PepsiCo, Wal-Mart, Starbucks join YouTube ad boycott in U.S. Wal-Mart keeps working to make inroads against Amazon Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Sunday, May 14, 2017 Air Date: May 14, 2017 false Surrey photographer getting worldwide attention Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV National News: Cyber security warning Air Date: May 14, 2017 false Family finds mother's grave in Brandon cemetery Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV National News: Goose cam in Edmonton Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV National News: Alternative to prescriptions? Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV National News: North Korea boasting Air Date: May 14, 2017 false B.C. residents flee as floods trigger landslide Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV National News: Emmanuel Macron sworn in Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV National News: Healing domestic abuse victims Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV National News: Flood cleanup begins Air Date: May 14, 2017 false CTV News Channel: More disruptions on Monday? Air Date: May 14, 2017 More news from Business Asian shares rise despite cyberattack, North Korea missile launch Competing airline offers L.A. tickets to family refused Cuba vacation refund Quebec lumber workers among first to feel pain of softwood battle Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce China's Xi says Silk Road plan boosts finance, security ties Provinces overwhelmed with practicalities of ending pot prohibition Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Rick Rule's Top Picks _ WATCH: Rick Rule discusses First Quantum Minerals _ WATCH: Rick Rule discusses Barkerville Gold _ WATCH: Rick Rule discusses Westshore Terminal CTV News Video Network false International alert for escalated 'WannaCry' cyberattack false North Korea boasts new long-range missile can carry nukes false Herbal product billed a fentanyl replacement sparks concern false Family finds mother's unmarked grave after painful search CTV National News for May 14: Cyber experts warn of attacks Most Popular Stories 1 Landslide forces evacuations, flooding fears persist near Kelowna, B.C. 10 2 Landlord horrified by tenant-damaged house 1 3 Inmates claim Ontario detention centre plagued by fentanyl-related overdoses 2 4 Life as a rock mom: Deryck Whibley's mother on what it's like raising a rock star 5 Ontario elevator incident reports reveal misery, mishaps on the rise 6 Shoppers flee Montreal mall after robbery at The Bay 3 7 Clapper: U.S. govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing 16 8 Police: Mom hits son who didn't give her Mother's Day card 9 Global cyberattack havoc may grow on Monday, experts say 8 10 'Comey has no supporters': Conrad Black defends Trump after topsy-turvy week 5 Don't Miss false Gone viral: Surrey photographer getting worldwide attention false Spiral skies: Funnel clouds spotted north of Saskatoon false Empty nesters: Mother goose lays eggs on Edmonton balcony CANADA 'Anything was possible': Mounties relive Moncton murder spree at RCMP trial 'Too little, too late': Montreal lifts state of emergency as residents reflect on flood response Three men sent to hospital following stabbing outside Vancouver nightclub WORLD Ohio officials work to piece together events before nursing home shooting GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Cop's Confederate flag shirt relevant in police shooting trial, Ohio prosecutor says ENTERTAINMENT Eurovision winner dubbed a national hero by Portugese fans Actor Powers Boothe dead at 68 'King Arthur' flops, 'Guardians 2' still rules at box office HEALTH Police worried about herbal product that can be used to achieve opiate-like high Saskatoon teen latest casualty in opioid overdose epidemic Party drugs increasingly being laced with fentanyl POLITICS Chong: Canada should 'punch back hard' in U.S. trade fight 'Comey has no supporters': Conrad Black defends Trump after topsy-turvy week Freeland expects U.S. to trigger NAFTA consultation period soon SCI-TECH New York eyes 'textalyzer' to combat distracted driving 5 ways to become less likely target for ransomware hackers Ont. hospital hit by global ransomware attack BUSINESS Asian shares rise despite cyberattack, North Korea missile launch Competing airline offers L.A. tickets to family refused Cuba vacation refund Quebec lumber workers among first to feel pain of softwood battle AUTOS 'Lowriders': 'Saturday Night Fever' for LA's car culture Elon Musk posts video of 'electric sled' for tunnel travel Are we on the verge of a car design revolution? SPORTS Pillar's walkoff homer lifts Blue Jays over Mariners; Toronto wins 5th straight Senators believing in themselves ahead of Game 2 in East final against Penguins Nadal beats Thiem in Madrid, wins 3rd straight title Lifestyle Castoffs from JFK home renovation transformed into art Man uses 1,000 mirrors to cook chicken Pope prays in silence for all mothers in heaven and on earth CTV News on the Go false B.C. residents flee homes as floods trigger landslide Still brave: WW2 vet becomes world's oldest tandem skydiver International police warn 'WannaCry' could return Monday In Pictures   Duchess of Cambridge visits Luxembourg for 150th Treaty of London anniversary B.C. election results in minority government Devastating flooding continues throughout the region Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report EDUGUIDE Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Retail Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Retail Wal-Mart eyeing Amazon's e-crown AFP/New York Filed on May 14, 2017 | Last updated on May 14, 2017 at 08.20 pm Share More > Vote Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, spending billions to acquire other companies in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. (AFP) 'Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into everyday life' Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery programme that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the programme, customers can also pick up orders below $35 for free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigor of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 billion, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 billion. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Aviation GCC aviation projects airborne Gulf constitutes 69% of the number of all active aviation projects in ... READ MORE Economy UAE non-oil GDP to pick up in 2017    ... READ MORE Retail Wal-Mart eyeing Amazon's e-crown 'Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into... READ MORE Real Estate Organisational changes announced by Nakheel Changes reflect continued growth and diversification: Lootah READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Europe Video: Woman gives birth on Emirates flight The flight had to be diverted to Larnaca Airport in Cyprus READ MORE Dubai Dubai Municipality clarifies on withdrawal of... Union Cooperative on Saturday confirmed that it has taken preventive... READ MORE Crime Nine arrested for rape, stealing from brothel in... The victims were using a house for prostitution READ MORE Transport Video: UAE cop's seatbelt drive will make you... Now, that's what you call 'service with a smile' READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=listing&profile=1047 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Sharjah UAE cops rescue man stuck in traffic, help him reach airport 159687 views | 11 May 2017 General Contaminated chicken removed from UAE stores 72569 views | 13 May 2017 Telecom Get 25GB for Dh30 with Etisalat's new offer 43519 views | 13 May 2017 Transport Beware, new UAE traffic rules take effect this July 41571 views | 13 May 2017 Fujairah Video: Shark attacks Emirati diver off Khor Fakkan coast 36881 views | 12 May 2017 Dubai Dubai Municipality clarifies on withdrawal of Sadia chicken 36527 views | 14 May 2017 Technology UAE warns against 'ransom attacks' sweeping the world 24783 views | 13 May 2017 Pakistan 'Not Islam': Benazir Bhutto's daughter slams Pakistan's Ramadan law 23733 views | 14 May 2017 India Video: Man charred to death on road as people watch 21029 views | 13 May 2017 Sharjah Sharjah Police arrest 340 illegals within two weeks 19993 views | 13 May 2017 Rest of Asia Video: Mysterious creature turning water red in Indonesia 15918 views | 13 May 2017 General MH17 copilot's wife remembers love in face of tragedy 14110 views | 13 May 2017 Crime Dubai taxi driver molests woman, gets jail term 13154 views | 14 May 2017 India 23-year-old woman raped, killed and bitten by dogs 10406 views | 14 May 2017 India It's not IT alone, whole Indian engineering jobs in trouble 10199 views | 14 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Gas cylinder prices in UAE reduced 341 votes | 10 May 2017 Dubai Dubai’s mega sales to replace clearances 257 votes | 8 May 2017 Transport Beware, new UAE traffic rules take effect this July 187 votes | 13 May 2017 General Contaminated chicken removed from UAE stores 141 votes | 13 May 2017 Telecom Get 25GB for Dh30 with Etisalat's new offer 103 votes | 13 May 2017 Sharjah UAE cops rescue man stuck in traffic, help him reach airport 102 votes | 11 May 2017 Nation Ramadan 2017 likely to start on May 27 95 votes | 14 December 2016 General MH17 copilot's wife remembers love in face of tragedy 88 votes | 13 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Man refuses to pay woman after sex in UAE, gets kidnapped 80 votes | 8 May 2017 Ras Al Khaimah Asian woman biker dies in UAE road accident 62 votes | 8 May 2017 Fujairah Video: Shark attacks Emirati diver off Khor Fakkan coast 60 votes | 12 May 2017 Crime Sharjah residents 'arrest' man who stole Dh120,000 58 votes | 13 May 2017 India 'Heavily drunk' son of Indian minister taken off Qatar Airways flight 55 votes | 8 May 2017 Aviation Air India Express adds to Abu Dhabi-Kochi service 55 votes | 13 May 2017 Dubai Planning an Eid holiday? Check out these 5 deals 54 votes | 10 May 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Kyle Strickler, Jared Boumeester take big paydays at Modified Super Weekend Darrel DeFrance snaps Deery Bros win drought at Quad City Speedway Woman who invented Mother’s Day would hate what it has become Sears has highs, then lows in the Corridor Women short on sports opportunities at University of Iowa, Northern Iowa Darrel DeFrance snaps Deery Bros win drought at Quad City Speedway Woman who invented Mother’s Day would hate what it has become Iowa uses long ball to rally past Ohio State Mount Vernon paints a mural University of Northern Iowa president OK with costing less The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears It once was the Amazon of its day Video Photo A bird perches in the sign for Sears at Lindale Mall in Cedar Rapids on Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Liz Martin/The Gazette) By Bloomberg News May 13, 2017 at 5:25 pm | Print View In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building — one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Read the sidebar on Corridor Sears statistics here. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart — the second-largest retailer from that era — and a stated belief that it still can turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” Portell said. It has been a slow, painful drop for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business — the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big-box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including, of course, the Blue Light Special. In the 1980s the company became acquisitive and made moves to diversify. In 1981, for example, Sears purchased Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in a $607 million deal. The brokerage house was spun off in 1993. Also in 1981 it bought real estate business Coldwell Banker. The retailer sold it a dozen years later, for $230 million, to a California investment group. In 1993, the chain spun off Allstate Corp., the insurance company it had founded way back in 1931. By 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his business, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, then the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart slowly have been dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black and Decker Inc. for about $900 million. “He did nothing to maintain the stores — nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. “I think people will just forget about it.” The Sears catalog Once, Sears was the disrupter, not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of “The Rise and Fall of American Growth.” As with today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” Gordon said. ‘Decisive actions’ Searching for parallels of Sears’s fall through business history, Gordon could find none. “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’s financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “Despite the risks outlined, we are confident in our financial position and remain focused on executing our transformation plan.” The focus of that plan is “how we can make shopping easier,” Riefs said. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Still in business in the Corridor, but down from four stores in the Corridor to two By George C. Ford, correspondent In the Corridor, Sears operates a store in Cedar Rapids and Kmart has a store at 901 Hollywood Blvd. in Iowa City. That represents a sharp reduction from Sears stores in Coralville and in Cedar Rapids as well as two Kmart stores in Cedar Rapids. In 2012, Sears sold its 98,000-square-foot store in Coral Ridge Mall to General Growth Properties, the owner of the mall, after it closed the anchor store. General Growth has gutted the building, added 6,000 square feet, and repurposed the building for multiple tenants including Home Goods and Marshall’s. Sears sold its 129,000-square-foot store at Lindale Mall to Seritage SRC Finance LLC, a publicly traded real estate investment trust that it created but does not control. The anchor store, constructed in 1960, was remodeled in 1994 and gained additional retail sales area in 1999 when 15,000 square feet of storage space was converted. Kmart closed its 127,000-square-foot store at 2727 16th Ave. SW in Cedar Rapids in 2012. MidAmerican Aerospace, a supplier of aircraft parts, bought the building and remodeled it. In December 2013, Kmart closed its store at 180 Collins Rd. NE, ending a 43-year presence in Cedar Rapids. That building was remodeled in connection with the redevelopment of the surrounding 146,000-square-foot retail complex by RCG Ventures of Atlanta. Tenants of the rebranded Collins Crossing include Firehouse Subs, Great Clips, Hobby Lobby, Home Goods, Shoe Carnival, Versona and Wendy’s. Specialty grocer Fresh Market operated a 24,000-square-foot anchor store from October 2014 to May 2016, when the Greensboro, N.C.-based chain closed 13 stores across four states. Read the sidebar on Corridor Sears statistics here. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Business articles The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Se ... Iowa's craft beer industry continues to ... Future of internet business might rest o ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News Canada Politics Canada TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | James Comey | Donald Trump | The New War on Cancer Gun trafficking mother sentenced to three years after trying to sell children’s toy guns to Windsor cops Doug Schmidt, Postmedia News | May 13, 2017 | Last Updated: May 13 3:27 PM ET More from Postmedia News Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon After the success of her first illegal firearm sale — a small handgun that fires shotgun shells — outside a Windsor Walmart, the plan for the second sale was to try and pawn off a pair of toy weapons to the same buyer. Both times, the purchaser was an undercover cop under surveillance. On Thursday, Kaylee Coates, 24, smiling and waving to her infant daughter in the public gallery of a courtroom in Windsor, was sentenced to three years in jail. Gun trafficking is designed “almost, inevitably, for something bad to happen,” Ontario court Justice Lloyd Dean told Coates, who was also handed a lifetime weapons possession ban. He allowed the young mom one final goodbye hug from her daughter before being led away to begin serving her sentence. Coates hadn’t even been on the police radar over the course of a year-old undercover operation targeting an alleged cross-border gun smuggling network. The then-girlfriend of one of the main targets, Curtis Elliott, Coates was brought in as a “runner” to supply a handgun to a purchaser who happened to be an undercover OPP officer who had worked herself into the confidence of the smugglers. On Feb. 10, 2016, $5,500 was exchanged in a Walmart parking lot for a prohibited handgun known as The Judge and a sock containing shotgun shells. Just before the next agreed-upon transaction — $9,000 for three handguns — on Feb. 24, Coates, now under police surveillance, was observed visiting a Tecumseh Road Dollarama with her daughter and purchasing two children’s play kits containing toy handguns. Related ‘My four-year-old gets jacked up to target shoot,’ Florida mom brags hours before he shoots her Not a good idea: Police warn gun-shaped iPhone case could be mistaken for a real weapon Matt Gurney: When kids carry fake guns, tragedies are always going to happen The fake guns didn’t fool the fake buyer, but then Coates — whose cellphone was on with Elliott listening in — started punching, biting and pulling the hair of the undercover operator. “Just do it! Just do it!” intercepted recordings, allegedly of Elliott in a nearby parked Dodge Charger, could be heard screaming on the phone, directing the girlfriend to grab the cash. That’s when other nearby officers had to intervene in the Walmart parking lot and Project Kirby came to an end. Ten people were arrested on 111 charges after police executed raids in Windsor, Lakeshore and London. Eight illegal guns, two kilograms of cocaine, Cdn$67,000 and US$10,500 in cash and three vehicles were seized. Coates pleaded guilty in February to four counts, including gun trafficking and robbery. A number of other criminal charges were withdrawn at this week’s sentencing. One other co-accused in the Project Kirby case, Roy Hill, 27 at the time of his arrest, has pleaded guilty and will be sentenced June 1. The other cases are still before the court. At her sentencing hearing Thursday, the judge said Coates is young enough and with the potential to benefit from rehabilitation “to change the course of her life.” Being Elliott’s girlfriend and following him “was a bad choice,” he added. In custody since her arrest, Coates was given 22 months’ credit for her time served so far. Dean said she must serve a further 14 months in jail and would be placed on three years’ probation upon her release. Coates was ordered not to be in contact with Curtis Marcelles Elliott during her probation period and must take counselling. There was also a DNA order to supply a blood sample for a police crime data bank. “There’s so much you have to give to your daughter and your community — best of luck to you,” the judge told Coates. The prosecution had sought a four-year sentence, while the defence asked for three years’ incarceration. Before being led away, the young mother was granted permission to hug her daughter, a toddler oblivious to the seriousness of the proceedings who spent the sentencing hearing being bounced on the knees of different family members. “I love you, give me a big hug,” Coates told the youngster, who smiled and threw her arms around the neck of the prisoner.   Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canada, News Canada Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
More retail earnings; SpaceX launch, Facebook's IPO-versary - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases More retail earnings; SpaceX launch, Facebook's IPO-versary Posted: Sunday, May 14, 2017 8:35 AM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 14, 2017 8:35 AM EDT By Danielle Wiener-Bronner NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- 1. More retail earnings: Walmart, Gap and Target are all announcing earnings this week. In the previous quarter, Walmart's online sales grew faster than Amazon's -- a veritable coup for the brick and mortar mainstay. It's not clear how much money it made off its digital business, but online growth is promising and reflects Walmart's efforts to grow digitally: It bought online retailer Jet for about $3 billion last year, and ShoeBuy in January. Walmart's also been expanding its online grocery business in an effort to compete with services like Amazon Prime. Walmart's success is out of line with other retailers, which have been hurting badly. Target, for instance, had a terrible fourth quarter. It's holiday sales came in way below the mark, and the company warned investors that 2017 will be, in a word, bad. Gap, on the other hand, is cautiously optimistic that Old Navy's popularity will help it pull through. Target will share its first quarter earnings on Wednesday. Gap and Walmart are set to reveal first quarter earnings on Thursday. 2. SpaceX launch: SpaceX is aiming to launch another satellite into space on Monday. The company said in a tweet that after completing a test of its Falcon 9 rocket, it's prepared to launch an Inmarsat satellite next week. Earlier this month, Elon Musk's company launched a mysterious spy satellite and was able to successfully land the rocket back on Earth -- a key part of its mission. An astute Twitter user noticed that the Falcon 9 rocket has no fins, and so won't return to Earth. SpaceX confirmed the assessment on Twitter, writing "yup! :)." 3. Facebook's IPO-versary: Thursday marks the five-year anniversary of Facebook's IPO. In case you don't remember, it did not go smoothly. CNNMoney's Julianne Pepitone wrote at the time that "Facebook's breathlessly hyped IPO on Friday has turned into a huge Wall Street debacle." Shares did not start trading until 11:30 AM, about half an hour after investors expected it to. And when trading finally did start, it was messy -- investors complained that their orders weren't confirmed. Shareholders sued, and big banks cut estimates. Today, Facebook is worth nearly $440 billion. Rivalry aside, that story must make Snapchat feel almost hopeful. 4. Microsoft CEO Summit: The 21st annual Microsoft CEO Summit kicks off on Tuesday and runs through Thursday in Redmond, Washington. The summit follows this week's Microsoft Build event, where the company unveiled a new update to Windows -- syncing up multiple devices to let users jump easily from mobile to desktop -- and hand-held controllers for virtual reality. At next week's event, leaders will discuss the ties between business and technology. So far, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has committed to attending. 5. Coming this week: Monday -- SpaceX launch scheduled Tuesday -- SALT conference kicks off Wednesday -- Target first quarter earnings Thursday -- Walmart and Gap first quarter earnings Friday -- Alien: Covenant opens in theaters TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Global cyberattack: A super-simple explanation of what happened World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Trump rally is built on Obama-like hope Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets Before the Bell Romans’ Numeral Investing Guide Fear & Greed Quest Means Business Tech World's biggest cyberattack sends countries into 'disaster recovery mode' Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance My student debt is delaying my retirement Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz The factory where prisoners get a second chance Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury On the road - and on the track - in Ford's $450,000 supercar Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Before the Bell More retail earnings; SpaceX launch; Facebook's IPO-versary by Danielle Wiener-Bronner   @CNNMoney May 14, 2017: 8:09 AM ET America's top retailers in trouble 1. More retail earnings: Walmart, Gap and Target are all announcing earnings this week. In the previous quarter, Walmart's online sales grew faster than Amazon's -- a veritable coup for the brick and mortar mainstay. It's not clear how much money it made off its digital business, but online growth is promising and reflects Walmart's efforts to grow digitally: It bought online retailer Jet for about $3 billion last year, and ShoeBuy in January. Walmart's also been expanding its online grocery business in an effort to compete with services like Amazon Prime. Walmart's success is out of line with other retailers, which have been hurting badly. Target, for instance, had a terrible fourth quarter. It's holiday sales came in way below the mark, and the company warned investors that 2017 will be, in a word, bad. Gap, on the other hand, is cautiously optimistic that Old Navy's popularity will help it pull through. Target (TGT) will share its first quarter earnings on Wednesday. Gap (GPS) and Walmart (WMT) are set to reveal first quarter earnings on Thursday. Related: Move over, Amazon: Here comes Walmart Related: Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 2. SpaceX launch: SpaceX is aiming to launch another satellite into space on Monday. The company said in a tweet that after completing a test of its Falcon 9 rocket, it's prepared to launch an Inmarsat satellite next week. Earlier this month, Elon Musk's company launched a mysterious spy satellite and was able to successfully land the rocket back on Earth -- a key part of its mission. An astute Twitter user noticed that the Falcon 9 rocket has no fins, and so won't return to Earth. SpaceX confirmed the assessment on Twitter, writing "yup! :)." Related: SpaceX launches secretive spy satellite 3. Facebook's IPO-versary: Thursday marks the five-year anniversary of Facebook's IPO. In case you don't remember, it did not go smoothly. CNNMoney's Julianne Pepitone wrote at the time that "Facebook's breathlessly hyped IPO on Friday has turned into a huge Wall Street debacle." Shares did not start trading until 11:30 AM, about half an hour after investors expected it to. And when trading finally did start, it was messy -- investors complained that their orders weren't confirmed. Shareholders sued, and big banks cut estimates. Today, Facebook (FB, Tech30) is worth nearly $440 billion. Rivalry aside, that story must make Snapchat (SNAP) feel almost hopeful. Related: Snapchat CEO burns Facebook on earnings call 4. Microsoft CEO Summit: The 21st annual Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30) CEO Summit kicks off on Tuesday and runs through Thursday in Redmond, Washington. The summit follows this week's Microsoft Build event, where the company unveiled a new update to Windows -- syncing up multiple devices to let users jump easily from mobile to desktop -- and hand-held controllers for virtual reality. At next week's event, leaders will discuss the ties between business and technology. So far, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has committed to attending. Related: Microsoft unveils a big Windows update and virtual reality hand controllers 5. Coming this week: Monday -- SpaceX launch scheduled Tuesday -- SALT conference kicks off Wednesday -- Target first quarter earnings Thursday -- Walmart and Gap first quarter earnings Friday -- Alien: Covenant opens in theaters CNNMoney (New York) First published May 14, 2017: 8:06 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Donald Trump Jr. tells Dubai graduates to live their dreams Global cyberattack: A super-simple explanation of what's going on Carl Bernstein: Comey firing is a 'dangerous' moment Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy Contact Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / More retail earnings; SpaceX launch, Facebook’s IPO-versary More retail earnings; SpaceX launch, Facebook’s IPO-versary Posted on Sunday, May 14, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. More retail earnings: Walmart, Gap and Target are all announcing earnings this week. In the previous quarter, Walmart’s online sales grew faster than Amazon’s — a veritable coup for the brick and mortar mainstay. It’s not clear how much money it made off its digital business, but online growth is promising and reflects Walmart’s efforts to grow digitally: It bought online retailer Jet for about $3 billion last year, and ShoeBuy in January. Walmart’s also been expanding its online grocery business in an effort to compete with services like Amazon Prime. Walmart’s success is out of line with other retailers, which have been hurting badly. Target, for instance, had a terrible fourth quarter. It’s holiday sales came in way below the mark, and the company warned investors that 2017 will be, in a word, bad. Gap, on the other hand, is cautiously optimistic that Old Navy’s popularity will help it pull through. Target will share its first quarter earnings on Wednesday. Gap and Walmart are set to reveal first quarter earnings on Thursday. 2. SpaceX launch: SpaceX is aiming to launch another satellite into space on Monday. The company said in a tweet that after completing a test of its Falcon 9 rocket, it’s prepared to launch an Inmarsat satellite next week. Earlier this month, Elon Musk’s company launched a mysterious spy satellite and was able to successfully land the rocket back on Earth — a key part of its mission. An astute Twitter user noticed that the Falcon 9 rocket has no fins, and so won’t return to Earth. SpaceX confirmed the assessment on Twitter, writing “yup! :).” 3. Facebook’s IPO-versary: Thursday marks the five-year anniversary of Facebook’s IPO. In case you don’t remember, it did not go smoothly. CNNMoney’s Julianne Pepitone wrote at the time that “Facebook’s breathlessly hyped IPO on Friday has turned into a huge Wall Street debacle.” Shares did not start trading until 11:30 AM, about half an hour after investors expected it to. And when trading finally did start, it was messy — investors complained that their orders weren’t confirmed. Shareholders sued, and big banks cut estimates. Today, Facebook is worth nearly $440 billion. Rivalry aside, that story must make Snapchat feel almost hopeful. 4. Microsoft CEO Summit: The 21st annual Microsoft CEO Summit kicks off on Tuesday and runs through Thursday in Redmond, Washington. The summit follows this week’s Microsoft Build event, where the company unveiled a new update to Windows — syncing up multiple devices to let users jump easily from mobile to desktop — and hand-held controllers for virtual reality. At next week’s event, leaders will discuss the ties between business and technology. So far, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has committed to attending. 5. Coming this week: Monday — SpaceX launch scheduled Tuesday — SALT conference kicks off Wednesday — Target first quarter earnings Thursday — Walmart and Gap first quarter earnings Friday — Alien: Covenant opens in theaters World's biggest cyberattack hits 150 countries and the threat is 'escalating' 'Spicy's back!': 'SNL' has McCarthy's Spicer meet with Baldwin's Trump Related Posts Jeff Bridges searches for peace in Trump’s America, come ‘Hell or High Water’ People want Amy Schumer to be the next Bachelorette DEP Awards Second Round of Small Business Advantage Grants to 43 Small Businesses Clinton wants to double the child tax credit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 15 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 15 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Share Tweet Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce The compan­y's object­ive is to become a go-to place online for 'essent­ial' produc­ts By AFP Published: May 14, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Wal-Mart is beefing up its online retail operations in response to Amazon and other competitors. PHOTO: AFP NEW YORK: Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon’s success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. “It’s because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life,” she told AFP. SBP to develop e-commerce policy “Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy’s, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don’t have a connection with any of them throughout the day.” Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Amazon, Flipkart battle in India for e-commerce’s ‘last frontier’ Part of Wal-Mart’s objective is to become a go-to place online for “essential” products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children’s toys. “We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. “We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount.” Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program customers can also pick up orders below $35 for free if they go to one of Wal-Mart’s 4,700 US stores. These efforts may cut into Amazon’s lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. “They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival,” said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. From bricks to bytes: the impressive growth of e-commerce in Pakistan “I don’t see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it’s still very early,” he said. The vigor of Wal-Mart’s online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is “the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway,” Donoghue said. “I don’t think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player.” For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart’s $230 million. That’s in spite of Wal-Mart’s far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. Read more: Amazon , E-commerce , Tech Recommended Stories Amazon dominates US market for voice-controlled speakers The e-commerce giant's Amazon Echo and Echo Dot devices will claim a 70.6 per cent share of the US market this year Amazon launches videoconferencing for cloud customers The cloud computing unit of Amazon is among the fastest growing segments for the US tech giant Amazon to refund $70 mn in-app purchases made by children Amazon failed to get consent from parents whose children made in-app purchases on the Kindle and Fire tablets Facebook Conversations Reader Comments (1) All Comments Reader's Recommendations Jadoon May 14, 2017 - 2:02PM Reply Their market values are 453 and 230 “Billion” dollars respectively.Recommend MORE Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Mawra Hocane or Parineeti Chopra: Who wore this lace top better? 2 Mustafa Kamal released after brief detention in Karachi 3 Lahore Zoo's darling Suzi dies at 31 4 Here's how Kareena Kapoor is helping Soha Ali Khan during her pregnancy 5 Bakhtawar criticises law forbidding public eating during Ramazan, says 'this is not Islam' 6 China to invest $50b to develop Indus River Cascade 7 People who smoke, eat openly during Ramazan face 3-month imprisonment 8 iPhone 8 might cost you as much as a MacBook 9 India skips China's Silk Road summit, warns of 'unsustainable' debt 10 These latest pictures of Kareena Kapoor Khan prove she's the reigning begum of Bollywood Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologyManhunt for hackers behind global cyberattack © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News Comey's firing created constitutional crisis, WKU professor says By James Mayse Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Palmer to perform with London orchestra Ford Center accepting student applications Nation/World Briefs: May 15, 2017 Clapper: U.S. government 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Local Sports Waiting game now going with Diallo, Bamba BY MARK MATHIS Messenger-Inquirer Updated 58 min ago 0 Monument Park plaque unveiled at sold-out stadium Warriors rally for 113-111 win over Spurs Molina homers twice to help Cardinals beat Cubs NASCAR's Almirola out of hospital after fracturing vertebra New horses among Preakness challenges facing Always Dreaming Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Agriculture featured Waters Agricultural Laboratories keeps growing +3 By Angela Oliver Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Understanding the H-2A program Kids Outdoor Adventures returns for third year Raise wages to cut Medicaid spending? Chasing the Dream Bridal trends Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Summer concerts kick off in Island this weekend By STEPHANIE SALMONS McLean County News May 11, 2017 0 Sue Evelyn Abney Straney Charles L. Dame Larry Wayne Case Barbara Thomas Sacramento News Close 1 of 2 Photo by Alan Warren, Messenger-Inquirer/awarren@messenger-inquirer.com Arin Lee, facilitator, center, leads a training for a class out on the sales floor at the Walmart Academy on Kentucky 54. Photo by Alan Warren, Messenger-Inquirer/awarren@messenger-inquirer.com Arin Lee, facilitator, left, leads a class to train workers and supervisors at the Walmart Academy on Kentucky 54. featured Learning the Wal-Mart way Retailer's local training academy serves 32 stores By Keith Lawrence Messenger-Inquirer May 14, 2017 0 Photo by Alan Warren, Messenger-Inquirer/awarren@messenger-inquirer.com Photo by Alan Warren, Messenger-Inquirer/awarren@messenger-inquirer.com Owensboro has several academies -- Owensboro Innovation Academy, Owensboro Symphony Academy, Gateway Academy, Early College Academy and more. Now, add another -- Wal-Mart Academy. The company announced last September that it planned to open two training centers in Kentucky this year -- one at the Wal-Mart on Kentucky 54 and the other in Middletown, just outside Louisville. Seth DeLoach, academy manager in Owensboro, said the local training center opened on April 27. "We serve 32 stores in Kentucky and Indiana," he said "We can have 15 to 30 students per class, up to 90 a week." Department managers and hourly supervisors spend up to two weeks at the academy -- one week on general information and one on their specific jobs. It's a mixture of classroom work and hands-on experience, DeLoach, a 21-year Wal-Mart veteran, said last week. "They spend a lot of time on the sales floor," he said, Rocky White of Owensboro has been with Wal-Mart about a year. He was recently promoted to manager of the Pick Up Today online orders department, where he supervises four people. White recently completed his first week of training. "I was glad to get the opportunity," he said. "The academy gave me all the tools and information I need for my job. I'm more confident now." DeLoach, formerly co-manager of the Frederica Street Wal-Mart, said the staff at the Academy is still growing. He's not sure what the final staff head count will be. Before the academy was created, DeLoach said, training was computer-based learning and on-the-job training. "This creates a better experience for our customers," he said. "We've seen a big impact on their (employees') engagement with customers. We want to run all stores uniformly." Wal-Mart remodeled 2,572 square feet at in the back of the Kentucky 54 store for the academy. There was no new construction. DeLoach said the former storage space was available because "we don't keep merchandise in the back as long. We move it to the sales floor more quickly now." When graduates return to their home stores, he said, they will have a small graduation ceremony. "Everything we do begins with our associates," Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., said in a recent news release. "That's why we have invested in training academies for associates to further develop the skills they need to better serve customers and succeed in today's retail environment. Wal-Mart is a place where anyone can fulfill their potential." The curriculum includes expanded training to cover more than 65 positions, including customer service manager, online grocery pickup and assistant store manager, the news release said. The company said it plans to have 200 academies opened across all 50 states by the end of summer. Since 2016, it said, more than 52,000 associates have graduated, with more than 225,000 on track to complete training this year. Keith Lawrence, 270-691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 62° Clear Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Comey's firing created constitutional crisis, WKU professor says Livermore native readying for 23rd Sacramento Civil War re-enactment Palmer to perform with London orchestra Ford Center accepting student applications Waiting game now going with Diallo, Bamba Waters Agricultural Laboratories keeps growing Understanding the H-2A program Kids Outdoor Adventures returns for third year Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Owensboro man accused of killing fetus Police Reports: May 13, 2017 Police Reports: Thursday, May 11, 2017 Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Historical season leads Panthers to first NCAA tournament (2) Senator: Sales tax exemptions could be targeted in special session (2) Readers Write (1) OMU board approves United Way match, pay raises (1) Duo discuss near-suicide moment (1) Motion in Gabe's fight will be heard Tuesday (1) Ohio Fiscal Court votes to move 'ranger station' (1) Police Reports: April 26, 2017 (1) Chamber unveils city budget critique (1) Family seeks runaway teen to inform her about mother's auto accident (1) Cars TRITON 21XS ELITE 2010 250 HP Updated 3 hrs ago 1997 Mercury Grand Marquis, White, 161K miles, $1500/obo Call 270-313-7081 $1,500 Mileage: 161,000 Updated 3 hrs ago 07 Springdale 28', sleeps 6, good condition, $5000 or best $5,000 Updated 3 hrs ago Stocks Homes 1407 Bowie Trail 2 bdrm., w/appls., Exc. condition. Refs. req. Updated 3 hrs ago South By Owner - IGA, Fast Fuel, Laundry, Beauty Shop Updated 3 hrs ago Special Sections 5-13-17 REIO May 13, 2017 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of May 13-14, 2017. 2017 Estate Planning May 12, 2017 0 2017 McLean County Graduation May 12, 2017 0 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation 202 Things To Do May 9, 2017 0 2017-18 Visitor's Guide 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 Sections Home News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce By Afp Published: 00:07 EDT, 14 May 2017 | Updated: 13:27 EDT, 14 May 2017 e-mail Wal-Mart, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." - Shopping spree - Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. - Amazon keeps edge - These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigor of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 million. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruella De Vil inspired hair, Medusa-like creations and space-age tawdry sequins: It's the frock of all horrors for the 2017 BAFTA TV Awards worst-dressed 'There were three of us': Pregnant Abi Titmuss reveals how she could feel her unborn child moving as she walked down the aisle to wed Ari Welkom Mother nature! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as the US celebrates Mother's Day The star timed the naughty post perfectly Splashing around! Amber Rose frolics with French Montana in black lacy, fishnet one-piece on beach in Miami The blonde bombshell was being playful What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and husband Patrick Kielty It was a success All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Poldark's Eleanor Tomlinson stuns in plunging gown as she joins beauties Holly Willoughby and Anna Friel on the rainy TV BAFTAs red carpet 'Close call on the dresses ladies!': Tess Daly and Holly Willoughby make fashion faux pas as they wear near IDENTICAL frock at BAFTA TV Danny Dyer looks dapper at the BAFTA TV Awards 2017 as he makes his first public appearance since taking time out for exhaustion ahead of comeback Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her blossoming bump in stunning lilac lace gown at the TV BAFTAS 2017 'If it had been on the BBC it would have wiped the floor!': The Crown is SNUBBED at the BAFTA TV Awards as it loses out on five gongs 'A show about how stressful it can be when someone takes your job...': Sue Perkins pokes fun at new Bake Off hosts  Metallic marvel: Charlotte Riley shows off her toned legs in a VERY revealing slit dress on the red carpet of the BAFTA TV Awards 2017 in London Is that you, Poldark? Shirtless Peter Kay channels hunky Aidan Turner as he films shirtless scenes for new period drama themed Warburtons advert Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single Spending time with her mother Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Keeping it low-key Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day in the US... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck Twice as nice! Lady Gaga flashes svelte physique in crop top and pencil skirt...after rocking funky yellow sweater and flared trousers 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift 'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham promotes fashion line  'Not a very ladylike pose!' Gemma Collins posts raunchy poolside snap... after her mystery man performs shirtless dance routine in sizzling Instagram updates 'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional post as she recovers from cancer 'Flaunt what you've worked for': Busty Vicky Pattison continues to show off weight loss in TINY bikini in intimate bedroom snap Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post 'If I could have swapped places, I would have done it like a shot': Jean-Christophe Novelli reveals his baby son Valentino is free of cancer I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Pebe is a 61-year-old songwriter Fresh start: Former X Factor star Craig Colton and his boyfriend Shane spotted moving into a new home... after fleeing their old house due to homophobic knife attack PICTURED: Pregnant Abi Titmuss protects her stunning lace bridal gown from the rain as she heads down the aisle with American actor fiancé Ari Welkom 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao She went for a 'very formal beach glamour'  Posing up a Storm! Tallia shows Brooklyn Beckham what he's missing as she wows in a very racy swimsuit for Ibiza photoshoot He's married! Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons ties the knot with beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at NYC's Rainbow Room No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Happy to be third wheel 'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids Laura Whitmore is a vision as she makes a statement in a VERY colouful floor-length gown on the red carpet at BAFTA TV Awards 2017 Opposites attract! Close friends Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman complement each other in contrasting pink and black dresses as they arrive at the TV BAFTAs That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 Back with a bang! Roxanne Pallett stuns in bridal-inspired gown as she returns to the UK for TV BAFTAs... after fleeing the country  'To my two very special ladies': Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming son Bear Heartthrob Joseph Fiennes plays a brutal rapist during shocking scene in dystopian drama The Handmaid's Tale Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned an Italian-born 25-year-old  TOWIE's Kate Wright puts eye-popping cleavage on display in plunging white swimsuit for sizzling Instagram photo 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 How do they know each other? Peru Two drugs mule Michaella McCollum throws her arm around Jamie O'Hara in cosy display at MMA fight She's a knockout PICTURED: Stephanie Davis leaves hospital holding hands with troubled Jeremy McConnell following 'mystery illness' as she confirms they are back together Blimey O'Riley! Countdown host Rachel dazzles fans as she presents the daytime show in racy bodycon dress with saucy cut-out panels 'Laughs in the sun': Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis put on a defiant display... after her mum posts 'signs of an abusive relationship' Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together Stephanie Davis confirms she and Jeremy McConnell are STILL dating by sharing an intimate photo... as her mum posts 'signs of an abusive relationship' 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Trash talking  Body chameleon! Boy George, 55, flaunts his impressive 40kg weight loss after tipping the scales at 120kgs thanks to snacking on ALMONDS From Delta's modest $570 a night penthouse to Boy George's $10.5m pad and Seal's luxury $20k a week suite: Inside the homes of The Voice Australia coaches 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumours continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx Keeping up tradition: Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game 'You'll no doubt be p***** on This Morning again!' Alan Carr teases Holly Willoughby over her infamous post-NTAs appearance at the BAFTA TV awards 'It is woeful politicians aren't addressing dementia enough': John Middleton calls for action as he collects Best Soap award for Emmerdale at BAFTAs 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast Gothic chic: Katie Piper turns up the drama in a black puffball dress as she takes to the red carpet at the TV BAFTAs 2017 in London 'Claire, you have given me the best 10 hours I've ever had': Happy Valley's Sarah Lancashire pays tribute to rival nominee Foy as she beats The Crown star  Doctor Foster's Suranne Jones turns up the glamour as she stuns in a dazzling crimson gown at the 2017 BAFTA TV Awards 'That's a bad joke, I'm sorry': Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'We really didn't expect this...But we did have a 50% chance of winning': Ant and Dec can't stop smiling as they scoop their SEVENTH BAFTA award It's a Strictly reunion! Ed Balls meets up with dancing partner Katya Jones on the red carpet at the TV BAFTAs (and proves he's still got the moves) An arresting sight! Line of Duty star Thandie Newton swaps her uniform for a stunning floor-length sequinned lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Strictly judge Shirley Ballas and her son Mark struggled with 'overwhelming grief' when her brother David took his own life in 2003 'Bad look for a future queen': How Crown Princess Mary was 'BANNED' from seeing her fun-loving best friend because her 'party lifestyle' jarred  'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Mother's Day in style  New Strictly head judge Shirley Ballas, 56, 'had relationship with dance student 26 years her junior' 'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle The Little People, Big World couple expanded the family 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip Kerry Katona enjoys some bonding time with Molly McFadden, 15, before she jets off to Ireland as they join the rest of the family at Nickelodeon premiere Are they the new One Direction? Boy band Pretty Much leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion and take a ride in his car Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favourite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewellery choices Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe is all smiles as she flaunts her huge baby bump while packing up her Liverpool home to move in with beau Greg Lake Moving to Newcastle  Bottoms up! Lauren Goodger shows off her VERY perky posterior in a pair of super-tight leggings at the gym after denying butt lift rumours No ifs or butts 'There's no pleasing you': Countdown's Rachel Riley tells off Nick Hewer after he complains about contestant Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London 'There's been a lot of fiery rows': Gillian Taylforth, 61, ENDS engagement to fiancé of four years Dave Fairbairn over 'cheating suspicions' Not so mellow yellow! Katy Perry sizzles in sexy futuristic neon bodysuit and pink latex leggings at Wango Tango in LA Katy Perry proved hard to miss  Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami Playing doubles! Cristiano Ronaldo watches the Madrid Open Final with stunning Spanish girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez He rocked a shirt and jacket combo Sadie Frost sparks speculation she and Darren Strowger have split after handing him back a ring following an emotional dinner that he leaves solo while wiping his eyes 'Friends are convinced the writing is on the wall': Nicole Scherzinger 'hasn't seen boyfriend Grigor Dimitrov for two months'... as he is spotted with ex Maria Sharapova Blonde bombshell Ola Jordan flaunts her fantastic figure in a white bikini as she puckers up to husband James on romantic Dubai getaway James 'Arg' Argent shows off his noticeably slimmer figure as he joins former TOWIE co-star Dan Osborne for charity football match following ten week stay in Thai rehab Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show is getting its seventh season, but it will be its last one Sophie Turner smoulders in a showstopping one-shoulder metallic dress at the Louis Vuitton fashion show in Japan Combined with a Louis Vuitton bag  'Last night was amazing': Jacqueline Jossa sets Instagram alight with fun-filled hen do pictures ahead of wedding to former TOWIE hunk Dan Osborne A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead No longer talk Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood The daughter of actor and director Clint Eastwood  Tomb Raider star Alicia Vikander looks sleepy as she leaves London restaurant with a friend She's accustomed to rugged wear as she plays Lara Croft  Mum steps out! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with their children Mother's Day outing with their three children Perfectly poised: Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she looks more like mother Sophie every day) Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage 'I love you', she wrote On fine form! Zara Tindall wows spectators with her show-jumping skills at the Chatsworth Horse Trials  The Olympic medallist, 35, was riding Fernhill Facetime Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett Taking it in turns... New mother Cheryl 'planning a pop comeback for early next year after boyfriend Liam Payne finishes promoting his solo music' 'I'll definitely need to lose my baby weight': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd flaunts her bump in tight top as she signs up to have her placenta made into pills in order to snap back into shape Louise Thompson shares very sexy picture of herself wearing a swimsuit with her name emblazoned on the front in Greece She has been documenting every single piece of swimwear 'Jordan's never coming back!': Kieran Hayler secretly films 'drunk 'wife Katie Price swigging Skittles vodka... as son Junior jokes the star is 'so embarrassing' Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and tight white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Katherine Jenkins puts on a leggy display as she steps out in a thigh-split dress following her final performance of Carousel Leaving the London Coliseum theatre  Where's Nina? Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without girlfriend Agdal 'Don't feed kids s**t every day!' Jamie Oliver says having healthy kids is 'really basic' and reveals his 'biggest hurdle' is that 'humans just f**king hate change' Wants to help Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky  'It was intimate affair with lots of joy and laughter': Abi Titmuss marries American actor fiancé Ari Welkom... weeks after announcing her pregnancy Malibu mama! Megan Fox looks stunning with super-long brunette locks as she's spotted with Brian Austin Green and their sons Liam Payne copies Elton John's wacky £2,000 Gucci jacket to attend concert in LA It appears Liam Payne is already taking tips from one of the greats - Elton John Having her cake and eating it too! Katy Perry rewards herself with a sweet treat after sexy Wango Tango performance... as she becomes 'top choice' to judge American Idol He only has eyes for you! Bikini-clad Louise Thompson shows off her gym-honed physique as she enjoys another idyllic day in Greece with hunky boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'They thought she did an amazing job': Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'is poised to be the first female Doctor Who' after impressing in BBC comedy Mel Gibson, 61, strolls hand in hand with girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, as they wear matching stripes in Los Angeles Looked the picture of contentment Lorraine Kelly and Martin Kemp lead the Twitter reaction to Lucie Jones' Eurovision performance... as former X Factor star scores the UK's highest entry since 2011 And the winner is...The awards won by all 26 acts on this year's Eurovision Song Contest, by Jim Shelley Eurovision proved it can still produce something we have never seen  'When you're trying to yodel but Alex from Romania has other ideas': Fans are sent into meltdown over Florea's very awkward attempts to kiss his yodelling co-star Ilenca Portugal win Eurovision for the first time as Britain's former X Factor contestant Lucie Jones wows crowds and earns UK its best result since 2011  Having a Carey-free time! Mariah and Nick Cannon are the friendliest of exes as they host fun family party with twins Monroe and Moroccan He's got his hands full! Kevin Bacon gets well acquainted with his topless co-star Kathryn Hahn as he fondles her assets in scenes for his new comedy series I Love Dick Paris Jackson wears ripped boho T-shirt and cropped khaki pants to pick up Mother's Day presents for Debbie Rowe  Doing some last minute Mother's Day shopping  Upton girl! Kate walks her pet dog Harley in sky high $965 Manolo Blahniks and a tracksuit... (and a full face of make-up) in Hollywood  The 5' 10" stunner Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Wrong direction: Harry Styles says he is a Remainer as Brexit 'symbolises the opposite of the world I would like to be in' after launch of his debut solo album Lee Ryan reveals a fuller figure as he takes part in charity football match... weeks after impressing fans with his buff physique on EastEnders Pixie Lott flaunts her assets in VERY sexy swimwear as she and fiancé Oliver Cheshire soak up the rays in Bali They took a break from their hectic work lives to spend time together No yodelling, no dancing gorilla, no paddling pool, or CGI of the Eiffel Tower...Why the United Kingdom isn't even trying to win Eurovision , by JIM SHELLEY Flower power! Kate Hudson is feminine in a floral skirt  as she bonds with her sons ahead of Mother's Day She is the proud mother of two sons 'It's completely false': David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out £7m on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' George and Amal Clooney 'build a luxurious all-weather tennis court' in the grounds of their sprawling £20million Berkshire mansion 'Is this your man?' The Only Way Is Essex star Gemma Collins sparks new romance rumours after sharing snap of shirtless hunk Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch premiere Made a change from swimsuits! Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson stun on the Baywatch premiere red carpet Both played iconic role Thigh's the limit! Charlotte McKinney exhibits her slim stems in thigh-baring gown at Baywatch premiere She's an undeniable bombshell Doting mum Katie Price fusses over son Harvey, 14, as she puts Miami club drama behind her to enjoy family outing at charity football match Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Back to BFFs! Chloe Sims flashes her cleavage in striking green vest as she enjoys a girls' night out with former TOWIE love rival Lauren Pope Happy Ever after! Milla Jovovich attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch in Malibu  Milla Jovovich could not have looked sweeter  It runs in the family! Kaia Gerber, 15, and Cindy Crawford, 51, are pretty in patterns as they lead stars at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Wonder in white! Vanessa Hudgens shows off taut tummy in flowy two-piece number at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch The 28-year-old looked absolutely gorgeous  Real housewife, great mum! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA The 32-year-old actress looked stunning in a navy blue dress  Spelling it out! Miley Cyrus wears earring with fiance Liam Hemsworth's name while performing at Wango Tango in LA The 24-year-old showed just how in love she is  Sisters Miley and Noah Cyrus present their mother Tish with 50th birthday cake on stage at Wango Tango concert in LA Tish Cyrus turned 50 on Saturday 'I haven't seen it': Harry Styles reveals he hasn't watched his new film Dunkirk but 'would have been excited' had he not 'been involved in it' Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumours of their new romance continue to swirl Ashlee Simpson Ross contrasts platinum blonde with black ensemble as Jaime King is racy in lace for Lucky Brand jeans event Showcased her most recent shade of platinum  Major style! Hailee Steinfeld shows off her pop-star physique in strappy miltary-chic bustier at Wango Tango Hailee Steinfeld was in top form Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with a group of pals in Hollywood 'Sean, kiss me!' Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary has to beg to keep his job  Dynamic duo! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin dazzle at Grace And Frankie event in LA The Tinseltown legends were nicely dressed at the industry event Being rail-thin isn't the epitome of beauty any more, says funny girl Amy Schumer as she claims it is 'essential' to laugh in the current political climate A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA 'Handsome boy': Proud father David Beckham joins lookalike son Brooklyn for a selfie as they enjoy another father-son bonding session It's all relative! The Only Way Is Essex star Georgia Kousoulou and her psychology student sister Grace look identical in recent social media posts 'It was incredible': Amanda Holden fights back tears as Welsh schoolgirl choir Angelicus Celtis deliver a 'mind-blowing' performance dedicated to their injured teacher 'We just wanted to help!': Magician Matt Edwards sobs with delight as he finally gets his big break when Ant and Dec press their Golden Buzzer on Britain's Got Talent What's old is new again! Lyrics to Selena Gomez's new song Bad Liar are leaked and fans think it's another nod to ex Justin Bieber TOWIE's Megan McKenna stuns in red silk camisole while Amber Turner shows off her tanned legs as they enjoy girls' night out Keeping it Klassy! Myleene reveals her black bra in sheer lace blouse...before posing in neon orange ensemble for latest Mothercare range She's a work of art! Rita Ora is immortalised in self-commissioned painting that is set to raise more than £20,000 for breast cancer charity 'I'll never accept you're gone': George Shelley pays tribute to sister Harriet, 21, who died after being hit by car in tragic accident Breaks silence 'She's got good people around her': Rylan Clark-Neal throws his support behind pregnant Ferne McCann following her tearful appearance on This Morning 'It's so genuine': Alesha Dixon hits back at claims that Britain's Got Talent is fixed... after fans SLAM the show on Twitter 'I'd be game for a reunion!' Charlie Hunnam admits he's keen to reprise his role as gay schoolboy Nathan in Queer As Folk... 17 years after the show went off air Kate, Wills and Harry put on a tea-mendous show as they treat children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Palace garden party Her time to shine! Bella Thorne dances in skimpy star print bikini as she gears up for a day by the pool Staycation Miley Cyrus' younger sister Noah models denim coveralls and T-shirt while performing at Wango Tango music festival First Dates' first baby: They met on the hit TV show before a little surprise came seven weeks later. Now these proud parents tell their very modern love story  The Only Way... is to the changing room? Danielle Armstrong makes sure to flaunt her enviably slender figure as she puts on a titillating display while slipping into her gym gear in the street 'I was freezing my butt off!' Lucy Mecklenburgh flashes her pert bottom in skimpy swimwear as she hits the beach for raunchy new fitness DVD You can't hide with that on! Mickey Rourke contrasts his camouflage as he chauffeurs his pet pooch in a blue Bentley 'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College 'Funny how Tess Ward can stand up for body positivity when it suits her!' The Great British Bake Off star Ruby Tandoh sparks Twitter war with Harry Styles' diet guru girlfriend 'Looking the double of his daddy!' Danielle Lloyd shares FIRST 3D scan of her unborn baby... and claims he's the spitting image of his father Not skipping his veggies! Shrinking Jonah Hill shows off gym-honed figure as he fetches a healthy lunch at trendy Hollywood market 'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Always ahead of the pack! Age-defying Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a leggy display in stunning white minidress at the Monte Carlo ePrix Double Oh heaven! James Bond hopeful Idris Elba dresses down in casual shorts as he launches new campaign to help 'ordinary people's dreams come true' Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian pose with Planed Parenthood staff in LA as organization faces cuts from American Health Care Act Horsing around! Queen's great-grandchildren Isla and Savannah steal the show at Windsor Horse Show as Lady Louise can barely watch when riders collide Geri Horner enjoys a bonding session with daughter Bluebell as they join Preeya Kalidas and the School Of Rock cast backstage in the West End Dustin Lance Black, 42, can't keep his hands off his new husband Tom Daley, 22, as he cheekily grabs his rear in a loved-up Instagram snap Nice mustache, Hoff! David Hasselhoff, 64, shows off new facial hair as he holds hands with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Look away Kim! Ms Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban chows down on the star's favorite junk food as he heads into LAX airport She's a morning person! Rob Kardashian shares Instagram photo at 6am of baby Dream  Early start for Blac Chyna's girl Bumping along! Serena Williams drapes her pregnant tummy in colourful dress as she begins US Mother's Day weekend Sealed with a kiss! John Legend visits Seaquarium with wife Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna as his tour kicks off GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Vogue Williams insists her relationship with cad Spencer Matthews is the real deal  Busty in the Big Apple! Lea Michele posts Instagram photo of cleavage-baring cocktail dress she wore to Sabra hummus event 'To my haters, thank you!': Bella Thorne flashes her toned tummy in black crop top as she takes down trolls in Instagram video 'I love being in people's homes': Nicole Kidman  reveals she wants to do more television...while hinting at a possible sequel to the HBO hit Little Big Lies 'It's happening': Ashley Graham is 'so excited' to return as judge of America's Next Top Model alongside Tyra Banks Tat's had it! Victoria Beckham reveals her tribute inking to husband David has virtually disappeared... as she steps out in a backless midnight blue jumpsuit for cancer fundraiser  Auditioning for Baywatch? Bikini-clad Hollyoaks beauty Sophie Porley cuts a sensational figure as she squeezes her very ample assets into a scarlet red two-piece Don't look down! Rita Ora keeps a low profile in a loose-fitting shirt and baseball cap as she heads to a tanning salon in Notting Hill... before being met with a nasty surprise on the way Make-up free Rachel Hunter, 47, treats herself to a coffee break as she enjoys a leisurely day out in London Cutting a casual figure 'I thought it was a catfish... it was so surreal': Drake whisks busty Irish glamour model Ava Van Rose on tour with him for SIX weeks after reaching out to her on Instagram They could be sisters! Kim Zolciak, 38, and daughter Brielle, 20, flash the flesh as they both reveal their bikini bodies on social media 'I still roll fat joints for my friends': Miley Cyrus says she will not smoke marijuana even if her pals do... and admits she has a 'lot more energy' They can't get enough of each other! Kourtney Kardashian is seen leaving cozy hotel with young lover Younes after 'she throws Scott Disick to curb' Pippa's Big Day Ding Dongs: Carole Middleton has rather upset her relatives while Jane 'Carnival Queen' Matthews has delighted hers - so how do they square up? Zoe Ball's boyfriend was found hanged at home 'after she told a friend to check on him because he was not answering her calls' Will dementia defeat Dibley's Jim Trott? No, no, no, no: Trevor Peacock can't remember his life in showbiz. But he's still raising smiles (and cash) as he battles with Alzheimer's Papa bear! Ryan Gosling has grizzly on shirt as he makes rare sighting with daughter Esmeralda and mom... as Eva Mendes is nowhere to be seen 'Saliha's house looks like a brothel': Masterchef's Asian winner is hit by barrage of online racist abuse by trolls who say she should open a curry house  'Coming to save you!': Marilyn Monroe look-alike Courtney Stodden does her best slow-mo bikini Baywatch run on the beach 'A Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde personality!' Stephanie Davis' mother posts 'signs of an abusive relationship' tweet after Jeremy McConnell's assault hearing Still going strong! Julia Roberts snuggles up to husband of 15 years Danny Moder as he puts his arm around her in Malibu Dance Moms vet Abby Lee Miller nearly trips while exiting restaurant after she is handed a one-year prison sentence for tax fraud Off balance Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian pose with Planned Parenthood staff in LA as organization faces cuts from American Health Care Act Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2763 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2763 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
People close Home News Watch PEN Photos Videos Style Celebrity Food Bodies Babies Home & Travel Pets Country Crime Human Interest TV Movies Music Politics Royals Sports Crosswords Premium TIME Health Stay Connected Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Premium Free Trial Gift Box Offer Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online Magazine Learn More More Special Offers Mobile Apps Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Skip to content People Music Beyoncé Knowles Kanye West Lady Gaga Taylor Swift Gwen Stefani Music Travis Scott Arrested for Allegedly Inciting Riot at Arkansas Concert By Stephanie Petit and Aurelie Corinthios Posted on May 14, 2017 at 5:20pm EDT Share Tweet Email Travis Scott‘s tour stop at the Walmart Ampitheatre in Rogers, Arkansas, allegedly got a bit too rowdy, leading cops to reportedly arrest the rapper following the show. Keith Foster, Public Information Officer for the Rogers Police Department, confirmed to PEOPLE that Scott (né Jacques Webster) was arrested and charged with inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor. “During the concert, Webster encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass security protocols to ensure concert goer safety,” Foster said. “During the rush to the stage several people were injured, including an employee from the security company hired to help monitor and control the crowd, and a member of the police department. The injured subjects were treated at the AMP by members of the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical.” According to TMZ, witnesses said that officers took the singer as soon as he left the stage. The 25-year-old rapper was reportedly released without bail around 11:30 p.m., according to TMZ. Scott will also have to appear for a court date in Arkansas, according to the outlet. Foster could not confirm the exact time that Scott was released but said that it “sounds like he was cited and would have to return for court.” Fans at the concert shared their experiences on social media, with most mocking the arrest charges. “Guess the cops can’t handle the rage like some of us can,” one wrote. Travis Scott got arrested for "inciting a mob." so glad i was there #FreeTravisScott pic.twitter.com/IyZ53gaYy8 — AmirT (@mirssyy) May 14, 2017 guess the cops can't handle the rage like some of us can 🤔🤷🏼‍♀️ #anythingcouldhappenatthenightshow #FreeTravisScott @trvisXX @RollingLoud pic.twitter.com/y4OawTySNO — ash (@ashleycorleyy) May 14, 2017 doesn't get any litter than @trvisXX getting kicked out and arrested at his own concert .. #FREELAFLAME pic.twitter.com/ghuP4vZkuk — Bella (@BellaJacuzzi) May 14, 2017 so travis scott had to wrap up our show tonight pretty fast, they were trying to get him out of there soon. he got arrested right after… — katelyncartierdowse (@Katelyn_Cartier) May 14, 2017 WATCH: Grammy News and Notes: Album of the Year Nominees Kylie Jenner’s beau previously was arrested for a similar incident in Chicago. He faced disorderly conduct charges following his 2015 performance at Lollapalooza after encouraging concert goers to rush the stage, according to Billboard. More recently, Scott encouraged a fan to jump from a third story balcony during a concert in New York. Video of the incident went viral on social media, though he did not face legal repercussions for the incident. Jenner, who is currently at her home in Los Angeles, was not at the concert.   Show Full Article Sponsored Stories get your daily dose Please Enter a Valid Email Address Please Enter a Valid ZIP Address Thanks for signing up for our newsletter!Check your email to verify your signup. follow us Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat More People Logo Music NBC: We Didn’t Hire Kelly Clarkson for The Voice to Spite American Idol Books Raising Rockstars: Check Out These Adorable Throwback Photos of Moms with Their Famous Kids Celebrity Elton John Wishes His Mom a Happy Mother’s Day After Years of Estrangement: ‘So Happy We Are Back in Touch’ More Taylor Swift Sends a Sweet Note to a Fan Who Invited Her to a Graduation Party Miley Cyrus Says She Still Rolls Her Friends’ Joints After Quitting Weed Nicki Minaj Announces She’s Launching a Charity to Help with Student Loans After Paying Fans’ Debts Meet Simon Cowell's New Boy Band, Pretty Much (Spoiler: They're Adorable and They Can Really Dance) Tony Bennett Postpones Concert Due to ‘Mild Flu Virus’ Load More Stories Most Popular 1 Chrissy Teigen Gets a Henna Tattoo with a Random Guy After John Legend Dances with Fan 2 The Funniest Celeb Mom Moments Ever Captured on Social Media 3 She's Home! Thomas Rhett and Wife Lauren Welcome Daughter Willa Gray 4 NBC: We Didn’t Hire Kelly Clarkson for The Voice to Spite American Idol 5 Elton John Wishes His Mom a Happy Mother’s Day After Years of Estrangement: ‘So Happy We Are Back in Touch’ See Also People Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat All products featured were editorially selected. PEOPLE.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links. Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Walmart’s Foran honorary chair at Scott Family Amazeum’s Un-gala These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session ‘The Flying Wallendas’ famed tightrope family act headline Blytheville’s Mayfest Festival Apple plans $1 billion advanced manufacturing fund Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing Robert Coon named Managing Partner at Impact Management Group Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Walmart’s Foran honorary chair at Scott Family Amazeum’s Un-gala ‘The Flying Wallendas’ famed tightrope family act headline Blytheville’s Mayfest Festival Co-working space opens in Bentonville to support entrepreneurs and startups in NWA Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Walmart’s Foran honorary chair at Scott Family Amazeum’s Un-gala BusinessNorthwest Arkansas by Nancy Peevy (nancywpeevy@gmail.com) 8 hours ago 27 views  Tags: Scott Family Amazeum 0 SHARES Share Tweet Guests could run, jump or ride a bike over the oobleck pool. Oobleck is a suspension of cornstarch and water that can behave like a solid or liquid, depending on how much pressure is put on it. Children learning through the kinds of hands-on play offered at the Scott Family Amazeum extends beyond the intellectual to the magical, Greg Foran, CEO of Walmart Stores, U.S., told 300 sponsors and supporters at the first annual Un-gala fundraiser benefitting the children’s museum on Friday (May 12). “I can say this having watched my son, Ryan, who’s just 2-1/2. What he does as he learns and discovers new things, I can say truly is magical,” Foran said. Foran, honorary chair of the event, shared an example of being at a park which had the alphabet set up like an abacus. Ryan went through it letter by letter, singing the alphabet song he had just learned at home, and correcting himself as he went through each letter. “I can tell you when he completed it, he was pleased as punch. And what I realized at that point was just how important touching, feeling, expressing oneself when they’re learning is,” Foran said. “And the joy it brought to him and to myself. It truly was shared alike. It was magic.” Foran said research shows that kindergarten children who make only one museum visit during that year achieved higher scores in reading, mathematics and science by the time they reached third grade than those who did not visit a museum. He said that the benefits even extended to children most at risk to deficits and delays. Research also shows children spend four to seven hours a day using screen media, he said. So, the Amazeum is a good break that benefits families. Greg Foran, Walmart U.S. CEO, (left) stands with Sam Dean, Amazeum executive director, at the Un-gala on Friday (May 12). Foran was honorary chair of the event. “It’s not only a place that inspires curiosity and wonder in children, it’s actually a place where families bond,“ he said. “It’s a place where we get an opportunity to get away from screens and spend time together, to communicate – and that’s one benefit we can’t quantify. Yet frankly, it might be the most valuable one of all.” Sam Dean, executive director of the Amazeum, said the museum is not just a building. He described it as a movement where learning through doing is of utmost importance; a community where supporters have worked tirelessly over many years to make the museum possible; and a home where families feel comfortable being together and where everyone is welcome. Dean told the crowd of magical moments at the museum. He said how touching it was that a young girl moving out of the country insisted to her family that she had to come to say good bye to Miss Addie, a play facilitator at the museum. He also told of a father, home after being deployed overseas, who surprised his child and the first thing she wanted to do was go to the Amazeum to spend time with her dad. “Magic moments happen here,” Dean said. “We are proud of these magic moments.” Eric and Elda Scott, benefactors of the museum, told the crowd that the Amazeum is special to their family too. Eric Scott said his parents and his brother’s three children, including one with developmental delays, had recently enjoyed the hands-on atmosphere of the museum. Scott also announced that, he and his wife, Elda, along with his parents, Lee and Linda Scott, and his brother’s family, are committing $100,000 this year and $100,000 over the next three years to the Amazeum. (l-r) Amazeum board member, Ken Mantel and Paula Mantel with Alan Dranow, senior director of the Walmart Museum. An auction during the evening included a family trip for four to Hershey, Penn., and a cross-country talk show tour, including a stop in New York City with tickets to the Today Show’s Citi Concert Series, a taping of The Chew and The Wendy Williams Show, plus a stop in Los Angeles, Calif. to see a taping of The Talk. Organizers hoped to raise $65,000 to $70,000 from the event. Individual tickets for the event were $100. Shannon Dixon, director of development and communications for the Amazeum, said the money raised would go to provide exhibits and programs, and to support their “accessibility for all” program, which provides admission to non-profits for their clients who may not otherwise be able to attend the Amazeum. Dixon said it is important for people to understand the Amazeum is a non-profit organization that relies on the community for half of its budget, in order to keep admission costs low. Since it opened in July 2015, the museum has seen more than 500,000 visitors, Dixon said. Food offered throughout the evening included BLT cupcakes, bacon wrapped shrimp, cheese burger skewers, chocolate dipped bacon and fruit bites in waffle bowls. Presenting sponsor for the Un-gala was the Hershey Company. Other sponsors included Arvest, Coca-Cola, Nabholz, Spectrum Brands, Celebrate Arkansas, Mitchell-Williams, Nickelodeon and the Walmart Museum. During the evening the staff encouraged guests to play and have fun. Hot air balloons, an oobleck pool, giant video games, a five-second dance party and all the museum exhibits were open for guests to enjoy. Food and drink stations were scattered throughout the venue. Comments comments Previous post These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Next post Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid 4 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 8 hours ago Walmart’s Foran honorary chair at Scott Family Amazeum’s Un-gala 8 hours ago These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session 16 hours ago Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing 16 hours ago XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,658 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,501 views Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 1,478 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,380 views U.S. Sen. Boozman seeks ‘full explanation’ of Comey firing, Arkansas Democrats call for special prosecutor 1,216 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad Aldi’s £1.2 billion war chest to take on Walmart in US as plans to open more stores By City & Finance Reporter for the Daily Mail Published: 16:30 EDT, 14 May 2017 | Updated: 20:26 EDT, 14 May 2017 e-mail 16 View comments ALDI is aiming to beat the world’s biggest grocer on its home turf in the US with a £1.2bn expansion. The German-owned discounter already has 1,600 stores in America, and plans to open 400 more by the end of 2018. It is putting pressure on Walmart, which owns Asda in the UK, which is cutting prices to regain its title as the United States’ low-price leader. Aldi’s expansion in the US comes as other retailers – especially department stores – scale back as they are hit by falling traffic at shopping centres, a shift away from spending on goods towards meals and cinema trips and competition from online stores and cut-price competition. Stores are responding by shutting shops and shedding jobs. But Aldi’s no-frills shopping experience, smaller a product range and more own-label products has allowed it to undercut its larger rivals. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Travelodge set to bring in 'SuperRooms' to attract value... JEFF PRESTRIDGE: Reward the loyal and do it now - it's... Are diamonds a rock solid investment? Investing in precious... BEAT THE BIG CASH SQUEEZE: How to cut bills and protect... Share this article Share Jason Hart, chief executive of Aldi in the US, said the grocer’s sales had doubled in the last five years, adding: ‘We are re-merchandising, remodelling, enhancing our product range and focused on gaining volume so more customers can start their shopping at Aldi.’   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos Investing Show: How are UK companies doing? All you need to know about the new 12-sided £1 coin Watch the production of the one-millionth Porsche 911 Time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed, warns Tom Becket The Tesla Model X and its falcon wing doors Footage showing the amazing evolution of the Porsche 911 Carrera Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? New Beatrix Potter 50p coins unveiled including Peter Rabbit Anthony Joshua receives 'phenomenal' bespoke Range Rover Big Money Questions: Can we avoid another financial crisis? Aston Martin race vehicles to celebrate opening of factory Investing Show: John Redwood on whether Trump can deliver Vodafone to report £4.1 billion loss due to price war in... SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SHARE TIPS: ECSC, Burberry and Dairy Crest IT firms hope for cyber hack boost as businesses tighten... GSK faces fury from investors over multibillion bid for... Aldi’s £1.2 billion war chest to take on Walmart in US as... Frankfurt's finanical district is now too full for banks... TRADER TIPS:City insiders say buy travel agent On The... Daily Briefing: Retail footfall figures helped by drop in... 'I backed Brexit – and it’s cost me my shirt price': Four... OUR GIANT VICTORY! In a classic 'David & Goliath' battle,... MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Ambitious cyber security firm ECSC is... Marks & Spencer profits expected to fall – despite staff... European businesses are preparing to cut use of UK... Vodafone to report £4.1 billion loss due to price war in... Beware the eBay scam which sees fake buyers steal goods... TONY HETHERINGTON: Zeros to heroes... your £20k British... CRUNCHTIME: As inflation races towards 2.7% wages have... BEAT THE BIG CASH SQUEEZE: How to cut bills and protect... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 16 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing Buy and sell shares and ETFs from £5 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket John Redwood: Has the French election rescued the euro? Will shares go off the boil or keep on rising? Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa Can you profit from the growing Chinese middle-class? We meet Fidelity China Special Situations manager Dale Nicholls Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends How to profit from property in the world's best cities Should investors worry about political upheaval? Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Is now a good time to buy emerging markets?             DON'T MISS JEFF PRESTRIDGE Reward the loyal and do it now - it's unacceptable people have cover that is no longer fit for purpose How to shave money off the price of razor blades or even join a shaving club TONY HETHERINGTON Zeros to heroes... your £20k British Gas bill horror is over SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SHARE TIPS ECSC, Burberry and Dairy Crest Why hedge funds are buying Tesla and Teletubbies World's richest investors reveal their top picks at millionaires' gathering in New York I want to let a property to a family member and not charge them rent - will I fall foul of any rules? Aldi's boss says UK could get as many as 1,000 stores Six Aldis in a town the size of Watford? Beware the eBay scam which sees fake buyers steal goods One user £1.5k out of pocket with nowhere to turn. What to consider protecting against when you buy landlord insurance From tenants who refuse to pay rent to damaging your property Sponsored Can you guess the price of these houses for sale? Take our quiz to see how well you know property prices around the country. Should you invest away from the UK to shield against political uncertainty amid the battle for Number 10 and Brexit? Marriage break-up costs could wipe out a sixth of retirement income when divorced people reach old age Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket on the Investing Show... - but consider these overlooked emerging markets instead. How much do we need to worry about the property market? SIMON LAMBERT. Bank of England keeps rates on hold but says they could be hiked sooner than expected as inflation bites RBS chief gets a £1.1million pay cut as shareholders slam 'catastrophic' performance at bank I withdrew £1,500 from a Santander branch but realised later I was £500 short - but the bank says I'm lying... Nine in 10 homeowners think house prices will rise in the next six months... - but less than one in five plan to buy or sell a property. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Ambitious cyber security firm ECSC is booming as sales team launches own attack MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Financial adviser Mattioli Woods spreads its wings and sees shares surge MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Wellness firm Venture Life Group expands as it appeals to well-heeled over-40s MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Rising sales (and a facelift) inject new life into Botox rival Sinclair Pharma MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Sirius Minerals digs deep to mine in the Yorkshire Moors MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Plug in to infrastructure fund International Public Partnerships as it raises £250m MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Can the A&E strategy reap rewards for the future? Healthcare firm Totally says yes MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Learning Technology Group's £54m takeover helps shares soar MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Central London property group Shaftesbury is West End gold MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS SANLAM FOUR MULTISTRATEGY: Stay positive... the principle that guides a diverse fund SECURITIES TRUST OF SCOTLAND: How bricks and mortar are helping fund rebuild its fortunes WAVERTON PORTFOLIO: Fund increases UK exposure in anticipation of a stronger pound SVM UK OPPORTUNITIES: The outperforming minnow fund that lives in the shadow of 'super-tankers' JP MORGAN JAPANESE INVESTMENT TRUST: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Neil Woodford gambles £200m on Lloyds   Diesel fights back as Peugeot leads the pack   Beware the eBay fake buyer scam   EE and O2 add free mobile roaming perk   I want to let a property for no rent   Why hedge funds are buying Tesla and Teletubbies Latest from Markets TRADER TIPS:City insiders say buy travel agent On The Beach as company's profits grew, but B&Q’s French owner Kingfisher Frankfurt's finanical district is now too full for banks considering new EU location Aldi’s £1.2 billion war chest to take on Walmart in US as plans to open more stores Vodafone to report £4.1 billion loss due to price war in Indian mobile phone market GSK faces fury from investors over multibillion bid for expanding its consumer healthcare business IT firms hope for cyber hack boost as businesses tighten up their defences after global hack Travelodge set to bring in 'SuperRooms' to attract value seeking business travellers Co-op Bank poised to unveil details of rescue plan to raise £750 million in new funds BMI boss: leaving EU will boost business flights as British companies need better connections 'Smart' handbag firm raises £40,000 to make fashion item that even charges your phone MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments The Week Ahead: If retail's dying, don't tell Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Wal-Mart, which sells more than $1 billion of merchandise a day, is scheduled to release first-quarter financial results on Thursday, May, 18, 2017. The period was the first since the retailer canceled its effort to compete directly against Amazon Prime's free two-day shipping service. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images) Print Email Tribune News Service By Tribune News Service The Oregonian on May 14, 2017 at 8:54 AM, updated May 14, 2017 at 9:27 AM comments The Limited, Wet Seal and Hhgregg are among the retailers that have gone broke this year. Others, like Macy's, J.C. Penney and Urban Outfitters, are closing stores. But wait. Unemployment is low. Consumer confidence is strong, and credit card debt is as high as it has been since the end of the Great Recession. Shoppers clearly are buyers. And we are still buying the same stuff: furniture, clothes and toys. But how and where we are buying is changing. This is the Amazon effect. While it's hurting some retailers, it isn't killing retail. Monthly retail sales were up 5 percent in March. That includes in-store and online, including mobile. Sure, e-commerce is growing faster than brick-and-mortar, but retailers keep stocking their shelves and we keep consuming. It's relevancy and price competition that injures and kills retailers. Just ask Sears or RadioShack. Wal-Mart sells more than $1 billion of merchandise per day. On Thursday in the week ahead, the company is scheduled to release its first-quarter financial results. The period was the first since Wal-Mart canceled its effort to compete directly against Amazon Prime's free two-day shipping service. Instead, Wal-Mart's newest strategy to battle the Amazon effect is just a few weeks old. In April, Wal-Mart began discounting items shoppers buy online and pick up in stores. Investors will want to hear about any early results and plans to expand the service this quarter. So far this year, Wal-Mart stock has been a better investment than the S&P 500. It also has performed better than more than half of the stocks in the Dow Jones industrial average. Clearly, investors think Wal-Mart and its customers are up to the challenge presented by the Amazon effect. –Tribune News Service Most Read Business Briefing The top business headlines of the day delivered to your inbox. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Letters to the Editor Contact Us About Us Subscribe to TYT Advertise With Us Monday 15 May, 2017 Wild animals invade Merida suburbs From La Negrita to Kukul Bout'ik: Mérida’s best places to enjoy Five best places to live in Mexico include Merida and Riviera Maya Wal-Mart close to settling alleged bribery cases in Mexico and elsewhere: sources Is Mexico really the second-deadliest country in the world? Home News Peninsula Merida Valladolid Beach Communities Yucatan Campeche Q. Roo Riviera Maya National International Crime Travel Lifestyle Expat Community Art and Culture Events Calendar Entertainment Yuca Planet Historic Yucatan Maya Universe Environment Wildlife Pets Real Estate House of the Week Business Business YucaTech Food and Drink Medical Tourism Specialists Hospitals Pharmaceutical Wellness Columns Directory Published On: Sun, May 14th, 2017 Business / Business-new / Crime / Headlines / International / National / News | By Yucatan Times Wal-Mart close to settling alleged bribery cases in Mexico and elsewhere: sources Share This Tags Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is preparing to pay roughly $300 million USD to resolve a long-running U.S. investigation into allegations of bribery by its employees in Mexico and other countries, according to people familiar with the matter. The deal, which the people told Bloomberg News was being finalized and still could change, would amount to a significant concession by the U.S. government. The Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission had sought at least twice that amount as recently as last year as they investigated bribery allegations linked to Wal-Mart’s business in countries including Mexico, China and India. The proposed penalty could be easily absorbed by the world’s largest retailer. The proposed resolution would require a guilty plea by at least one Wal-Mart subsidiary, said the people, who discussed details of the confidential negotiation on the condition of anonymity. The parent company wouldn’t be charged, the people said. Instead, they said, it would enter into a non-prosecution agreement with the Justice Department and install an independent monitor to supervise the company’s compliance with the settlement. Wal-Mart declined to comment. Wal-Mart’s latest annual report didn’t disclose any legal reserve and said the company didn’t expect a settlement to have a material impact on its business. Representatives of the Justice Department and the SEC declined to comment. Wal-Mart’s shares rose less than 1 percent to close at $76.72 in New York. A deal with U.S. authorities would end Wal-Mart’s expensive legal troubles stemming from its efforts to expand rapidly abroad a decade ago. It would also allow the company to focus on improving profitability and its e-commerce business. Wal-Mart and U.S. authorities were at odds over a settlement as recently as last fall, in the closing days of the Obama administration. With Wal-Mart balking over demands to pay $600 million or more in penalties, prosecutors were going back to gather more evidence from witnesses, people familiar with the matter said in October. Earlier, prosecutors and regulators were pushing for as much as $1 billion, one of the people said. Mexico Unit The case gained national prominence through articles in the New York Times detailing alleged bribery and a potential cover-up by high-level executives in Mexico. The reduced figure suggests that the case was difficult to prosecute once federal investigators gathered and scrutinized evidence, the people said. Much of the alleged misconduct uncovered in Mexico, which has the most Wal-Mart stores outside the U.S., was too old to prosecute, people familiar with the matter have said. Also, most of the behavior under scrutiny involved dozens of small payments to government officials to speed zoning and building permits — not the type of vast corruption involving million-dollar bribes as seen in other industries like mining, drilling and telecommunications, the people said. To read complete article click here. Source: bloomberg.com Mexico Travel Care Comments comments Related News Five best places to live in Mexico include Merida and Riviera Maya Is Mexico really the second-deadliest country in the world? Tips for a smooth car-rental experience in Mexico Mexico names new prosecutor for crimes against journalists Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) XHTML: You can use these html tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Mexico Travel Care KINUH Home Contact Us Headlines Local News DISCLAIMER All Rights Reserved The Yucatan Times 2014 This popup will close in: CLOSE Wal-Mart close to settling alleged bribery cases in Mexico and elsewhere: sources
The Spring Fund Drive: Day Forty-Two Final four days — must raise $2,670! Without your support, we won't be here next month. Remember: this web site is not a hobby. It's a full-time job for the people who run it. Without adequate income, we will have to shut down. That's not a threat - it's reality. Can you spare $5? $1? Because no donation is too small, and we really, really need the money. If everyone reading this message donated only $5.00 right now, we could end this fundraiser today. Think about that. And please help if you can. We thank you! Today's tally: $167 from 9 people. TOTAL TALLY: $7,330.50 from 293 people. (As of 9pm EDT, May 14th)   All Recent Posting Activity Topics & Issues Events Polls Search Donate Shop Advertise Contact About Please Read Our New Guidelines for Comments and Commenters How to register for a user account (As always, please DO NOT DONATE if you live on a fixed income. Do not choose between eating and funding!) --> --> The News Most Recent Threads The Blogs Most Recent Threads The Forums Most Recent Threads Home » blogs » Peter Dreier's blog Who Are the Out-Of-Town Billionaires Wading into a City School Board Race? Peter Dreier Article Tools E-mail Print Comments (0) Share    Government | Local Elections by Peter Dreier | May 13, 2017 - 6:32am Some of America’s most powerful corporate plutocrats want to take over the Los Angeles school system but Steve Zimmer, a former teacher and feisty school board member, is in their way. So they’ve hired Nick Melvoin to get rid of him. No, he’s not a hired assassin like the kind on “The Sopranos.” He’s a lawyer who the billionaires picked to defeat Zimmer. The so-called “Independent” campaign for Melvoin — funded by big oil, big tobacco, Walmart, Enron, and other out-of-town corporations and billionaires — has included astonishingly ugly, deceptive, and false attack ads against Zimmer. This morning (Friday) the Los Angeles Times reported that “Outside spending for Melvoin (and against Zimmer) has surpassed $4.65 million.” Why? Because he doesn’t agree with the corporatization of our public schools. Some of their donations have gone directly to Melvoin’s campaign, but much of it has been funneled through a corporate front group called the California Charter School Association. To try to hoodwink voters, the billionaires invented another front group with the same initials as the well-respected Parent Teacher Association, but they are very different organizations. They called it the “Parent Teacher Alliance.” Pretty clever, huh? But this is notthe real PTA, which does not get involved with elections. In fact, the real PTA has demanded that this special interest PAC change their name and called the billionaires’ campaign Zimmer “misleading,” “deceptive practices,” and “false advertising.” These out-of-town billionaire-funded groups can pay for everything from phone-banks, to mailers, to television ads. Los Angeles Times columnist Steve Lopez described the billionaires’ campaign to defeat Zimmer, which includes sending mails filled with outrageous lies about Zimmer, as “gutter politics.” As a result, the race for the District 4 seat — which stretches from the Westside to the West San Fernando Valley — is ground zero in the battle over the corporate take-over of public education. The outcome of next Tuesday’s (May 16) election has national implications in terms of the billionaires’ battle to reconstruct public education in the corporate mold. The contest between Melvoin and Zimmer is simple. Who should run our schools? Who knows what’s best for students? Out-of-town billionaires or parents, teachers, and community residents? Before examining just who these corporate carpetbaggers are, let’s look at who Steve Zimmer is, what he’s accomplished, and what he stands for. Zimmer grew up in a working class community and attended public schools. His father was a printer and his mother was a school teacher. After college, he became a teacher, beginning with Teach for America in 1992. He spent 17 years as a teacher and counselor at Marshall High School. When he taught English as a second language, he used an experiential approach that related to his students’ daily lives. He created Marshall’s Public Service Program to make public service intrinsic to the student experience. He founded Marshall’s Multilingual Teacher Career Academy, which was an early model for LAUSD’s Career Ladder Teacher Academy. To help address the concerns of at-risk youth, he founded the Comprehensive Student Support Center to provide health care services for students and their families. He helped create the Elysian Valley Community Services Center, a community owned-and-operated agency that provides after-school, recreational and enrichment programs, a library, and free Internet access. He was elected to the school board in 2009 and re-elected in 2013 despite the onslaught of billionaire bucks against him. What are some of Zimmer’s most important accomplishments on the school board? • Improving student success. Zimmer’s leadership helped increase local graduation rates into their highest level ever. LAUSD schools achieved across-the-board improvements in state testing and all measurable forms of student achievement. • Balanced budgets. As school board president, Zimmer helped bring LAUSD’s budget into balance while simultaneously increasing funding to the classrooms. Zimmer helped lead the fight to get Congress to pass the Education Jobs Bill passed, which provided LAUSD with $300 million. He has fought for increased federal Special Education funding. He championed Proposition 30 and its extension, Proposition 55, which added more school funding for LAUSD. His stewardship has paid off. LAUSD has been awarded the highest credit rating of AAA. • More schools, more opportunities. As a result of Zimmer’s leadership and in response to parent interest, LAUSD has added many more magnet schools, STEM programs and dual immersion language programs. • Restoring arts education. Zimmer worked to restore arts programs not just in some schools but in all schools. He believes access to arts education needs to be a right for all students in every community. It is an essential component to a well-rounded education. Since he’s been in office, arts funding has increased by $18 million dollars and the Arts Equity Index that he championed, now ensures resources where they are needed the most. • Protecting vulnerable students. As a school board member, Zimmer has been the leading advocate for vulnerable students. He authored the school board resolution in support of the Dream Act, federal legislation that would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented students who do well in school and attend college. He authored the resolution ensuring schools are safe zones where students and families faced immigration enforcement actions can find safety and seek assistance and information. He helped create Student Recovery Day, a twice-yearly event that takes scores of district staff into students’ homes to support students who have dropped out. Hundreds of students have returned to class after being sought out and connected with the support services they need. He has ensured that the school district supports the needs of students living in poverty, students facing trauma, special education students, undocumented students, LGBT students, English Learners, standard English learners and foster children. • Healthy food. Zimmer’s commitment to making sure students eat healthy meals is unparalleled. His Good Food Purchasing resolution has been a model around the country for making sure student lunches have met the highest nutritional, environmental and animal welfare standards. As a member of the Board, and his last two years as President, Zimmer led the school district through difficult times, weathering a recession, dealing with tragedies, and transitions in leadership. He used his skills to resolve challenges by working collaboratively. Zimmer has received numerous awards for his work with children and families, including the LA’s Commission of Children, Youth and their Families “Angel Over Los Angeles” award, El Centro Del Pueblo’s “Carino” award and the LACER Foundation’s “Jackie Goldberg Public Service Award.” Nick Melvoin is the candidate completely sponsored by the 1 percent. His extreme lack of experience clearly doesn’t bother them. Melvoin is so devoted to the corporate agenda for our schools that he claims a “hostile takeover” is needed. Who are some of the billionaires and corporate lobby groups that want to defeat Steve Zimmer and elect Nick Melvoin? • Members of the Walton family (Alice Walton, Jim Walton, and Carrie Walton Penner) — heirs to the Wal-Mart fortune from Arkansas — have contributed $2.2 million to the PAC attacking Zimmer in the last two years. Alice Walton (net worth: $36.9 billion) lives in Texas and is one of the biggest funders behind Melvoin’s campaign. She and other members of her family also donated to the Super PAC that worked to elect Donald Trump, donated to Mike Pence, Jeff Sessions, and to the Alliance for School Choice, an organization that Trump’s Education Secretary Betsy DeVos helped to lead. • Oil and Enron executives from Texas and Oklahoma have contributed more than $1 million to the same committee. • JOBSPAC — a PAC “largely funded by oil and tobacco companies,” according to the Los Angeles Times – contributed $35,000 to the same committee funding the attacks on Zimmer. • Doris Fisher, co-founder of The Gap who has a net worth of $2.7 billion, has given $4.1 million to the California Charter School Association’s political action committee in 2015 and 2016. She lives in San Francisco. • John Arnold made a fortune at Enron before the company collapsed, leaving its employees and stockholders in the lurch. Then he made another fortune as a hedge fund manager. His net worth is $2.9 billion. He and his wife Laura donated $1 million last year to CCSA’s political committee and $4400 directly to Melvoin. They live in Houston, Texas. • Jeff Yass, who lives in the Philadelphia suburbs, has given the maximum allowed contribution to Melvoin. He runs the Susquahanna group, a hedge fund. He has close ties to Betsy DeVos’ efforts to privatize public school. Yass donated $2.3 million to a Super PAC supporting Rand Paul’s presidential candidacy. • Frank Baxter and his wife Kathrine donated $100,000 to CCSA’s political committee in the past two years and $3,300 directly to Melvoin. Frank Baxter is former CEO of the global investment bank Jefferies and Company that specialized in “junk” bonds. He is a major Republican fundraiser and was appointed ambassador to Uruguay by George W. Bush. He is one of at least five donors to Melvoin’s campaign who sit on the board of charter schools. He is also a big financial backer of Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, Cong. Devin Nunes of California, and Cong. Steve King of Iowa (a Tea Party favorite). What do these corporate moguls and billionaires want and what has Zimmer done to make them so upset? They want to turn public schools into educational Wal-marts run on the same corporate model. They want to expand charter schools that compete with each other and with public schools in an educational “market place.” (LA already has more charter schools than any other district in the country). They want to evaluate teachers and students like they evaluate new products — in this case, using the bottom-line of standardized test scores. Most teachers will tell you that over-emphasis on standardized testing turns the classroom into an assembly line, where teachers are pressured to “teach to the test,” and students are taught, robot-like, to define success as answering multiple-choice tests. Not surprisingly, the billionaires want school employees — teachers — to do what they’re told, without having much of a voice in how their workplace functions or what is taught in the classroom. Rather than treat teachers like professionals, they view them as the out-sourced hired help. The corporate big-wigs are part of an effort that they and the media misleadingly call “school reform.” What they’re really after is not “reform” (improving our schools for the sake of students) but “privatization” (business control of public education). They think public schools should be run like corporations, with teachers as compliant workers, students as products, and the school budget as a source of profitable contracts and subsidies for textbook companies, consultants, and others engaged in the big business of education. Like most reasonable educators and education analysts, Zimmer has questioned the efficacy of charter schools as a panacea. When the billionaires unveiled their secret plan to put half of LAUSD students into charter schools within eight years, Zimmer led the opposition. Zimmer isn’t against all charter schools but he doesn’t want the board to rubber-stamp every charter proposal. He wants LAUSD to carefully review each charter proposal to see if its backers have a track record of success and inclusion. And he wants LAUSD to hold charters accountable. This kind of reasonable approach doesn’t sit well with the billionaires behind their front group, the California Charter School Association. Zimmer has also questioned the over-reliance on high-stakes standardized testing as the primary tool for assessing student and teacher performance. Testing has its place but it can also become an excuse to avoid more useful and holistic ways to evaluate students and teachers — and to avoid the “teach to the test” obsession that hampers learning and creative teaching. Zimmer has called for — and helped negotiate the deal for — some portion of teacher evaluations to include test scores. But that’s not what the billionaires want. As a former LAUSD teacher with 17 years in the classroom, Zimmer respects teachers as professionals. He understands the jobs and frustrations of teaching. He wants LAUSD to create schools that are truly partnerships between teachers, parents, students and the district. He is often allied with United Teachers Los Angeles, but he is nobody’s lapdog. He has always been an independent voice and has disagreed with UTLA on some significant matters. In fact, four years ago, Times’ columnist Lopez wrote that Zimmer “... has tried to bridge differences among the warring parties, winning supporters and making enemies on both sides in the process.” But the billionaires don’t want a bridge-builder. They want a compliant rubber stamp, and that’s what they’ve found in Nick Melvoin, the advocate for a “hostile takeover.” Zimmer is endorsed by many LAUSD parents and community activists as well as Mayor Eric Garcetti, Senator Bernie Sanders, Congressmembers Karen Bass, Judy Chu and Maxine Waters, City Attorney Mike Feuer and the Councilmembers serving the neighborhoods in his 4th School Board District. At the state level, State Superintendent Tom Torlakson, Secretary of State Alex Padilla, State Controller Betty Yee, Senate President Pro Tem Kevin De Leon, and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon have all endorsed Zimmer. At the County level, he’s backed by Supervisors Hilda Solis and Sheila Kuehl along with former Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky. In his endorsement of Zimmer, Mayor Garcetti said: “The campaign against Steve has turned vicious, and I feel compelled to reach out on behalf of a champion for all our kids. I’ve worked closely with Steve Zimmer for more than 15 years. I’ve watched him make change in the lives of kids and in the fabric of our communities. Under Steve’s leadership, Los Angeles Unified schools have shown impressive progress. Steve’s collaborative, ‘all kids, all families’ approach is what we need on the School Board.” The Los Angeles Unified School District is the second largest school system in the country with over 700,000 students. So gaining control of its board — and its budget — is a good “investment” for the billionaires who want to reshape education in this country. Melvoin’s campaign and backers have outspent Zimmer by a huge margin. Their battle has turned into a remarkable David vs. Goliath contest. But let’s recall who won that Biblical battle. Goliath had the big weapons but the feisty David had the slingshot. That’s how Zimmer beat another hand-picked billionaire-backed candidate four years ago, with a grassroots campaign that relied on parents, teachers, and neighborhood residents, and he’s hoping to do it again next Tuesday. _______ About author Peter Dreier is E.P. Clapp Distinguished Professor of Politics, and chair of the Urban & Environmental Policy Department, at Occidental College. His most recent book is The 100 Greatest Americans of the 20th Century: A Social Justice Hall of Fame (Nation Books, 2012). His other books include: Place Matters: Metropolitics for the 21st Century (University Press of Kansas, 3rd edition, 2014), and The Next Los Angeles: The Struggle for a Livable City (University of California Press, revised 2006). He writes regularly for the Los Angeles Times, Common Dreams, The Nation, and Huffington Post. Vote Result Score: 10.0, Votes: 2 Bookmark/Search this post with: | | | | | | Peter Dreier's blog | login or register to post comments | 203 reads --> --> --> ChimpWire: Latest News Woman Allegedly Tries to Run GOP Lawmaker Off Road Over Health Care Vote May 14 2017 - 6:33pm (0 comments) If You Still Use Windows XP, Prepare For the Worst May 14 2017 - 4:26pm (0 comments) The Comey Fallout: Trump Legislative Agenda Is Dead In 2017 May 14 2017 - 8:52am (1 comments) Concrete, or beaches? World's sand running out as global construction booms May 13 2017 - 9:55am (4 comments) The Senate Starts to Look at Trump’s Businesses May 13 2017 - 8:31am (0 comments) Greg Palast: Trump Picks the Al Capone of Vote-Rigging to Investigate Federal Voter Fraud May 12 2017 - 6:03pm (0 comments) more news » Navigation home start a new thread recent popular content User login Username: * Password: * Request new password ChimpsterNation Didn't this site used to be for electing Democrats to office? by Biff 42 posts, 3027 views Presidential Historians Survey 2017 Hard to read, but the info is there. by chlorocardium 2 posts, 970 views Your favorite SC screen name by skeezyks 81 posts, 7602 views The 11th Minute of the 11th Hour of the 11th Day & Section 60 ~ ~ ~ by bitdog 24 posts, 6033 views 5479 Days . . . by aussidawg 2 posts, 751 views I'm flying to Florida in the morning. by click here 3 posts, 826 views First Clinton/Trump Debate - Sep 26, 2016 - thread by mewkitty 4 posts, 929 views more » Recent Threads Inspection- Neutering the American Voter by Ken Carman 0 comments Mothers Day: 100 ways the Deep State plans to kill off your mom... by Jane Stillwater 1 comments How to Treat the Enemy by GreyRaven 11 comments Neo-colonialism & living the Tea Party dream in Oklahoma by Jane Stillwater 0 comments AMERICA'S STATE DEPARTMENT COOPERATES IN ISRAEL'S NASTY GAME OF CALLING ITS CRITICS NAMES by John Chuckman 3 comments Democracy Now: “US Has Never Sought Regime Change in Syria” by AntiSpin 1 comments A COMMUTER'S TALE by rene sonsmann 4 comments RELEASE ME! by rene sonsmann 1 comments WHAT SO MANY AMERICANS SIMPLY DO NOT UNDERSTAND ABOUT THEIR OWN COUNTRY - PARALLELS OF AMERICA TODAY WITH 16TH CENTURY CHURCH by John Chuckman 2 comments The brotherhood that oil built: Terror in the Middle East by Jane Stillwater 5 comments IN FIFTY YEARS AMERICA'S TWO BOUTS OF MASS KILLING AND DESTRUCTION - HOW THE WEST HAS CHANGED IN ITS REACTIONS OVER THAT TIME by John Chuckman 0 comments PATRIOT-TYPES WHO DREAM OF REBELLION - MINDS COMICALLY STUCK IN TWO CENTURIES AGO - COMPLETE AND DEVASTATING FAILURE OF TRUMP by John Chuckman 0 comments ISRAEL'S 1967 ATTACK ON INTELLIGENCE SHIP U.S.S. LIBERTY DURING ITS SIX DAY WAR OF CONQUEST - LYNDON JOHNSON IS THE ONLY MYSTERY by John Chuckman 1 comments "War" and the next American generations by Jane Stillwater 0 comments Please send good thoughts for Georgia's 6th District ... by Georgia K 0 comments WHY A RUNAWAY EX-SYRIAN GENERAL'S CLAIM ABOUT TONNES OF CHEMICALS IN SYRIA IS GARBAGE - AND ANOTHER TRUE STORY ABOUT CHEMICALS by John Chuckman 17 comments A PROFESSOR SAYS KIM JONG UN AND DONALD TRUMP ARE BOTH UNSTABLE BULLIES - WHY THE ANALYSIS IS WEAK AND MISSES THE POINT by John Chuckman 8 comments WE LIVE IN THE MOST DISHONEST AND HYPOCRITICAL AND VIOLENT TIMES - WHY? - HINT: IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA OR ASSAD by John Chuckman 0 comments ALL THAT'S FIT TO PRINT ABOUT THE GOOD SHIP NEW YORK TIMES AND ITS GROTESQUE BOW FIGUREHEAD THOMAS FRIEDMAN - NOTE ON PULITZERS by John Chuckman 2 comments WHY YOU MIGHT THINK THE MAFIA RUNS AMERICAN FOREIGN AFFAIRS - BUT THE OUTFIT REALLY RUNNING THINGS MAKES THE MAFIA SEEM PIKERS - by John Chuckman 3 comments TULSI GABBARD IS THAT RAREST OF THINGS: AN AMERICAN POLITICIAN WHO THINKS FOR HERSELF AND IS HONEST - WHY SHE HAS NO FUTURE by John Chuckman 0 comments PUTIN'S PUT-DOWN OF NATO SUPPORT FOR AMERICAN ILLEGAL BOMBING: "NODDING LIKE BOBBLEHEADS" - SADLY CANADA'S DISAPPOINTING TRUDEAU by John Chuckman 0 comments POSSIBILITY SYRIAN GAS ATTACK WAS A FRAUD - WHITE HELMETS ALWAYS DOUBTFUL ACTORS - ANOTHER POSSIBILITY - INTEGRITY OF CORPORATE by John Chuckman 1 comments EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT SYRIA AND AMERICA'S NEW COLD WAR WITH RUSSIA - AS ESTABLISHMENT FIGHTS TO CONTROL EARTH by John Chuckman 0 comments NETANYAHU GIVEN BOX SEAT TO VIEW TRUMP'S BOMBING OF SYRIA - HOW FITTING IS THAT? HE IS ONE OF THE BEGETTERS AND THE MAIN BENEFIC by John Chuckman 2 comments Recommended Threads The highest-rated threads (minimum ten votes): This Is What Waterboarding Looks Like by David Corn 56 comments 44313 reads Barking Mad by Mike Whitney 28 comments 26465 reads Police Spying in the Birthplace of the First Amendment by Dave Lindorff 11 comments 15368 reads Shame on Us All by Robert Parry 44 comments 17910 reads David Kuo's Book "Tempting Faith": The Author's Agenda, the Authoritarian Behavior He Reports, And the White House's Response by John W. Dean 34 comments 116897 reads Olbermann Special Commentary Nov. 1 by Barry Ragin 28 comments 28628 reads Housing Bubble Smack-down by Mike Whitney 30 comments 29021 reads At Least We Aren't Nazis! by Pamela Troy 10 comments 15784 reads An Important Story You Didn't See by Stephen Pizzo 34 comments 28575 reads Why I Love Santa by Cenk Uygur 9 comments 12842 reads Delusions of victory by Sidney Blumenthal 20 comments 14795 reads The Public Housing Struggle in New Orleans: A Tale of Two Sisters by Bill Quigley 3 comments 12753 reads Saddam is Dead by punkmonksf 34 comments 43658 reads The 2006 WTF? Awards! by Ed Naha 8 comments 13514 reads Olbermann: Special comment about â€˜sacrificeâ€™ by sofazappa 9 comments 12720 reads Socialism Smirking Chimp on Facebook Upcoming events no upcoming events available more Browse archives « May 2017   Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31       Follow us Become a fan Subscribe Search Advertisement The Daily Chimp Links to our front-page articles, emailed to you once a day. E-mail: Subscribe Unsubscribe Previous issues Syndicate Blogroll Blogs Alan Bisbort Alicublog Americablog Andrew Bard Schmookler Atrios Bad Attitudes Barry Lando Barry Yourgrau Barbara O'Brien Bartcop Blog Report Bob Geiger Booman Tribune BTC News Chris Floyd Cliff Schecter Crooks and Liars Culture Kitchen Daily Kos Dave Lindorff David Corn David Sirota David Swanson Demosthenes Digby Ed Naha Ed Tant Firedoglake Greg Palast Hal O'Boyle James Wolcott Jayne Lyn Stahl Jesus' General Joe Bageant Josh Marshall Len Hart Liberal Oasis Making Light Media Is A Plural My Left Wing Pierre Tristam PM Carpenter Political Junkies RJ Eskow Riverbend Roger Ailes Rude Pundit Russ Baker Sadly, No Scholars & Rouges Scott Shuster Seeing The Forest Skippy Stephen Elliott Stephen Pizzo Steve Gilliard Susie Madrak Ted Rall Timothy Gatto William Fisher Worldwide Sawdust Advocacy Mesothelioma Treatment News & Commentary AlterNet Antiwar.com Black Agenda Report Black Commentator Buffalo Beast BuzzFlash Consortium News Common Dreams CounterPunch Crisis Papers Democratic Underground Democrats.com Dissident Voice Drudge Retort In These Times The Huffington Post MediaChannel The Nation The Progressive The Washington Monthly Scoop TomPaine.com Truthdig Truthout Virtual Citizens Working For Change Radio & TV The Young Turks Thom Hartmann Who's online There are currently 2 users and 27 guests online. Online users H. C. Jack Shaftoe habeus corpses   100 Most Recent Threads | Topics & Issues | Events | Polls | Chimp 1.0 Home | Top About | Contact | Advertise | Shop | Donate Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011 Smirking Chimp Media bot trap
Business Home LBoard DAP wants minister to apologise, withdraw claim sacked lawmaker a bankrupt Richard T.W. Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce AFP | May 14, 2017 Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. NEW YORK: Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon’s success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. “It’s because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life,” she told AFP. “Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy’s, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don’t have a connection with any of them throughout the day.” Shopping spree Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart’s objective is to become a go-to place online for “essential” products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children’s toys. “We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. “We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount.” Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program customers can also pick up orders below $35 for free if they go to one of Wal-Mart’s 4,700 US stores. Amazon keeps edge These efforts may cut into Amazon’s lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. “They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival,” said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. “I don’t see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it’s still very early,” he said. The vigor of Wal-Mart’s online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is “the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway,” Donoghue said. “I don’t think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player.” For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart’s $230 million. That’s in spite of Wal-Mart’s far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story US-China trade pact: A Trump triumph or rehashed news? North Korea test-fires missile in bid to test South, US ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Najib may allow IWH-CREC back in Bandar Malaysia Headmistress transferred for refusing teacher entry into… Big Foot scare has villagers hiding indoors after dark China’s Xi suggests Malaysia has… Why are we practically begging Chinese to develop Bandar… Tycoon accuses IRB of bullying tactics Investigator lodges report over JJPTR investment scheme Mum dies in accident but unborn baby saved Pakatan leaders must speak up for secular rule, says Zaid AG: MACC probe into SRC funds to PM ending within a month ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Islam liberal dan agamawan bawah tempurung Why are we practically begging Chinese to develop Bandar Malaysia? The MCA’s dangerous dance with the CCP Apabila rakyat hilang sokongan parti-parti politik Najib Razak’s magic Wanda fails to cast its spell The never-ending saga that is Bandar Malaysia More... FMT Bahasa Hanya Sultan Selangor boleh pecat exco kami, kata PAS Khairy sambut baik kerjasama Umno-PAS tapi bimbang hubungan BN FAM: Nelo Vingada ‘The Professor’ bimbing Harimau Malaya Kastam KLIA tumpas penyeludupan 330 kura-kura bernilai RM1.2 juta Bos Malaysiakini didakwa atas video kritik peguam negara Jangan jadi kartun di Selangor, Mahfuz beritahu PAS More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 69° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 69° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Building Report for May 4-10 May 15, 2017 at midnight BUILDING REPORT This is a listing of building permits issued by the city of Victoria from May 4 to May 10 for new commercial, commercial remodeling, new residential construction and manufactured homes. Commercial • Satish Suthur, permit for Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Subway, 9002 N. Navarro St., $15,000. • Charles Slaten, with Twin Pines North, 1301 Mallette Drive, $30,000. • Stephen Roth, with Roth Construction, Inc., permit for Mt. Nebo Baptist Church, 704 E. Park Avenue, $279,086. Residential • Ernest Innocenti, with Ideal Aluminum Siding and Roofing Co., Inc., permit for Jim Busby, 103 Green Way, $12,840. • Steve Klein, with Landmark Residential Construction, 247 Cobble Stone Court, $153,000. Manufactured Homes • A-1 Homes, permit for Laurie Padrone, 810 Levis Road, $45,150. Building values listed are based on averages used by the city to assess fees charged builders for construction permits. The estimated costs do not necessarily reflect actual sale values or values used to figure property taxes. The city requires permits to be issued when new or used mobile homes are moved to or within the city. RELATED Make plans to avoid loneliness Teacher deserves respect, not defiance Food service inspections Building Report for April 27 to May 3 Should U.S. have dropped massive bomb? -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 52  Sheriff's office executes drug raid 36  Teacher deserves respect, not defiance 17  1 person killed in Jackson County wreck 15  Victoria cancer patient remembered 14  18-year-old killed in all-terrain vehicle wreck Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
Trending: SEAN SPICER JAMES COMEY MATT HARVEY OBAMACARE JORDAN EDWARDS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: SEAN SPICER JAMES COMEY MATT HARVEY OBAMACARE JORDAN EDWARDS New York Daily News entertainment Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow Us App Subscriptions Subscribe GET THE NEWS Whether on your phone or delivered to your doorstep, the Daily News brings you award-winning coverage of the latest in news, sports, entertainment and more. Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer Golf College More Sports Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Share This facebook Tweet email Travis Scott arrested after Arkansas concert Travis Scott arrested after Arkansas concert BY Rachel Desantis NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Sunday, May 14, 2017, 3:54 PM facebook Tweet email Scott was arrested Saturday in Arkansas for inciting a riot. (Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Coachella) BY Rachel Desantis NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Sunday, May 14, 2017, 3:54 PM Kylie Jenner must have a thing for bad boys. Rapper Travis Scott, Jenner's newest beau, was arrested at his concert in Arkansas Saturday night for inciting a riot, TMZ reports. The Houston-bred singer, 25, was met by several police officers at the conclusion of his concert at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion and booked for inciting a riot, endangering welfare of a minor and disorderly conduct after he urged audience members to rush the stage. There were several reported injuries, including a security guard and a cop, though a source tells TMZ Scott was just attempting to fill empty space he spotted near the front of the venue and meant no harm. Kylie Jenner’s new beau Travis Scott sued by former managers Travis Scott has been spotted with reality TV star Kylie Jenner. (Bob Levey/Getty Images) The "Antidote" singer was released without bail the same night, but this is the second time he's been busted for sparking a riot. In 2015, he was nabbed while performing at the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago after encouraging the large crowd to rush the stage and push through security barricades. He later pleaded guilty to reckless conduct charges. Such behavior is common at Scott's shows, and earlier this month, the rapper found himself in hot water after he urged a fan to jump from a third story balcony at a show in New York. The "Goosebumps" singer is currently courting reality TV starlet and makeup mogul Kylie Jenner, and the two have been spotted out and about together in multiple cities. Last month, they got cozy courtside at a Houston Rockets game. Tags: kylie jenner travis scott arkansas Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Stripe Hype About Videos News Editorials Fantasy All-Time Lists Free Agency Draft Schedule Shop MoreMore Write for us Tickets Facebook Twitter Sep 29, 2016; Cincinnati, OH, USA; Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam Jones (24) against the Miami Dolphins at Paul Brown Stadium. The Bengals won 22-7. Mandatory Credit: Aaron Doster-USA TODAY Sports Bengals not favored in both games against Pittsburgh Steelers by Emile Pierce Editorials Who Dey notes: Bengals’ Lewis on Adam Jones, breakout players by Emile Pierce2 hours agoFollow @wurdzpoet Tweet Share x GPlus Pin Comment Adam Jones has to watch his public persona and Marvin Lewis has something to say. Three Bengals are set to have a breakout season. Yes, the subject is getting old. But, to the dismay of Bengals fan, it just won’t go away. Adam Jones has been in the news recently for the same incident. When his Rolls-Royce was involved in an accident, Jones was seen in an Instagram post using profanity to describe what happened. Later, the young man that drove the other vehicle decided he wouldn’t accept Jones’ apology for his actions. Enough is enough. By this time, fans realize that the Bengals’ cornerback has a volatile temper. Time to let the natural flow of things take its course. Actually, if my $250,000 ride just got dinged, I’d probably drop a few bombs too. But, that’s not the problem. Jones has to know that anything he does is going to be scrutinized harder than the average Joe. If he cracks a fingernail in Walmart and shakes his hand, he’ll be accused of inciting a riot with the workers. At this point, Jones can do just about anything and come out on the losing end. He’s the equivalent of Andre the Giant or the Undertaker. Did I mention The Iron Sheik and Sgt. Slaughter? He is officially the NFL villain.  bengals Stripe Hype 1 dBengals not favored in both games against Pittsburgh Steelers More headlines around FanSided:1 d - NFL: Greatest undrafted free agent for each NFL team2d - Bengals should be set to rebound, compete in 20173d - Cincinnati Bengals: Early rookie predictions for 20174d - Bengals have to turn draft into winning product4d - NFL Madden 18: 10 NFL players who could grace the cover More News at Stripe Hype Before this gets redundant (look at the big word), Jones has been, um, warned by Marvin Lewis. Per ESPN, the bottom line is to chill out and control those outbreaks. “He’s got to continually work at that,” Lewis said. “He’s a passionate teammate for these guys, a diligent pro. He’s got to just continue to handle himself within the scope of day to day and be a great pro. He’s overcome his background, and it’s a day-to-day process. Most importantly, he’s at the point in his career where these things have to stay pointed towards football.” Just Chill Bro Jones is a competitor at heart and is driven by his emotions. But, how long will the Bengals be able to put up with the reaction of the fans? Adam is still wearing the Orange and Black. Yet, there’s only so much people will ignore. True. There may be a hint of partiality in covering Jones. But the quicker Jones realizes he’s got a target on his back, he’ll…change. Time To Recognize Bengals fans already know about the sleeping giants in Cincinnati. But, it’s time the rest of the league got schooled. Roy Cummings of Fanrag has chosen three players that will have a breakout year. But, they aren’t the names you may be thinking. Next: No Respect While the offense is all the talk at Queen City water coolers, the defense could be the unit that shines. First-year players rarely see playing time under Lewis. With these players being in the sophomore years, it could be just the right time for them to step up. If the X’s and O’s get on the same page, it could indeed be a year to remember.   Load Comments Top Stories Stripe Hype 5d agoBengals' Adam Jones loses temper after his car is wrecked Bleacher Report 1 d agoAdam 'Pacman' Jones Must Work to Improve Public Persona, Marvin Lewis Says Stripe Hype 2w agoNew Bengals Receiver John Ross Reacts To Being Drafted Stripe Hype 2w agoBengals Select John Ross Ninth Overall In The 2017 NFL Draft Newsletter Featured Products Fanatics $99.99Men's Nike Black Cincinnati Bengals Vapor Speed Fly Rush ... Fanatics $149.99Men's Nike Black Cincinnati Bengals Custom Game Jersey Fanatics $84.99Men's Nike Anthracite Cincinnati Bengals Salute to Servic... Your Cincinnati Bengals. Your inbox. Every Day. Build your own custom daily newsletter with updates on your favorite teams, sent directly to your inbox. Your privacy is safe with us. We’ll never pass along your email address to spammers, scammers, or the like. About About Masthead Press Openings Swag Stay Connected Our 300+ Sites Mobile Apps FanSided Daily Google Newsstand FanSided Deals Contact Technical Support Advertise Writer Application Tips Download our mobile apps Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile devices. © 2017 FanSided Inc. All Rights Reserved. FanSided Fandom 250 All NFL More NFL News » More NFL Mocks » View all All NFL Sites Topics All NFL Fantasy Football NFL Draft 2016 NFL Mock Drafts NFL Scouting Combine NFL Free Agency 2016 Super Bowl Ranking Starting QBs for Each Team Best NFL Player Born in Every State Fantasy Football More Daily Fantasy Football » More Fantasy Football » View all Fantasy Football Sites Topics All Fantasy Football Daily Fantasy Football Fantasy Football Video Start/Sit Advice Weekly Positional Rankings Email Newsletter NFL Draft More NFL Draft 2017 » More Mock Drafts » View all NFL Draft Sites Topics All NFL Draft Mock Drafts Souting Reports 2017 NFL Draft 2016 NFL Draft Souting Combine 2017 Mock Draft NFL Spin Zone More All Spin Zone » More Fantasy Football » View all NFL Spin Zone Sites Topics NFL Video NFL Draft AFC NFC Fantasy Football Write for Us Best NFL Player Born in Every State NFL Playoffs More NFL Playoffs » More Super Bowl » View all NFL Playoffs Sites Topics NFL Playoffs Superbowl Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated More SI Top Stories » More Extra Mustard » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Features Magazine MMQB Swim SI Now SI Wire SI Longform Campush Rush The Cauldrin 120 Sports Tweet Share Pin GPlus Comment ' Search for: 'Search FanSided Bengals' Adam Jones loses temper after his car is wrecked by Tino Bovenzi Adam 'Pacman' Jones Must Work to Improve Public Persona, Marvin Lewis Says by Adam Wells New Bengals Receiver John Ross Reacts To Being Drafted by Tino Bovenzi Fandom 250 All NFL Fantasy Football NFL Draft NFL Spin Zone NFL Playoffs Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated About/Contact Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App
Home Weather 78° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close FBI: Here's what Tenn. teacher accused of abducting student did on the run Anita Wadhwani, USA TODAY NETWORK , KPNX 7:46 PM. MST May 14, 2017 Tad Cummins mug shot  (Photo: Custom) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Tad Cummins will remain in custody as the case against him goes to a grand jury, federal Judge Barbara Holmes ruled Friday, saying he was both a flight risk and a danger to the community. Authorities say Cummins, a former Columbia, Tenn., teacher, manipulated his former student, 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, and spent 38 days on the run with her. An Amber Alert was issued, drawing national attention to the case before a citizen's tip led law enforcement agents to Cummins and Elizabeth in California. At the two-hour hearing on Friday, Cummins, dressed in striped prison garb, remained silent until after the judge's ruling, but turned to mouth "I love you" to his two daughters, father and sister. In brief comments outside the downtown Nashville courthouse, Cummins' attorney Dumaka Shabazz said his family does not condone Cummins' actions but still supports and loves him. The hearing provided the first detailed day-by-day account of the cross-country trip that began March 13, when Cummins picked Thomas up from a Shoney’s restaurant in Columbia, Tenn. FBI special agent Utley Noble testified about the sequence of events, culled from their investigation, store videos, motel receipts and Cummins' interviews with law enforcement. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has a confirmed sighting of Tad Cummins, 50, and Elizabeth Thomas, 15, at a Walmart on East Interstate 240 near Service Road in Oklahoma City on March 15.   (Photo: Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, Custom) The plan to flee The week before, Cummins had met with Thomas at the restaurant parking lot to plan their departure. Cummins had also visited websites about teenage marriages, searched for mattresses that would fit inside his Nissan Rogue and watched a YouTube video on how to dismantle a car GPS system. On the day he left, he cleaned out a lockbox in his home of $4,500 and two guns and left his wife a note saying he was heading to Virginia Beach or maybe Washington, D.C., to “clear my mind of this crap.” Cummins was being investigated at the time for inappropriate behavior with Thomas. After picking Thomas up at the Shoney’s parking lot on March 13, Cummins drove south on Interstate 65 and headed to Decaturville, Ala., where he and Thomas each threw their cell phones into the Tennessee River. Cummins dismantled his in-car GPS system and replaced his license plate with an Alabama tag taken from an abandoned car. He then drove the pair to Birmingham before spending their first night in Mississippi. New identities out West From Mississippi, Cummins headed northwest to Oklahoma City for the night, where the pair were caught on surveillance video at a Walmart, although authorities would not see the video until two weeks later. They spent two nights in Oklahoma at Super 8 motels before reaching Colorado, where they spent another two nights. In Cortez, Colo., Cummins bought a tablet from Walmart to be able to view news coverage about Thomas’ disappearance. It’s in Colorado that Cummins decided on pseudonyms and new identities for the pair. They become a married couple, 40-year-old John and 24-year-old Joanne Castro. Cummins told investigators he chose a Spanish-sounding name because he planned to go to Mexico. Heading west, they spend three or four nights in Utah, a night in Nevada and then landed in San Diego where Cummins purchased a $1,500 two-seater kayak to boat into Mexico. But those plans went awry when they tested the kayak in Coronado Bay and found it   too treacherous. It was there that the pair had their first contact with an unidentified local law enforcement officer whom they spoke to about boating in the area, and who kept watch for them when they returned. “According to Cummins, he was worried about their safety,” Noble said. Cummins decided against heading to Mexico by land, saying the political environment made it “too hot.” Instead they drove to “Slab City” in southern California where Cummins slept with his gun because he was concerned about their safety. Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas were found in the small, forested California hamlet of Cecilville, in a12- by 12-foot wood cabin.   (Photo: Record Searchlight, Custom) Tipster identifies Cummins and Thomas They then drove north, stopping in Los Angeles to sell the kayak at a bar. By the time they reached Cecilville in northern California, Cummins was running out of money. They acquired a “friend” named Griffin who gave them some money and gasoline. Griffin Barry would later be instrumental — and rewarded — in Cummins' capture, but when he first met Cummins and Thomas, he did not know who they were. After two weeks spent at a nearby commune, where they stayed in a cabin, Cummins and Thomas were asked to leave. He and Thomas found Barry again. By then, however, Barry had recognized Cummins and “began interacting with law enforcement.” Barry was asked to obtain the car’s vehicle identification number so police could confirm their identities. Cummins was captured the next day and Thomas was recovered safely. The first thing Cummins said when law enforcement interviewed him was “I want to go home,” Noble said. Cummins was initially charged April 20 with a federal crime of knowingly transporting a minor in interstate commerce with the intent to engage in sexual activity. Cummins has not yet been indicted and could face additional charges.  © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Body found in desert is missing Vail teen Phoenix teen killed while helping with stalled car Man shot to death 2 in custody Owner's dog adopted to another family Wedding disasters caught on camera Extended interview with Tarra Simmons 17 people hurt in 24 vehicle crash The Drug Whisperer Valley mom killed by alleged drunk driver Eat at your own risk More Stories 41 involved in multi-vehicle crash on southbound I-17 May 14, 2017, 6:33 p.m. Phoenix mom unexpectedly celebrates first Mother's Day May 14, 2017, 6:04 p.m. D-Backs catcher hospitalized after hit in face by… May 13, 2017, 3:59 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Water Safety Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Show Updates   People News   TV Ratings News   Entertainment News   RealityTVDB   POP Hollywood   Spoiler News Features & Interviews   Sexy Social Pics of the Day   Things to Know Profiles   Message Boards   Shows Listing The Amazing Race American Grit American Idol America's Got Talent America's Next Top Model The Apprentice Bachelor in Paradise The Bachelor The Bachelorette Big Brother The Biggest Loser Counting On Dance Moms Dancing with the Stars First Dates Flip or Flop Hell's Kitchen Hunted Keeping Up with the Kardashians Kicking & Screaming Married at First Sight MasterChef MasterChef Junior Pawn Stars Project Runway The Real Housewives Shark Tank So You Think You Can Dance Survivor Teen Mom Top Chef The Voice World of Dance More Shows HOME > OTHER ENTERTAINMENT NEWS > NEWS Rapper Travis Scott arrested for inciting riot at Arkansas content UPI News Service, 05/14/2017  Rapper Travis Scott, Kylie Jenner's new boyfriend, was arrested for inciting a riot at his concert Saturday night in Arkansas, authorities said. ADVERTISEMENT Scott, 25, whose real name is Jacques Webster, "encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure concertgoer safety," the Rogers Police Department told US magazine. Scott was charged with inciting a riot, endangering the welfare of a minor and disorderly conduct after his performance at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, Ark. He was released without bail. TMZ reported Scott's representatives said he was inviting people seated in the back to available space in the front. Police said several people were injured as the crowd rushed to the stage, including a security guard and a member of the police department. The injuries were treated at the scene by the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical and no one was hospitalized. Scott also was arrested during a 2015 performance at Lollapalooza in Chicago after encouraging fans to jump over security barricades during his set. Scott recently made headlines when he celebrated his 25th birthday in New York with Jenner. The reality television star was spotted presenting the "Goosebumps" singer with a cake and then later seen "sneaking in a passionate make-out" session. << PRIOR STORY Jim Parsons weds longtime companion Todd Spiewak NEXT STORY >> Powers Boothe, renowned character actor, dies at 68 Get more Reality TV World! Follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook or add our RSS feed. Copyright 2017 United Press International, Inc. (UPI). Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent. 'The Amazing Race' and 'Elementary' renewed by CBS Lilli Passero on 'The Voice': I had a gut feeling my time was up, landing in the bottom was overwhelming 'Dancing with the Stars' spoilers: Competition heats up as four couples dance twice, Cheryl Burke returns! Mark Isaiah talks 'The Voice': I was really working twice as hard as everybody else on the show Exclusive: Sierra Dawn Thomas talks 'Survivor' (Part 2): It's crazy Aubry Bracco & Cirie Fields haven't turned on Andrea Boehlke Adriana Lima to host new 'American Beauty Star' competition on Lifetime Bindi Irwin denies mom Terri is dating Russell Crowe Bonner Bolton asks 'Dancing with the Stars' celeb Normani Kordei out on a date -- She's beautiful, "it'd be an honor" Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi reportedly looking in live in Los Angeles, spotted apartment-hunting Jenna Dewan: My daughter Everly loves to dance PAID CONTENT 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' tops weekend movie box office with $63 million Portugal's Sobral wins 2017 Eurovision Song Contest Paris Jackson: "I'm usually naked when I garden" 'Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and the Notorious B.I.G.' ordered to series by USA '2 Broke Girls' canceled by CBS after six seasons Emilie de Ravin: I won't appear in Season 7 of 'Once Upon a Time' Pierce Brosnan's 'The Son' western renewed for second season by AMC Jason Bateman says he's signed up for more 'Arrested Development' NBC reverses position, renews 'Timeless' for second season after cancellation 'The Exorcist' to return for a second season on FOX 'Will & Grace' revival teaser hints at musical episode Melissa McCarthy spotted driving a motorized podium as Sean Spicer Take Our User Survey Page generated Mon May 15, 2017 2:47 am in 0.81587982177734 seconds About Reality TV World   •   Advertise on Reality TV World  •   Contact Reality TV World  •   Privacy Policy   •   RSS Feed Top Shows:  The Amazing Race · American Idol · America's Got Talent · America's Next Top Model · The Apprentice · Bachelor Pad · The Bachelor · The Bachelorette · Big Brother · The Biggest Loser · Breaking Amish · Dance Moms · Dancing with the Stars · Duck Dynasty · Extreme Makeover · Fashion Star · Hell's Kitchen · Here Comes Honey Boo Boo · Jersey Shore · Jon & Kate Plus 8 · Keeping Up with the Kardashians · MasterChef · Pawn Stars · Project Runway · The Real Housewives · The Real World · Shark Tank · So You Think You Can Dance · Survivor · Swamp People · Teen Mom · Top Chef · The Voice · The X Factor The Bachelor:  Bachelor 17 · Bachelor 16 · Bachelor 15 · Bachelor 14 · Bachelor 13 · Bachelor 12 · Bachelor 11 · Bachelor 10 · Bachelor 9 · Bachelor 8 · Bachelor 7 · Bachelor 6 · Top Model:  Top Model 20 · Top Model 19 · Top Model 18 · Top Model 17 · Top Model 16 · Top Model 15 · Top Model 14 · Top Model 13 · Top Model 12 · Top Model 11 · Top Model 10 · Top Model 9 · All logos and trademarks presented are property of their respective owner. All site content is © 2000-2016 Reality TV World and may not be republished or reproduced without Reality TV World's expressed written permission. This website has been solely developed and presented by Reality TV World, and is in no way authorized or connected with any network, station affiliate, or broadcasting sponsor. Page read in 0.0083098411560059 seconds
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Myles Udland Yahoo Finance May 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The U.S. major stock indexes last week closed little-changed, with the Dow and S&P 500 losing some ground and the tech-heavy Nasdaq rallying. Save but for an early Thursday sell-off that was eventually wiped out by that day’s close, there was little market action to write home about. And yet this calm in the major averages masked what was still a week full of headlines in the business and political worlds. Snap’s (SNAP) first quarterly earnings report as a public company missed expectations and the stock tanked. Retail names got decimated as Nordstrom (JWN), Macy’s (M), J.C. Penney (JCP), and Kohl’s (KSS) all plummeted after earnings. The XRT ETF which tracks the retail sector lost almost 3% during the week. Meanwhile, the week’s biggest economic data points — retail sales and inflation in April — missed expectations, while consumer confidence topped estimates. And President Donald Trump tweeted. And fired FBI director James Comey. View photos This week, the economic calendar is almost barren, with only a few pieces of housing market data worth noting early on. The political schedule, as always, remains unpredictable, but markets have more or less moved on. Major earnings reports due out this week will still keep the spotlight on retail and the U.S. consumer. Headline reports expected out are from Home Depot (HD), Walmart (WMT), TJ Maxx parent TJX (TJX), The Gap (GPS), Ross Stores (ROST), and Ralph Lauren (RL). Major tech earnings next week include Cisco (CSCO) and salesforce.com (CRM). We noted at the beginning of April that the “Trump trade” had evaporated in markets and that in time investors would return to focusing on things like earnings and economic growth. And here we are. Influential finance writer and CEO of Ritholtz Wealth Management Josh Brown went even further in a post published on Friday, however. “There never was a real ‘Trump Trade,'” Brown wrote. “I’m sorry if this is like hearing there’s no Santa Claus.” And as we wrote this week, the idea that a major tax cut will boost economic growth the way the administration hopes is likely misguided anyway. Through time, markets will get excited about lots of things — political shifts, new economic paradigms, wars, etc. Many of these fail to knock stocks off a long-term trajectory of moving higher, usually. View photos Economic calendar Monday: Empire State manufacturing index, May (7.5 expected; 5.2 previously); Homebuilder sentiment, May (68 expected; 68 previously) Tuesday: Housing starts, April (+3.7% expected; -6.8% previously); Building permits, April (+0.2% expected; +3.6% previously); Industrial production, April (+0.4% expected; +0.5% previously) Wednesday: No major economic data. Thursday: Initial jobless claims (240,000 expected; 236,000 previously); Philadelphia Fed manufacturing, May (18.5 expected; 22 previously); Leading index of economic indicators, April (+0.4 expected; +0.4% previously) Friday: No major economic data. What corporate America is saying We’re almost done with first quarter earnings reports. According to Goldman Sachs’ new quarterly “Beige Book” — styled on the Federal Reserve’s collection of economic anecdotes published under the same name — the U.S. corporate sector during the first quarter saw three major trends get the most commentary from executives: growth, regulation, and labor costs. “Management teams were mixed in their assessment of whether a much-discussed rekindling of animal spirits since the election has led to a tangible increase in demand,” Goldman writes. “Most management teams recognized an improvement in sentiment and growth expectations, but many said they have not yet seen evidence that improving sentiment is translating into increased business activity.” Read More In the first quarter, GDP growth came in at just 0.7%, a disappointing print after the economy grew at its slowest pace in five years in 2016. After the election, we noted that the term “animal spirits,” or a boost in confidence among corporates, was permeating commentary across the business sector. The problem with animal spirits is that until decisions are made to actually invest more money, hire more workers, or buy other businesses, they remain just spirits. Or as executives at AT&T (T) said on their first quarter call, “U.S. business investment as a percent of GDP continues to be low. Growth expectations in the economy have been rising, but we’ve yet to see that translate into economic gains or demand… the near-term view is cautious.” View photos AT&T Inc. CEO Randall StephensonMore The story on regulation was much the same as economic growth: we’re hearing a lot about it, but not sure how much that will mean for business. “We would have expected sometime over the last couple weeks to have gotten clarity,” said Visa executives during their call held in late April. “There was supposed to be clarity no later than the end of March on the next chapter of regulation or guidance in terms of how things would have to go forward. And there hasn’t been, and we’ve been told that it will be delayed likely into early May.” On Friday, the Trump administration announced that the U.S. and China agreed to take steps by mid-July to, among other things, allow more access for U.S. companies to provide credit rating services in China. This deal could help Visa. Other industries, however, did see concrete changes on deregulation, with executives at Boeing (BA) saying, “The overall focus on deregulation and simplifying processes is one that we’ve been a strong proponent for. And the administration has been very engaged across government agencies and with industry to find ideas and ways and opportunities to simplify and streamline. Things like FAA certification processes is one place that we’re seeing some solid progress.” A dominant economic theme over the last couple years has been the increase in wages for U.S. workers. And while wage increases are still disappointing to some economists, corporates are definitely starting to see the effects on their bottom lines, with Goldman writing that a “growing chorus” of corporate executives noted the increase in labor costs during the first quarter. Both American Airlines (AAL) and Southwest (LUV) noted higher labor costs, with American executives saying, “Once you start making money, you’ll give more to labor than you did when you were making less money, and they’ll take some of the upside that should go to shareholders… This is getting to a level of compensation across the industry that needed to occur.” View photos Commentary from hospital operator Universal Health Services (UHS), however, perhaps sounds most like what economists looking for signs of inflation would be on the lookout for. “The current expense load does incorporate some investment in solving the labor shortage problem,” the firm said, “meaning in wage increases in certain markets that we’ve had to make to be competitive.” And that’s really what’s at the crux of wage increases: can you maintain competitiveness at your current talent level and rate of turnover, or will it take something else for your firm to be competitive? — Myles Udland is a writer at Yahoo Finance. Follow him on Twitter @MylesUdland Read more from Myles here: How Trump can fix the most persistent problem in the U.S. economy This is the moment America met Warren Buffett Jamie Dimon thinks America’s ‘secret sauce’ is at risk Here’s what’s next for stocks now that the Trump trade is over Why you should always be ready for a big, scary stock market sell-off Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Associated Press Do Any White House Staffers Want to Speak for Trump? Based on the Sunday Shows, Apparently Not Newsweek Trump Firing James Comey Could Permanently Alter American Democracy, Experts Say Newsweek Does God Exist? Some Scientists Think They Have Proof Newsweek GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance ICE Agent Tried to Apprehend a 4th-Grader but Was Turned Away by the School Yahoo Beauty The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Warren Buffett says if you want steady reliable returns, this instrument 'makes the most sense' CNBC Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video Stocks waver as retail wreck rolls on Yahoo Finance Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Entertainment News Rapper Travis Scott arrested for inciting riot at Arkansas content By Mike Bambach   |   May 14, 2017 at 9:07 PM Follow @upishowbiz Comments May 14 (UPI) -- Rapper Travis Scott, Kylie Jenner's new boyfriend, was arrested for inciting a riot at his concert Saturday night in Arkansas, authorities said. Scott, 25, whose real name is Jacques Webster, "encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure concertgoer safety," the Rogers Police Department told US magazine. Scott was charged with inciting a riot, endangering the welfare of a minor and disorderly conduct after his performance at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, Ark. He was released without bail. TMZ reported Scott's representatives said he was inviting people seated in the back to available space in the front. Police said several people were injured as the crowd rushed to the stage, including a security guard and a member of the police department. The injuries were treated at the scene by the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical and no one was hospitalized. Scott also was arrested during a 2015 performance at Lollapalooza in Chicago after encouraging fans to jump over security barricades during his set. Scott recently made headlines when he celebrated his 25th birthday in New York with Jenner. The reality television star was spotted presenting the "Goosebumps" singer with a cake and then later seen "sneaking in a passionate make-out" session. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Jay Z inks new deal extending partnership with Live Nation Steve McQueen to direct authorized Tupac Shakur documentary Lonzo Ball raps about police brutality, diamonds, the 'Lion King' Comments Topics: Kylie Jenner Trending 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards winners Next Article Jim Parsons weds longtime companion Todd Spiewak Latest Headlines Powers Boothe, renowned character actor, dies at 68 3 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- Powers Boothe, a renowned character actor who won an Emmy for his portrayal of cult leader Jim Jones, died Sunday at his home in Los Angeles. He was 68. Mary Elizabeth Winstead splits from husband Riley Stearns 13 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- "Fargo" and "BrainDead" actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announced via Instagram that she and her husband, writer Riley Stearns, are ending their marriage. Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively stop by 'SNL' as Melissa McCarthy hosts for the 5th time 14 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- Married stars Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds made a surprise appearance on this weekend's edition of "Saturday Night Live." Paul McCartney confirms 'Pirates of the Caribbean' cameo with movie poster 14 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- British rock 'n' roll icon Paul McCartney has confirmed he will appear in the next "Pirates of the Caribbean" adventure. 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' tops the North American box office with $63M 14 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" is the No. 1 movie in North America for a second weekend, earning an additional $63 million in receipts. Trending Stories CBS cancels '2 Broke Girls' after six seasons Bonner Bolton shares crush on 'DWTS' star: 'She is just so beautiful' Portugal's Sobral wins 2017 Eurovision Song Contest Paris Jackson says in Instagram post: 'I'm usually naked when I garden' Emilie de Ravin says she won't appear in Season 7 of 'Once Upon a Time' IN PHOTOS Emma Watson Serena Williams Ryan Reynolds Lady Gaga Burt Reynolds Tyra Banks Victoria Beckham Mariah Carey Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 64° Low 58° High 84° Fayetteville 53° Low 56° High 79° Bentonville 61° Low 57° High 79° See complete forecast Rapper Travis Scott Arrested After Concert At Walmart AMP Posted 2:29 pm, May 14, 2017, by Jordan Tidwell, Updated at 03:00PM, May 14, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Courtesy: Getty Images × Rapper Travis Scott Arrested After Concert At Walmart AMP Courtesy: Getty Images BENTON COUNTY (KFSM) — Travis Scott was arrested on Saturday night (May 13) after his concert at the Walmart AMP, a jailer with the Benton County Detention Center said. Scott was booked in the jail at 11:14 p.m. and released at 11:26 p.m. Scott encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure safety, Keith Foster with the Rogers Police Department said. Foster said several people were injured during the rush, including an employee from the security company hired to help monitor and control the crowd and a member of the police department. They were treated at the AMP by members of the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical. He is facing charges of endangering a minor, disorderly conduct and inciting a riot. Scott is a rapper, recording artist and producer. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 1 Comment objectivefodder Didn’t the Beatles have trouble with this 50 years ago? Let the artists perform. The man did nothing but engage the audience. May 14, 2017 at 7:46 pm Reply Report comment Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Giant Sea Creature Washes Up On Island, Turns Water Red Arkansas State Police: Victims And Deputy Identified In Yell County Shooting Mother Of Four Dead After Collision On Zero Street In Fort Smith Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results UAFS Baseball Earns First-Ever Bid To National Tournament Mother’s Day Spending At All-Time High Arkansas Softball Receives Bid To NCAA Tournament Hero Police Dog Shot, Credited With Taking Bullet Meant For Officer, Sheriff Says News Blink-182 Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Boston Coming To Walmart AMP News Lady Antebellum To Perform At Walmart AMP With Kelsea Ballerini And Brett Young News Springdale Police Arrest Suspect In Arvest Bank Robbery News Victim Identified, Suspect Arrested In Benton County Homicide Investigation News Police Identify Driver, Pedestrians In Deadly Accident In Rogers Walmart Parking Lot News ‘The Bachelor’ Star Chris Soules Arrested After Deadly Accident; Victim Identified News Hank Williams Jr. Heads Back To Walmart AMP News Rascal Flatts Add Walmart AMP To Summer Tour Lineup News Benton County Woman Arrested After Allegedly Hitting Police Officer News Walmart AMP Offers $20 Ticket Special News Zac Brown Band Heading To Walmart AMP News Matchbox Twenty And Counting Crows Add Summer Tour Stop At Walmart AMP Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Home Celeb Breakups Plastic Surgery Gossip The Royals Hot News Join Our Team! CDL Music CDL Interviews CDL Movies CDL TV CDL Contests CDL Big Brother CDL Exclusive CDL Soaps   Prince William Furious Over Kate Middleton’s Scheming Selfishness Shown In ‘King Charles III’? Prince William is furious over the portrayal of Kate... Kelly Clarkson And Blake Shelton FaceTime: Should Gwen Stefani Be Worried? Should Gwen Stefani be concerned that Blake Shelton... Princess Beatrice Determined To Outpace Kate Middleton: Runs 5K Race Like A Champ Princess Beatrice is determined to outpace Kate Middleton,... SEE KRIS JENNER'S SAGGY BARE BREAST - WARNING GROSS! JUSTIN HARLEY SHARES THIS IS US SPOILERS! JENNIFER LAWRENCE FLASHES HUGE BRALESS CLEAVAGE! PHOTOS OF ANGELINA JOLIE VACATIONING WITH KIDS 5 BEST DOG MEMES - WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH THIS CELEB CAME OUT AS BISEXUAL EVERYONE IS SHOCKED SEE MORE OF JENNIFER ANISTON'S SAGGY BREAST PHOTOS Travis Scott Arrested: Kylie Jenner Can’t Catch A Break With Men BY Dr. Jody Overland on May 14, 2017 | Leave Comments Related : Celebrity Justice, Hot News, Kylie Jenner, Tyga Kylie Jenner is still not having luck in the dating department, and her new boyfriend Travis Scott is not helping matters. The reality star was hoping to move on from men who have legal and financial problems. It turns out that her new relationship with Travis Scott already is off to a rough start. It’s been reported that the rapper was arrested for causing chaos in front of a concert at Walmart. Travis performed in Rogers, Arkansas on Saturday night (May 13). As soon as he was done with his set, police officers met up with him, according to TMZ’s eyewitnesses. He was booked for causing a riot, endangering the welfare of a minor, and disorderly conduct. Rogers Police Dept. told TMZ that Travis was telling fans to rush his stage during his show. While he did not want to cause any harm, this does interfere with the security protocols. It looks like the rapper hasn’t learned. This isn’t the first time he’s been arrested for this kind of behavior. He was arrested at 2015 Lollapalooza in Chicago. He also told his fans to jump from their balconies during a concert in NYC. It seems to be the rapper’s thing to have his fans rush the stage and cause chaos at his shows. Kylie Jenner was not in attendance on Saturday night. It looks like she’s not having luck when it comes to picking guys. The two were reported to be dating after they were spotted getting cozy with each other at Coachella last month. Kylie Jenner took things further by posting a photo of herself with the rapper in an effort to make ex-boyfriend Tyga jealous. This latest report comes after Travis Scott was sued by ex-managers for millions in unpaid fees. It seems like she has a type. She likes rappers who don’t pay their bills. According to a previous TMZ report, Travis Scott signed a 3-year deal with LCAR Management in October 2014. The deal says that they would receive 15 percent of whatever he makes from his music, merchandise, shows, and more. Travis now owes them $2 million in unpaid fees. He’s only paid them $37,000. LCAR has been contacting Travis since 2015, but they only received letters from the rapper stating that he will pay them. Travis’ reps claim he felt like he was managing himself, so he left them for a better management company. He feels that he doesn’t owe them a dime since they didn’t hold up their end of the deal. Sources close to Travis Scott claim he believes the lawsuit is laughable. He doesn’t think LCAR Management needs any more money since Lyor Cohen, head of LCAR, is also the head of global music on YouTube. Travis Scott loves to show off his lavish lifestyle on social media. Kylie Jenner seems to have a thing for guys who have run-ins with the law and can’t pay their bills. Travis Scott, who is known for songs like “Antidote” and “3500,” has a reported net worth of $8 million while Tyga only has a reported net worth of $2 million. At least Travis Scott makes more money and is somewhat of a better known rapper. Let us know your thoughts, CDL readers. Do you think Kylie Jenner has a type when it comes to who she dates? Sound off below in the comments section and check back with CDL for all the Kylie Jenner news you can handle! Image Credit: Jedu/BACKGRID & FameFlynet RELATED POSTS Kylie Jenner Cheated On Tyga: Rapper Stitches Tells All About Alleged Hook-Up Kylie Jenner and Tyga Break-Up: Kardashians Cause Split – Kris Jenner and Kim Kardashian Thrilled Relationship Over Kylie Jenner and Tyga Back Together Already: New SnapChat Photos Say Yes! Kylie Jenner Humiliated – Kim Kardashian Freaks – Banishes Tyga After Teenage Texting Scandal (PHOTO) Kylie Jenner Engaged to Tyga: Accepts Engagement Ring, Refuses To Admit Marriage Coming Kylie Jenner Sex Tape Released By Tyga, Taken Down Immediately: Tyga Wants Revenge After Split? Kylie Jenner Confirmed Dating Tyga: Update New Photos As Couple Try to Hide On Hot Date Kylie Jenner Lets Tyga Move Into New Mansion – Is She Paying His Bills and Supporting Rapper Boyfriend? Miranda Lambert ENGAGED! See Giant Ring & Announcement! - TF Ryan Paevey Taking Break From General Hospital - SOS Angelina Jolie Reveals That Shiloh Laughed In Her Face - LG SEE KRIS JENNER'S SAGGY BARE BREAST - WARNING GROSS! - TF Kendall Jenner: Shocking New Display of Almost Nude Photos - TF Kim & Khloe Strip Down & Show Amazing Booty - Pics HERE! - TF JENNIFER LAWRENCE FLASHES HUGE BRALESS CLEAVAGE! - LG WOW! This Celeb Just Came Out As Bisexual- Everyone is Talking! - TF The Walking Dead Season 8 Spoilers: Andrew Lincoln Ready For Insane Season Ahead - OTT Russian Cat Runs For Parliament - Details HERE! - CAM More HOT Laundry! How to Avoid Exhaustion at Walt Disney World Resorts Tips for Taking a Disney Cruise Easy Turtle Skillet Cookie RECIPE Spicy Peanut Butter Noodles Snickers Cupcakes Recipe 20 Delicious Oreo Dessert Ideas Flower Bouquet Cupcake Recipe For Mother’s Day How To Make Your Cat Smile 6 Most Popular Dog Breeds Interesting Facts About ‘Pretty Little Liars’   Hayden Panettiere Talks Her Depression   Rare Photo Of Suri Cruise Celebrating With Mom   Angelina Jolie Storms Out On Brad Pitt Over His Baby With Jennifer Aniston   Jennifer Lopez has More Plastic Surgery (PHOTOS)   Isabella Cruise Dumps Scientology - Reconnects With Nicole Kidman   5 Of The Best Rides at Disney World   Crocodile Found Under Hotel Bed – PHOTOS   Kate Middleton News Kate Middleton news, photos, pictures, galleries and videos. Read More » Plastic Surgery Celebrity Cosmetic/Plastic Surgery news - before and after pictures Read More » Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny Are Gillian and David A Couple? We Have The Answer HERE! Read More » Kim Kardashian News Kim Kardashian photos, pictures, galleries and videos. Read More » Love & Romance Who's Dating, Who's Married, Who's In Love. Read More » Celeb Tattoos The Best and Worst Celebrity Tattoos Read More » Around The Web Around The World Robert Pattinson Angelina Jolie Kristen Stewart Kris Jenner Jennifer Aniston Kate Middleton Katie Holmes Miley Cyrus Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner   Home About Us PR/Advertising Links Writers Privacy Policy Contact Us Sitemap Copyright 2008 © - Celeb Dirty Laundry ™ part of the MLRP Media Group Robyn Good & Annemarie LeBlanc - Owners and Editors-In-Chief MENU Home Television Soap Opera The Royals Gossip News Music News
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REHAB PROJECT BEGINS MONDAY ON RT. 628 BOX CULVERT – Motorists detoured during four-month closure Next PostNext April 24-30: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts CAIR-MN Welcomes Conviction in Islamophobic Shooting of Somali-American Muslims New Zealand’s Maori culture takes centre stage at MEETINGS Boustead Securities Client ADOMANI Announces Initial Closing of its Regulation A+ Offering; Meets NASDAQ Capital Raise Requirement Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN CBS News May 14, 2017, 7:47 PM Travis Scott arrested and charged for inciting a riot at concert in Ark., police say Travis Scott performs onstage at the Maxim Super Bowl Party on February 5, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Getty Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email BENTON COUNTY, Ark. -- Rapper and producer Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night after his concert in northwest Arkansas, CBS affiliate KFSM reports. Police say that Scott, whose real name is Jacques Webster, was arrested after he encouraged fans to rush the stage and bypass security protocols. He faces charges of endangering a minor, disorderly conduct and inciting a riot. Scott was arrested at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion Saturday and booked at the Benton County Detention Center at 11:14 p.m. He was released at 11:26 p.m., a county official told KFSM. 65 Photos Scenes from Coachella 2017 The California music and arts festival this year features as headliners Radiohead, Lady Gaga and Kendrick Lamar Keith Foster of the Rogers Police Department says a security guard, a police officer and several others were injured at the concert. They were treated at the venue by members of the Rogers Fire Department and a local hospital. Authorities haven't released the conditions of the injured. Representatives for Scott did not immediately return CBS News' request for comment. Video posted to Twitter reportedly shows a crowd at the venue while Webster performed his 2014 single "Mamacita": Travis Scott arrested last night in Arkansas for inciting a riot. Here's a clip of him performing "mamacita". Wild. pic.twitter.com/qVZowzgFk0— ƒ ƒor ƒresh (@fforfresh) May 14, 2017 This isn't the first time Scott has been accused of encouraging a riot. In August of 2015, he was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct after performing one song at Lollapalooza festival in Chicago. Police said Webster urged fans to jump security barricades and storm the stage.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive wants the world to know At 97, Ben Ferencz is the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive and he has a far-reaching message for today’s world Creighton killings: Was revenge the motive behind Omaha stabbing deaths? Two double murders five years apart in quiet Omaha neighborhoods -- the trail would lead police to a local hospital and an unlikely suspect Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Curiosity The Bin Laden Documents James Comey Comey in 2014: FBI needs "independence" from politics From the archives: Who is Ali Soufan? Play Video James Comey Play Video The Bin Laden Documents Play Video Curiosity Play Video Global computer hack Play Video Comey fallout Play Video Comey replacement Play Video N. Korea missile test Play Video Inside Syria Play Video Maternity leave Previous Next 44 Photos Goldie Hawn 21 Photos Cancer family: Joined in illness 15 Photos Portraits of Johnny Mathis 60 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 29 Photos Pictures sure to make you smile Previous Next Most Discussed Trump fires FBI Director James Comey Yates: I warned W.H. that Flynn could be blackmailed Trump says Comey "better hope that there are no 'tapes'" of conversations Senate hearing on worldwide threats with acting FBI director -- live updates After Comey firing, top Dems want Russia documents kept from White House New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Weather 70° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Arkansas Police: Rapper Travis Scott arrested after concert performance KHOU.com Staff , KHOU 4:50 PM. CDT May 14, 2017 FILE PHOTO: INDIO, CA - APRIL 14: Travis Scott performs on the Coachella Stage during day 1 of the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival (Weekend 1) at the Empire Polo Club on April 14, 2017 in Indio, California.  (Photo: Christopher Polk/Getty Images for Coachella, 2017 Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST ROGERS, Arkansas - According to the Rogers Police Department, Houston rapper Travis Scott was arrested after performing at a concert Saturday evening. Police said during the concert at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion (AMP) Scott encouraged fans to rush the stage and bypass security protocols. Several people were reportedly injured including an officer and an employee from the security company hired for the event. Those injured were treated at the scene. Officers said Scott, who's given name is Jaques Webster, was charged with Inciting a Riot, Disorderly Conduct and Endangering the Welfare of a Minor. He was taken to the Benton County Sheriff's Office.  © 2017 KHOU-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Colton death investigation scene Off-duty deputies involved in deadly shooting Senators pass Sandra Bland Act JJ Watt Charity Classic softball game a success at Minute Maid Park Community focuses on faith after deadly house fire that killed 3 children The Drug Whisperer 9-year-old shot in south Houston 3 children killed in Montgomery Co. house fire Husband, wife accused of robbery in Cy-Fair Dallas couple's engagement shoot goes viral More Stories 9-year-old boy shot in south Houston May 14, 2017, 6:48 p.m. Church service offers prayers for victims of deadly… May 14, 2017, 6:55 p.m. Conroe couple facing animal cruelty charges in court… May 14, 2017, 11:22 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest DeVos deepens divide on school choice Some want to use choice to improve public schools and some want to allow tax money to flow to private schools Post to Facebook DeVos deepens divide on school choice Some want to use choice to improve public schools and some want to allow tax money to flow to private schools  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rftM65 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs DeVos deepens divide on school choice Geoff Mulvihill, Associated Press 4:56 p.m. ET May 14, 2017 President Donald Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos (Photo: Evan Vucci / AP) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE For two decades, a loose-knit group that includes some of the country’s wealthiest people has underwritten the political push for school choice, promoting ballot initiatives and candidates who favor competition for traditional public schools. But when a member of this elite group was elevated to education secretary, the appointment opened a philosophical schism that now threatens to shatter the alliance, turn billionaires against each other and possibly lead some school-choice advocates to join with teachers’ unions, their archenemies. Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from President Donald Trump’s administration that could offer parents federal dollars to send their children to private schools, including religious and for-profit institutions. “As much as we are aligned on change, we aren’t always aligned on how much change or how. Sometimes we fight,” said Derrell Bradford, executive vice president of the school-reform group 50CAN. The movement has been cleaved into two camps: those who want to use choice to improve public schools and others, like Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who want to go further by allowing tax money to flow to private schools through vouchers, government-funded scholarships or corporate tax credits. The differences that once seemed minor are at the heart of a potential seismic shift in the school-choice movement. School-choice programs were first proposed in the 1950s by Nobel Prize-winning free-market economist Milton Friedman. Since the beginning of this century, they have grown quickly, although the overwhelming majority of students still attend traditional public schools. Thirty states plus Washington, D.C., have some combination of vouchers, government-subsidized education savings accounts or tax credits that help families afford private-school tuition or encourage private groups to fund scholarships, according to EdChoice, an advocacy group founded by Friedman and his wife. Still, less than 1 percent of children in kindergarten through high school used vouchers to attend private schools in 2015. Just 5 percent of students were in charter schools that year, when charters were operating in more than 40 states. That’s up from about 3 percent in 2008, according to the Department of Education. Charter schools are public but in several states are not held to the same accountability standards as traditional schools, which in theory gives them more freedom to innovate. When standardized test scores of children who switched to charter schools or used vouchers are compared with those of students who remained in traditional public schools, some results have been promising. Other studies have shown little effect or even worse outcomes. The biggest donors Wal-Mart’s Walton family, Los Angeles billionaire Eli Broad and the father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates have been some of the largest political contributors to the school-reform movement, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of campaign-finance records compiled by the National Institute on Money in State Politics and state campaign-finance regulators. Microsoft’s Bill Gates avoids political contributions. His family’s massive foundation — which his father, Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs — is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. The elder Gates contributes personally as well. In the past, contributions have flowed to reform-minded groups regardless of whether they supported public charter schools, vouchers for private schools or a combination. Now those funders are beginning to split into competing camps. Groups such as Stand for Children, which pushes for charter schools among other educational changes, are being more vocal now because “the level of ambition of the efforts to expand vouchers is so high,” said Jonah Edelman, co-founder and chief executive, who called the voucher proposals “a dramatic effort to undermine public education.” Edelman, whose organization receives part of its funding from Walton, Broad and Gates-related charities and family members, said his group will fight any administration effort to promote vouchers nationwide. Stand for Children has worked with teachers unions in the past on state-level measures to provide more money for schools and raise teacher pay. But its calls for more charters often put it at odds with the unions, which are powerful political entities in many states. The American Federation of Teachers has had conversations with some charter school advocates it has opposed in the past about coordinating to fight a national voucher program, said Randi Weingarten, president of the union. To identify those who have shaped the school-choice movement across the country, the AP analyzed the political contributions of 48 individuals and couples who have given at least $100,000 to related statewide ballot measure campaigns. That group accounted for the majority of reported contributions to campaigns favoring school-choice initiatives from 2000 through last year. The donors nearly matched all the measures’ opponents. The group also wields political clout in addition to school-related ballot initiatives. The AP analysis showed that the same wealthy funders contributed a total of more than $200 million from 2007 through last year to candidates and political action committees, some of which are supporters of school choice. The funders are from a variety of industries and regions, with a concentration of investors and tech innovators from Seattle and Silicon Valley. Some give millions more to research centers, legal funds, foundations, charter schools and scholarships that promote pieces of the cause. Political campaigns often are a clash of titans. The nation’s two largest teachers’ unions — the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined — contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees over the same 10-year period, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. Both unions and school-choice advocates also made independent political expenditures, which are impossible to tally because the details are not required to be reported in many states. The heart of the debate For the past decade, school-choice supporters have split over the merits of private-school vouchers versus public charter schools, according to William Oberndorf, a San Francisco investor, major contributor to the movement and chairman of the American Federation for Children, which was led by DeVos until last year. He urged all school-choice advocates to drop their divisions and support the core belief that choice in any form is a good thing if it lets parents make decisions about what is best for their kids. “Most Americans have that already,” Oberndorf said in an interview. “They have that if they have enough money to move to a good school district or send their kids to private school. It’s really only poor people who don’t have choices.” In a statement to the AP, a representative of the Waltons said the family is concerned about improving education quality for all children. It is not focused so much on how that is done. “There have always been tensions in some quarters over the best ways to offer educational options to families,” said Marc Sternberg, senior education adviser to the Walton family. “School choice is a means to an end and not the end in itself. It is about making sure those options — including schools within traditional school systems — offer the kinds of high quality, diverse educational opportunities so that every child has a real chance to succeed in life.” Other wealthy school-choice funders are adamant about improving the public education system and combatting any effort that would take tax dollars away from it. They object to being grouped with the supporters of private-school vouchers. Nick Hanauer, a Seattle investor who had an early stake in Amazon and who spent $1 million in 2012 to support a successful ballot measure to allow charters in Washington state, called vouchers “a stupid idea.” Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. “No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It’s a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren’t serious about delivering high-quality education,” he said. “They’re simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this.” Rejection of DeVos urged The schism between wealthy funders over private-school vouchers became visible earlier this year during the confirmation process for DeVos, a billionaire heiress who was nominated by Trump for education secretary despite having no experience as a teacher or school administrator. DeVos attended private religious schools in Michigan. Her children were homeschooled and attended religious schools. Broad, a charter school advocate who has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charters, wrote a letter to senators urging them to reject DeVos, calling her “unprepared and unqualified.” With DeVos at the helm of the Education Department, “much of the good work that has been accomplished to improve public education for all of America’s children could be undone,” wrote Broad, who declined to be interviewed by the AP. DeVos was confirmed only when Vice President Mike Pence cast the vote to break a 50-50 tie in the Senate. Overstock founder Patrick Byrne, who spent nearly $3 million on a failed 2007 Utah ballot initiative promoting vouchers, said DeVos was an “A-plus.” Venture capitalist Timothy Draper, who put $23 million behind a failed attempt to bring vouchers to California in 2000, also had high praise for her. “Having someone who really understands choice in education and how helpful that can be ... is going to be good for education,” Draper said. The sides have been at odds previously, including in Arizona, where in April lawmakers passed and the governor signed a law to expand a voucher program. DeVos’s American Federation for Children made a total of $500,000 in independent political expenditures in 2014 and 2016. The anti-voucher Stand for Children spent $1 million in the state during that span. The Trump administration has not released any details about a voucher plan. But early this month, Trump asked lawmakers to work with him to extend school choice to millions more children, including low-income Hispanics and blacks “who deserve the same chance as every other child to live out their dreams and fill up their hearts and be educated at the top, top level.” The outline in his budget proposal calls for $1.4 billion in school-choice initiatives, including $250 million to launch a voucher program. That money would come in part from cutting $9 billion from K-12 education, including teacher training and after-school and summer programs. The Trump budget calls for eventually increasing annual school-choice funding by $20 billion. It’s unclear how much support or opposition such a plan will generate, in part because most people don’t know much about the topic. A poll conducted by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and released this week found that 58 percent of respondents said they knew little or nothing at all about charter schools and two-thirds reported the same about private school voucher programs. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. “I think that the first and most important measure of accountability to the public is to the parents in general, right?” said DeVos. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rftM65 TOP VIDEOS Michigan State Police pursue crash reconstruction technology 0:03 QLine grand opening in Detroit 4:12 Timelapse video of "Paint the Ice" event at Joe Louis Arena 0:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 'Paint the Ice' fan event at Joe Louis Arena 2:20 State police brief media on fatal crash near Howell 2:26 Rescuers and rescued woman meet again 0:51 Super Ewan's crusade: Helping the homeless 0:51 DTE video captures theft of a backpack from a bait car 0:45 LifeBuilders' mission to revitalize Detroit’s Regent Park 1:37
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats Hidden New York The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly and Ryan ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Houston rapper Travis Scott arrested after concert performance in Arkansas Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7ny.com/video/embed/?pid=1992683" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Houston rapper Travis Scott arrested after concert performance. (Jeff Lombardo/Invision/AP) KTRK Sunday, May 14, 2017 05:11PM Houston native Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night after his concert in Arkansas, Rogers Police Department confirmed. Scott was performing at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion and encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass security protocols, police said. Police said several people were hurt, including an employee from the security company. Scott was charged with inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering a minor. During the Rockets playoff run, he helped design shirts for Game 6 of the Western Conference semifinal series against San Antonio. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: entertainmentcelebrity arrestu.s. & world Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related Travis Scott says he and Beyonce belong on monument ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Leonardo DiCaprio to play Lt. Det. Giuseppe "Joseph" Petrosino in new movie The Trend: First look at Madden '18 Sandy Kenyon reviews Amy Schumer comedy 'Snatched' Backstage with Sandy Kenyon: Hollywood pioneer Sherry Lansing More Arts & Entertainment Top Stories Smoky 3-alarm fire breaks out at Lower East Side synagogue Man killed by falling tree during Mother's Day barbecue in Passaic Mother killed protecting daughter from out-of-control car Derek Jeter's No. 2 retired by Yankees 10-year-old boy overdoses on cannabis-infused sour candy NJ family says they were kicked off JetBlue flight over cake The Honest Company recalls baby wipes due to mold Show More At least 100,000 groups in 150 countries hit in cyberattack Police: Mom hits son who didn't give her Mother's Day card Man shoots girlfriend in the head in Flushing, police say Man driving carjacked car killed after getting out to walk on Garden State Parkway New Jersey firefighter charged with selling oxycodone More News Top Video AccuWeather forecast for the New York area Interviews well underway for new FBI director to replace Comey At least 100,000 groups in 150 countries hit in cyberattack Woman says she endured terrifying kidnapping by cab driver More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly and Ryan ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats Hidden New York The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly and Ryan ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Rapper Travis Scott arrested after concert performance in Arkansas Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7.com/video/embed/?pid=1992683" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Houston rapper Travis Scott arrested after concert performance. (Jeff Lombardo/Invision/AP) KTRK Sunday, May 14, 2017 02:07PM Houston native Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night after his concert in Arkansas, the Rogers Police Department confirmed. Scott was performing at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion and encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass security protocols, police said. Several people were hurt, including an employee from the security company. Scott was charged with inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering a minor. Related Topics: entertainmentcelebrity arrestu.s. & worldcelebrityconcertrapperArkansas Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related Travis Scott says he and Beyonce belong on monument ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Powers Boothe, Emmy winner known for 'Deadwood,' dies at 68 Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs not seeking re-election John Cena wrestles with SoCal desert heat for 'The Wall' Ukulele group plays big hits - but not Hawaiian music More Arts & Entertainment Top Stories LAX passengers face confusion as airlines switch terminals Powers Boothe, Emmy winner known for 'Deadwood,' dies at 68 Hollywood chase ends in fiery, deadly crash Ducks even playoff series 1-1 with win over Nashville Woman, 18, accused of fatal stabbing at Granada Hills group home Lake Balboa mail thieves strike 18 mailboxes in one night Long Beach shark advisory remains as sightings continue Show More Young bear spotted, tranquilized near 10 Freeway in Indio Man arrested in deadly shooting at Orange's Stadium Promenade VIDEO: Car slams into man after fight in Beverly Hills parking lot Mom hits young son who didn't give her Mother's Day card 5 Reasons Frank Sinatra is timeless More News Top Video LAX passengers face confusion as airlines switch terminals VIDEO: Car slams into man after fight in Beverly Hills parking lot Hollywood chase ends in fiery, deadly crash Long Beach shark advisory remains as sightings continue More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Wana ransomware halted, Amazon lowers free shipping to $25 By Matthew DeCarlo on May 14, 2017, 9:36 AM TechSpot How to accidentally stop a global cyber attacks So finally I’ve found enough time between emails and Skype calls to write up on the crazy events which occurred over Friday, which was supposed to be part of my week off (I made it a total of 4 days without working, so there’s that). You’ve probably read about the WannaCrypt fiasco on several news sites, but I figured I’d tell my story. MalwareTech (also, Global ‘Wana’ ransomware outbreak earned perpetrators $26,000 so far and Everything you need to know about the WannaCry / Wcry / WannaCrypt ransomware) How Steam selects the games it shows you (according to Steam) The people working on Steam (and more generally, the team at Valve) seem to be on a transparency kick at the moment. There are multiple blog entries which try to open up particularly opaque bits of the company so users can understand what’s going on. Presumably there’s an element of using that understanding to defuse criticism when it comes to subjects like the terrible reputation of Steam’s support system and whether it’s warranted if you add in some more data. RPS Designing for fab: A heads-up before designing PCBs for professional assembly Designing pcbs for assembly is easy, right? We just squirt all the footprints onto a board layout, connect all the traces, send out the gerbers and position files, and we’re done–right? Whoa, hold the phone, there, young rogue! Just like we can hack together some working source code with variables named after our best friends, we can also design our PCBs in ways that make it fairly difficult to assemble. Hackaday Windows 10 Edge, IE: We're now blocking sites signed with SHA-1 certs, says Microsoft With this week's monthly Patch Tuesday, Microsoft has also rolled out a new policy for Edge and Internet Explorer that prevents sites that use a SHA-1-signed HTTPS certificate from loading. The move brings Microsoft's browsers in line with Chrome, which dropped support for the SHA-1 cryptographic hash function in January's stable release of Chrome 56, and Firefox's February cut-off. ZDNet Amazon is the 2nd most popular app among teens, higher than Instagram When it comes to apps they're using these days, teens and millennials say Snapchat is king — no surprise there. But second place? It's not Instagram: It's Amazon. This is according to a survey — The 2017 Love List Brand Affinity Index, run by Condé Nast and Goldman Sachs — that asked 2,345 U.S. millennial and Gen Z shoppers about their fashion, retail and consumer preferences. CNBC Amazon cuts free shipping minimum to $25 Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) said on Tuesday it cut the threshold for free shipping to $25 from $35, upping the ante against Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) in a hotly contested battle for ecommerce supremacy. Reuters OSS-Fuzz: Five months later, and rewarding projects Five months ago, we announced OSS-Fuzz, Google’s effort to help make open source software more secure and stable. Since then, our robot army has been working hard at fuzzing, processing 10 trillion test inputs a day. Thanks to the efforts of the open source community who have integrated a total of 47 projects, we’ve found over 1,000 bugs (264 of which are potential security vulnerabilities). Google Multiple vulnerabilities found in Wireless IP Camera (P2P) WIFICAM cameras and vulnerabilities in custom http server TL;DR: by analyzing the security of a camera, I found a pre-auth RCE as root against 1250 camera models. Shodan lists 185 000 vulnerable cameras. The "Cloud" protocol establishes clear-text UDP tunnels (in order to bypass NAT and firewalls) between an attacker and cameras by using only the serial number of the targeted camera. Pierre Kim Five EFF tools to help you protect yourself online Do you get creeped out when an ad eerily related to your recent Internet activity seems to follow you around the web? Do you ever wonder why you sometimes see a green lock with “https” in your address bar, and other times just plain “http”? EFF’s team of technologists and computer scientists can help. We engineer solutions to these problems of sneaky tracking, inconsistent encryption, and more. EFF Researchers create touchpads with a can of spray paint Touch sensing is most common on small, flat surfaces such as smartphone or tablet screens. Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University, however, can turn surfaces of a wide variety of shapes and sizes into touchpads using tools as simple as a can of spray paint. Walls, furniture, steering wheels, toys and even Jell-O can be turned into touch sensors with the technology, dubbed Electrick. Phys.org Japan takes lead in legitimizing digital currencies The financial industry is usually no cheerleader of new regulations imposed on it by government authorities. But when the Japanese government amended its Payment Service Act by promulgating the Virtual Currency Act this April, fintech (financial technology) service companies and institutional investors generally welcomed the move. IEEE Spectrum The MP3 is officially dead, according to its creators So opens Stephen Witt's How Music Got Free, an investigation into the forced digitization and subsequent decimation of the music business, from which it has only very recently started to recover. That ironic conference room eulogy actually took place just before the compression algorithm caught on (don't worry, we'll explain in a bit). NPR Ubuntu 17.04 review: Don’t call it abandonware, per se Last month, it finally happened. Six years after its tumultuous switch from GNOME 2 to the homegrown Unity desktop, Canonical announced it was abandoning work on Unity. Going forward, the company will switch the default Ubuntu desktop back to GNOME beginning with next year's 18.04 LTS release. This means Canonical is also abandoning the development of the Mir display server and its unified interface of Ubuntu for phones and tablets. Ars Technica Rocket League: The Great Gig in the Sky There’s that awful moment, every so often, when you’re in your Steam library and go to click ‘Play’ on a favourite game. Your eye wanders a few millimetres off the light blue button and there it is. 600 hours played. Gaben is too merciful to spell it out. 25 days of your life, right there, spent playing Rocket League. Kotaku Related Reads Weekend tech reading: The Radeon team's AMA, 3D printing a jaw, is Amazon Prime worth it? Weekend tech reading: IEEE ratifies 5Gbps Ethernet, Amazon vs. UPS and FedEx on delivery Weekend tech reading: 'Hot potato' allows Windows privilege escalation, spotting fake Amazon reviews 1 comment 5 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Intel Core i9 set to target the high-end desktop market Massive ransomware attack spreads across the globe Crowdfunded Star Citizen raises over $148 million, but release date has been postponed indefinitely Popular 26 comments Intel Core i9 would target the high-end desktop market 5 Ways to Access a Locked Windows Account 59 comments Crowdfunded Star Citizen raises over $148 million, but release date has been postponed indefinitely 32 comments Massive ransomware attack spreads across the globe 23 comments Nvidia unveils its first Volta GPU, the Tesla V100 Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 26 Intel Core i9 would target the high-end desktop market 11 Buy 'Alan Wake' at 90 percent off before it vanishes from digital storefronts 11 Syfy channel is rebranding with a renewed focus on science fiction 59 Crowdfunded Star Citizen raises over $148 million, but release date has been postponed... 12 Microsoft announces Windows 10 Fall Creators Update Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Houston rapper Travis Scott arrested after concert performance in Arkansas Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1992683" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Houston rapper Travis Scott arrested after concert performance. (Jeff Lombardo/Invision/AP) KTRK Sunday, May 14, 2017 05:04PM Houston native Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night after his concert in Arkansas, Rogers Police Department confirmed. Scott was performing at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion and encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass security protocols, police said. Police said several people were hurt, including an employee from the security company. Scott was charged with inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering a minor. During the Rockets playoff run, he helped design shirts for Game 6 of the Western Conference semifinal series against San Antonio. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: entertainmentcelebrity arrestu.s. & world Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related Travis Scott says he and Beyonce belong on monument ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Emmy-winning actor Powers Boothe dies at 68 Mother's Day 2017: What's on your playlist for mom? New shopping and dining in Spring, Klein Harry Potter is coming to the Houston Symphony More Arts & Entertainment Top Stories Family remembers man killed in road rage shooting Real-talk and preaching: Meet Pastor John Gray WANTED: Bandit charged in connection to bank robberies Emmy-winning actor Powers Boothe dies at 68 Police: Child expected to survive shooting in SE Houston Police chase ends on Katy Freeway at Wilcrest Happy Mother's Day: ABC13 celebrates moms Show More TSU to face Texas A&M in NCAA Softball Tournament Mom hit son who didn't give her Mother's Day card North Korea carries out new ballistic missile test Texans take over Minute Maid for JJ Watt Charity Classic Family says they were kicked off JetBlue flight over cake More News Top Video TSU to face Texas A&M in NCAA Softball Tournament Real-talk and preaching: Meet Pastor John Gray Police: Child expected to survive shooting in SE Houston Police chase ends on Katy Freeway at Wilcrest More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up News MUSIC VIDEOS FEATURES LISTS LIFESTYLE FRESHMAN SHOP Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSS Travis Scott Arrested for Inciting a Riot at Arkansas Show By C. Vernon Coleman II May 14, 2017 4:11 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT EMAIL REDDIT Frazer Harrison, Getty Images If you’ve ever been to a Travis Scott concert, you know the lit factor is too real. But it seems the totality of his turn up got La Flame arrested last night (May 13), following a show he performed at the Walmart Amphitheater in Rogers, Ark. Reports are coming out that the Rodeo rapper was taken into custody following his set. According to TMZ, he was arrested on charges of inciting a riot, endangering welfare of a minor and disorderly conduct. He was released without bond a few hours after his arrest. Details of exactly what Travis did to defy the law have not surfaced, but according to one of the rapper’s fan pages, some of the venue’s staff were hurt as a result. People, some of whom were apparently at the show, have taken to Twitter to react to what went down. Everything seemed to be going well at first. “Not only did @trvisXX break his record last night by playing Goosebumps 15x, but he also started a riot & got arrested for it. Crazy night,” one person posted on Twitter. “How you gone lock Travis Scott up after his own concert for starting a riot, his music is just that good,” someone else added. Others were confused by what happened as well. “I just don’t understand how a venue books someone like Travis Scott – knowing his shows get on some rockstar shit – then call 5-0 on him smh,” another Twitter user noted. Scott recently came under fire after one of his fans injured his leg leaping from a three-story balcony at one of the rapper’s shows. The Texas MC has denied encouraging the incident. XXL has reached out to the Rogers Police Department and Epic Records about the arrest and have not gotten a response as of press time. Check out footage from the show and Twitter reactions from some fans below. Travis Scott arrested last night for disorderly conduct and starting a riot. #FreeTravisScott pic.twitter.com/Ci0XMEKk3O — LA FLAME FANPAGE (@YamzInTheTrap) May 14, 2017 Subscribe to XXL on See Twitter React to Travis Scott Getting Arrested at Arkansas Concert Image of Subscribe to XXL on Filed Under: Travi$ Scott Category: News SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of XXL Rolling Loud Festival Is a Hip-Hop Fan’s Version of Disney World See Photos of Gucci Mane, YG and More at Day Three of 2017 Rolling Loud Festival See Photos of Kendrick Lamar, Young Thug and More at Day Two of 2017 Rolling Loud Festival See Photos of ASAP Rocky, Lil Yachty and More at Day One of 2017 Rolling Loud Festival Leave a Comment Latest News Here’s How Drake, Lil Yachty and More Celebrate Mother’s Day in 2017 May 14, 2017 5:50 PM Travis Scott Arrested for Inciting a Riot at Arkansas Show May 14, 2017 4:11 PM Drake Visits His Cousin Just in Time for Prom May 14, 2017 3:15 PM Watch This Special Moment Between Tupac Shakur and His Mom From ‘All Eyez on Me’ Biopic May 14, 2017 2:23 PM 20 of the Best Lyrics From B.o.B’s ‘Ether’ Album May 14, 2017 1:41 PM See More Worst Wardrobe Malfunctions On Stands Now Table of Contents XXL Newsletter Eye Candy Here Are 11 of Iggy Azalea’s Sexiest Twerking Moments April 17, 2017 Here Are 10 of Rihanna’s Sexiest Twerking Moments April 11, 2017 11 Hottest Women on the 2017 Grammy Awards Red Carpet February 12, 2017 The Real Chela’s Way Uses Instagram to Give the Gift That Keeps on Giving January 10, 2017 See the Hottest Women on the 2016 American Music Awards Red Carpet November 20, 2016 Thickest Yams HOT HEADLINES Carmelo and Lala Anthony's Mother's Day Dinner Together (VIDEO) Jon Voight's Mother's Day Wish for Angelina Jolie On Heels of Reunion Dinner (VIDEO) Russell Wilson & Ciara Shut Down Mother's Day Haters (VIDEO) Travis Scott Arrested for Inciting Riot in Arkansas (UPDATE) Hollywood's Stars Show Love for Their Mamas on Mother's Day (PHOTO GALLERY) Drake Chaperones His Cousin and Her Date to Memphis Prom (VIDEO + PHOTO) Katy Perry's 'American Idol' Judge Deal Almost Closed, Announcement Planned David Foster & Christie Brinkley Sing at TMZ Photog's Birthday Party (VIDEO) Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky Bump into Her Ex-BF, Jordan Clarkson Has Best Response (VIDEO) Jet Blue Passengers Booted Over Birthday Cake, Family Ready to Sue (VIDEO) Rappers Who Killed People The XXL Network Contact Us Advertise Privacy Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://www.xxlmag.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to XXL Mag (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here XXL Mag brought to you by: Sign up for XXL Mag Register Now Sign up for XXL Mag quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! XXL Mag brought to you by: XXL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
News New Music Culture Features Lists The Archives Share < br />this article: News \ Travis Scott Arrested in Arkansas for Inciting a Riot Dale Eisinger // May 14, 2017 Share < br />this article: CREDIT: David A. Beloff / Getty Images Travis Scott just can’t seem to escape the legal drama. Following an incident at New York’s Terminal 5, as well as being sued by Lyor Cohen’s management company, he’s now been cuffed in yet another episode. According to a report from TMZ, the rapper was arrested last night in Rogers, Arkansas after a performance at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion. Reports say officers waited for Scott as he left the stage. The New York Daily News reports officers booked him with inciting a riot, endangering the welfare of a minor, and disorderly conduct. Later that night, he was released without bail. He’ll have to return to Arkansas to appear before a court. This is the second time Scott has been charged with such behavior. In 2015, he pleaded guilty to charges of inciting a stampede at Lollapalooza. After that performance, he was arrested and charged with reckless conduct, after encouraging fans to rush the stage. A 15-year-old girl was injured in the incident. Scott has a handful of US dates remaining on his Bird’s Eye View tour, throughout the spring and summer. He’s also set to support Kendrick Lamar on his DAMN. tour later this year. Dale Eisinger Tags: Travis Scott Recommended for you \ Travis Scott Is Being Sued by Lyor Cohen’s Management Company for Unpaid Fees Travis Scott Releases Statement After Fan Jumps From Balcony Watch Travis Scott Peer Pressure Fans Into Jumping Off Balcony at Terminal 5 Show Kendrick Lamar Announces 2017 North American Tour With Travis Scott and D.R.A.M. Frank Ocean – “Lens” Video: Travis Scott and Kendrick Lamar – “Goosebumps” Reviews \ Read More » Review: Girlpool’s Bigger Sound Can’t Sustain Their Intimate World on Powerplant Paramore’s Excellent After Laughter Is All Emo Bleakness Under Its New Wave Brightness Alice Coltrane’s Ashram Recordings Are Nearly Perfect Music for Our Current Moment Review: Nite Jewel Confidently Channels Janet Jackson in Her Prime on the Dreamy Real High Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know. Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit Editor's Picks The 21 Best Pop-Punk Choruses of the 21st Century The Unbelievable Story of the Most Expensive Record Ever Sold on Discogs The 96 Best Alternative Rock Songs of 1996 NEWS NEW MUSIC CULTURE FEATURES LISTS THE ARCHIVES CONTACT US SPIN.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Spin Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
Us Weekly Magazine News Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets Video Give a Gift More News Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets Video Give a Gift Body Met Gala Celebrity Directory Newsletter Photos Watch With Us Polls Country Oscars Emmys Red Carpet Daily Holidays With Us Royal Family Golden Globes Grammys SAG Awards Olympics Hollywood Moms Hot Pics Subscribe Best of 2016 VMAs Subscribe Now TOP 5 STORIES Breaking Little People, Big World's Tori Roloff Welcomes Son Pregnancies Heidi Montag Cradles Her Baby Bump in Mother’s Day Pic Exclusive ‘WAGS Miami’ Stars Ashley Nicole Roberts and Philip... Kids Katie Holmes Kisses Suri in Sweet Mother’s Day Pic Health Update SNL’s Pete Davidson Says He Spent $40,000 on Rehab Arrests Kylie Jenner's New Boyfriend Travis Scott Arrested for Inciting Riot at Arkansas Concert By Nicholas Hautman 12 hours ago More News Here’s Your First Look at Kylie Jenner’s E! Spinoff ‘Life of Kylie’ Kylie Jenner Gets Oxygen After Suffering From Altitude Sickness Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott Take Their Romance to Miami: Pics More News Travis Scott Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for FENTY PUMA Kylie Jenner's new boyfriend, Travis Scott, was arrested for inciting a riot during his concert in Rogers, Arkansas, on Saturday, May 13, US Weekly can confirm. Celebrity Mugshots The Rogers Police Department tells Us that the "Antidote" rapper, 25, was arrested soon after he left the stage at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion.  Police tell Us that during the concert Scott (real name: Jacques Webster) "encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure concertgoer safety." Several people were injured as the crowd rushed to the stage, including a security guard and a member of the police department. The  injured people were treated at the scene by members of the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical. Scott was charged with inciting a riot, endangering the welfare of a minor and disorderly conduct and was transported to the Benton County Sheriff's office. TMZ reports that he was released without bail at approximately 11:30 p.m. Warning: NSFW language. Scott was previously arrested for a similar incident in Chicago in August 2015, when he was charged with disorderly conduct after encouraging Lollapalooza attendees to climb over security barricades and storm the stage. ABC 7 reported at the time that Scott's performance at the festival lasted just five minutes before it was shut down. Stars at Court More recently, the Houston native encouraged a fan to jump from a third story balcony during a concert in New York. Video of the incident went viral on social media, though he was not arrested. Scott's tour photographer Ray appeared to confirm the news on Instagram on Sunday afternoon, sharing pictures of the rapper with the caption, "#freetravisscott." Several fans also tweeted the hashtag, causing it to trend on Twitter. Kylie Jenner's Best Selfies, Ranked As Us Weekly previously reported, Scott began dating Jenner, 19, shortly after her split from longtime boyfriend Tyga. "Travis is telling friends that he and Kylie are the real deal," a source told Us of the budding romance. Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox! More News Here’s Your First Look at Kylie Jenner’s E! Spinoff ‘Life of Kylie’ Kylie Jenner Gets Oxygen After Suffering From Altitude Sickness Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott Take Their Romance to Miami: Pics More News Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Little People, Big World's Tori Roloff... 1 Heidi Montag Cradles Her Baby Bump in... 2 ‘WAGS Miami’ Stars Ashley Nicole Roberts and... 3 Katie Holmes Kisses Suri in Sweet Mother’s... 4 SNL’s Pete Davidson Says He Spent $40,000 on... 5 Kris Jenner Leaves Caitlyn Out of Mother's... 6 Big Bang Theory’s Jim Parsons Marries Todd... 7 Kylie Jenner's New BF Travis Scott Arrested 8 © Us Weekly 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Media Kits FAQ Sitemap Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EXCLUSIVE - Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals her doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and claims that the handwriting could have been 'easily duplicated' 'They left my baby on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching him die after they shot him when he 'rammed an officer with a stolen car during chase' Just 29 percent approve of Trump's firing of James Comey and another 46 percent believe FBI director was sacked to slow Russian investigation  The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown Miss conservative! African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and what you could do with it Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his ex-girlfriend works Hero mom is killed on Mother's Day as she pushes her daughter, 16, out of the way of an out-of-control car driven by 80-year-old EXCLUSIVE: Surfer who beat global hack reveals that he is working with spooks to thwart a ZOMBIE cyber attack today and fears for his safety but has been inundated with job offers Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' 14-year-old son becomes the youngest person ever to graduate college in Texas Cops search three properties after 'major break' in the case of eight family members who were shot execution style at their homes in Ohio Blood-soaked man carrying a human HEAD walks into an Oregon grocery store and stabs an employee Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with their children Lindsay Graham says Trump needs to 'back off' and let Russia investigation 'go forward'... and calls on James Comey to testify before a Judiciary Committee Trump is mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of their White House posts James Clapper says U.S. institutions are 'under assault' - including at the hands of President Trump   James Clapper says Russia will view ex-FBI Director James Comey's firing as 'another victory on the scoreboard for them' James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Kellyanne Conway calls out Anderson Cooper for eye roll - says it was 'possibly sexist, definitely Trumpist' Flash mob of 200 spells out 'RESIST!' in 30-foot-tall letters at Trump's golf club near Los Angeles Trump ordered emergency meetings to deal with massive global computer ransomware attack US plane is 'buzzed' AGAIN by Russian jet over the Black Sea in the second such incident this week Previous Next Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Rapper Travis Scott was booked in the Benton County Jail on Saturday night He was charged with inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor Arrest happened after he finished performing at the Walmart AMP in Rogers He was released without bail around 11:30pm and will have to return to Arkansas for a court date It does not appear that Kylie Jenner was with him at the time of his arrest  By Regina F. Graham For Dailymail.com and Jabeen Waheed For Mailonline Published: 15:38 EDT, 14 May 2017 | Updated: 02:56 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail 490 shares 7 View comments Rapper Travis Scott was hauled off the stage in handcuffs by police at the end of his show on Saturday night in Arkansas. The 25-year-old was booked in the Benton County Jail for inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor after performing at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavillion in Rogers for his Birds Eye View Tour, TMZ reported.  He was released without bail around 11:30pm and will have to return to Arkansas for a court date at some point.  Scroll down for video  Busted: Rapper Travis Scott (above on Saturday) was hauled off the stage in handcuffs by police at the end of his show on Saturday night in Arkansas. Arrest: The 25-year-old (above on Saturday) was booked in the Benton County Jail for inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor Legal troubles: The Grammy nominated artist (above on Saturday) was released without bail around 11:30pm and will have to return to Arkansas for a court date at some point This is not his first run-in with the law, as the rapper, whose real name is Jacques Webster, Jr., was arrested at Lollapalooza in Chicago for the same thing in 2015 for telling crowds to 'rush the stage.' It doesn't appear that Kylie Jenner was with the Grammy nominated artist at the time of his latest arrest.  The two have seemingly been inseparable in recent weeks since being spotted holding hands at the Coachella music festival in California last month.  The 19-year-old reality star and the rapper are set to take the next step in their relationship by making things exclusive, TMZ reported. The pair are rumored to be sealing the deal as she's even visited his hometown of Houston where they enjoyed a Rockets' game on Thursday night.   Missing the action?: It does not appear that his rumored new girlfriend Kylie Jenner was with him at the time of his latest arrest. They are pictured above on April 25  Sealing the deal: Kylie, 19, and the 25-year-old rapper are now set to take the next step in their relationship by making things exclusive, as reported by TMZ. Above they are pictured last week in Miami The social media savvy star also took things one step further by 'introducing herself to Scott's family' - showing that she really is serious about moving on from her ex of three years, Tyga.  As well as Houston, the smitten pair have been spending time together in New York where they celebrated Travis' 25th birthday bash at Cipriani's. MailOnline has contacted representatives for Kylie for further comment.   This comes after an insider told US Weekly: 'Travis is telling friends that he and Kylie are the real deal.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis... A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two... Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy... Back to reality! Kylie Jenner models $99 Rob Kardashian... Share this article Share 490 shares Moving quickly: The reality star has proved to be inseparable from the rapper since they were first spotted getting cosy at Coachella last month and she has since 'visited his family'  The Antidote rapper 'immediately gave Kylie a kiss' after his Coachella festival performance in April, according to Us Weekly's insider.  Despite her relationship taking a more committed turn, Kylie has continued with her sex kitten display on social media.  The teen sensation took to Instagram to share a very revealing and racy photo on Wednesday. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star posted a photo of her sitting on a window sill wearing nothing but a thong.  Racy: Despite her relationship taking a more serious, committed turn, Kylie has continued with her sex kitten display as she shared a revealing photo on social media Read more: Travis Scott Arrested for Inciting Riot in Arkansas | TMZ.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 490 shares Most watched News videos Check out Melissa McCarthy as Press Secretary Sean Spicer again! Aaron Hernandez's fiancée recounts moment she was told he was dead Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer riding the podium down NYC street Brittany Simpson charged with fatally shooting her father Caitlyn Jenner talks to Larry King about her sexual orientation Melania wishes service members and their families Happy Mother's Day Sign language interpreter steals the show during Snoop performance Boxer Chavez pictured with women in hotel room after fight Kate, Wills, and Harry host Buckingham Palace party Melissa McCarthy seen on the streets of NYC playing Sean Spicer Kirby Crane arrested by Dekalb County PD for punching dog Terrifying moment paranormal investigator lures ghost into home See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE... Toddler, 2, suffers severe brain injuries when her male... Landlady, 65, 'killed by her tenant just days after... Who will reign over all she sees? 51 women vying for the... James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet... 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are... Murderer who killed his 73-year-old neighbor asks for a... Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal'... Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer,... Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how... The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in... Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on... Woman's before and after bikini photos of her 30lb weight... International sports star investigated by police 'after... EXCLUSIVE: Hero surfer who beat the virus that wreaked... Here, fishy, fishy! Live FISH wriggled out of man's hands... More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for... Married boxer Julio César Chávez Jr is 'robbed of his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 129 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle The Little People, Big World couple's bundle weighed in at 9lb1oz Splashing around! Amber Rose frolics with French Montana in black lacy, fishnet one-piece on beach in Miami Smiled as they embraced in the water Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single The pop diva wore a baby-pink maxi-skirt 'Proud mama': Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with twin children...before heading out for date night with beau Alex Rodriguez Busy day Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Low-key lunch 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mom African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA Actor Powers Boothe, who starred in Sin City and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., dies of natural causes at age 68 in Los Angeles Died in his sleep I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Posted an essay detailing her upbringing 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Celebrated in style No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Caring cousin Ciara shares sweet video of son Future smelling a rose with Russell Wilson...after quarterback was slammed for Mother's day note Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck She was beaming Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned Italian-born Kára McCullough, 25 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Drama on the show Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky 'I went to rehab': SNL star Pete Davidson playfully talks receiving treatment...two months after admitting he 'quit drugs' Gave the update on SNL They're having a baby! Comedian Kevin Hart reveals his wife Eniko Parrish is pregnant with a boy Made the announcement on social media Sunday Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao Wed at sunset in front of 100 loved ones Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together He's married! Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons ties the knot with beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at NYC's Rainbow Room Big day for star  'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional Mother's Day post as she recovers from cancer Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Alluring Instagram post Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami Khloe Kardashian gushes over Australian mother-of-two who has been named as the latest model in her denim line's 'Good Squad' Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Touching post Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Arrived to join friends at Akasha restaurant What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and Patrick Kielty She looked chuffed Twice as nice! Lady Gaga flashes svelte physique in crop top and pencil skirt...after rocking funky yellow sweater and flared trousers Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip Crown Princess Mary 'BANNED from seeing her best friend' Caroline Fleming because her 'party lifestyle is a bad look for a future queen' 'Told she has to cut ties' 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumours continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift A heartbreaking Mother's Day! RHONJ star Teresa Giudice shares photo of late mom on Mother's Day... as her husband Joe sits in prison The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day Oscar-winning father-daughter duo 'The kind of talent that he has': Tom Cruise gushes over working with Russell Crowe in The Mummy before revealing he did his own stunts in ZERO gravity 'Happy Mother's Day to the Queen! The boss!': Khloe Kardashian shares touching note for Kris Jenner after play date with Dream Momager In no mood to smile! Hilaria Baldwin appears to be in gloomy spirits as she strolls in NYC with Alec and their three kids on Mother's Day Family day out 'No-one wants them crossing paths': Exes Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise face potential reunion with the pair scheduled to be Down Under at same time Billie Lourd endures first Mother's Day without mom Carrie Fisher as she shares touching snap from her childhood Died in December 'The classic tomboy became a mum': Naomi Watts shares childhood photo of herself alongside school snaps of her lookalike sons in Mother's Day post 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Famously reconciled The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant Christie's Auction House accused of botching sale Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Hauled off the stage  Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Showstopper 'Always know how grateful I am to be your mom!': Reese Witherspoon shares rare photo with all three of her kids on Mother's Day Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky at a birthday bash in LA 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Praise on Mother's Day  'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' The Crown is SNUBBED at the BAFTA TV Awards as it loses out on five gongs... with the UK channel's dramas triumphing instead Hit series Thandie Newton stuns in floor-length sequined lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards The 44-year-old sizzled as she attended the awards ceremony Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without his supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now Looked gorgeous  Lena Dunham is working out to manage her anxiety and not to look like a sex symbol, says trainer Tracy Anderson Is practicing yoga  Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Happy Mother's Day from Hollywood! Cindy Crawford kicks off celebrity tributes Cindy Crawford, 51, was one of the first, who shared an image  'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' Unconventional fashion fad 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant Heidi Pratt posts photo of her baby bump as she's now 18 weeks along NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter enjoys date night with pregnant wife Hannah Davis as he readies to retire his famous jersey  Special weekend  Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett The 1970s sex symbol 'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' British supermodel Kate Moss has spoken   'It's getting painful to watch rape so frequently': Joseph Fiennes and Elisabeth Moss shock viewers with controversial scene in The Handmaid's Tale Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Switcheroo! This Is Us will be moving from Tuesdays to Thursdays as NBC unveils its autumn schedule Sophomore season begins in the fall Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming his son Bear Fab in florals! Michelle Williams looks radiant in ornate cocktail dress at Louis Vuitton Resort 2018 show in Miho Museum in Japan Elaborately designed See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead Posted pic of Robert That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast The actress, 48, shone  Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show also stars Hannah Simone and Jake Johnson Engaged and pregnant! NFL star Robert Griffin III and girlfriend Grete Sadeiko break the news on Instagram as she flashes diamond ring Great news  Better luck next time! Model Nina Agdal cancels trip to Australia for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week due to issues with her working visa Katy Perry SPITS OUT cherry pie she's fed on the Wango Tango red carpet ...but rewards herself with cake after sexy performance  Flashing her tummy! Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood Studio 54 theme 'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical Black-and-white photo  Are they the new One Direction? Boy band PRETTYMUCH leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion following rumors they have been signed by the mogul Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she is growing more like mother Sophie every day) Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favourite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewelery choices Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson sizzle in sexy dresses at star-studded Baywatch premiere  Split! Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage Sad news  Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' 73-year-old singing legend Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Jessica Gomes, 32, discusses her sex scene with Bruce Willis, 62... as she reveals her real-life romance with Xavier Samuel is getting serious Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London Looked radiant  Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with their children Family day  Paris Jackson wears ripped boho T-shirt and cropped khaki pants to pick up Mother's Day presents for Debbie Rowe  Very bohemian 'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham wears lip print line in Hong Kong Sophie Turner smoulders in a showstopping one-shoulder metallic dress at the Louis Vuitton fashion show in Japan Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary had doubts about defending boss  Late night! Tomb Raider star Alicia Vikander looks sleepy as she leaves London restaurant with a friend She's accustomed to rugged wear  Having a Carey-free time! Mariah and Nick Cannon are the friendliest of exes as they host fun family party with twins Monroe and Moroccan Katy Perry sizzles in sexy futuristic neon bodysuit and pink dominatrix suspender leggings as she storms the stage at Wango Tango in LA It runs in the family! Kaia Gerber, 15, and Cindy Crawford, 51, are pretty in patterns as they lead stars at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch 'Friends are convinced the writing is on the wall': Nicole Scherzinger 'hasn't seen boyfriend for two months'... as he is spotted with ex Maria Sharapova Flower power! Kate Hudson is feminine in a floral skirt  as she bonds with her sons ahead of Mother's Day She is the proud mother to two sons Music City marriage! Dan Smyers of country duo Dan + Shay weds love Abby Law in Nashville After a three-and-a-half years as a couple Don't mind the gap! Mel Gibson, 61, strolls hand in hand with girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, as they wear matching stripes in Los Angeles Looked contented  Happy Ever after! Milla Jovovich attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch in Malibu with her daughter Dressed for spring  Upton girl! Kate walks her pet dog Harley in sky high $965 Manolo Blahniks and a tracksuit... (and a full face of make-up) in Hollywood  Thigh's the limit! Charlotte McKinney exhibits her slim stems in thigh-baring gown at beachside Baywatch premiere Didn't fail to stun Major style! Hailee Steinfeld shows off her pop-star physique in strappy miltary-chic bustier at Wango Tango She was in top form at the day-long concert On fine form! Zara Tindall wows spectators with her show-jumping skills at the Chatsworth Horse Trials  Displayed her athletic prowess  Kevin Bacon gets well acquainted with his topless co-star Kathryn Hahn as he fondles her in provocative scenes for his new comedy series I Love Dick Wrong direction: Harry Styles says he is a Remainer as Brexit 'symbolises the opposite of the world I would like to be in' after launch of his album Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out £7m on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' 'She's rarely seen by always there': Margot Robbie and Kylie Minogue pay touching tributes to their mums on Mother's Day Gushing Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Crikey! The Irwin family swap khaki for glamour as they attend Beverly Hills Gala Dinner in honour of the late Crocodile Hunter Admirably continued Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip as they both drive carriages at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumors of their new romance continue to swirl 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA Actress looked stunning in a navy  Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals Spanx for the memories: Leggy Katherine Jenkins reveals a little too much in her dress following final performance of Carousel A Cyrus surprise: Sisters Miley and Noah Cyrus present their mom Tish with 50th birthday cake on stage at Wango Tango concert in LA Spelling it out! Miley Cyrus wears earring with fiance Liam Hemsworth's name while performing at Wango Tango in LA Australian boyfriend 'I wasn't going to fight her about it': Liam Payne reveals he wasn't sure about son Bear's unique moniker but 'let Cheryl choose it as she's done all the work' George and Amal Clooney 'build a luxurious all-weather tennis court' in the grounds of their sprawling $25million Berkshire mansion     DON'T MISS Wonder in white! Vanessa Hudgens shows off taut tummy in flowy two-piece number at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Brunch in Malibu Malibu mama! Megan Fox looks stunning with super-long brunette locks as she's spotted with Brian Austin Green and their sons Casual outing with family Not skipping his veggies! Shrinking Jonah Hill shows off gym-honed figure as he fetches a healthy lunch at trendy Hollywood market NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter says pregnant wife Hannah Davis landed him a lifetime supply of beef jerky Big Apple hero  Still going strong! Julia Roberts snuggles up to husband of 15 years Danny Moder as he puts his arm around her in Malibu Seen getting cozy Playing doubles! Cristiano Ronaldo watches the Madrid Open Final with stunning Spanish girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez Soccer legend  Ashlee Simpson Ross contrasts platinum blonde with black ensemble as Jaime King is racy in lace for Lucky Brand jeans event Leading the stars Kourtney Kardashian 'grows sick of mothering on/off beau Scott Disick as she FINALLY calls things quits amid toyboy romance' 'It's happening': Ashley Graham is 'so excited' to return as judge of America's Next Top Model alongside Tyra Banks Back for another season 'Everybody decided to let it go:' Goldie Hawn says The First Wives Club-inspired collaboration with Netflix 'didn't work out' Hollywood beauty 'I'm a damn good mom and know what I'm doing': Snooki strikes back at online trolls who criticize her mothering skills Pre-Mother's Day post 'You did this!': The cast and creator of NBC's Timeless takes to Twitter to celebrate show's surprise renewal Reversed course 'My Betty Boop bod': Chelsea Handler, 42, flaunts her chest and toned bikini body after bragging she got her 'figure together this year' 'Don't feed kids s**t everyday!' Jamie Oliver says having healthy kids is 'really basic' and reveals his 'biggest hurdle' is that 'humans just f**king hate change' Dynamic duo! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin dazzle at Grace And Frankie event in LA The Tinseltown legends were nicely dressed at the industry event 'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Transphobic abuse  Old feud heats up! Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa makes crude reference to fight that led to Christina split as she says she has 'no time for bullsh**' 'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College Heartfelt words They could be sisters! Kim Zolciak, 38, and daughter Brielle, 20, flash the flesh as they both reveal their bikini bodies on social media Enjoying a vacation Roses among Rosé! Laura Dern, Jaime King and Ali Larter are floral fashion delights as they toast to Mother's Day a little early Perfectly styled for spring Dance Moms vet Abby Lee Miller nearly trips while exiting restaurant after she is handed a one-year prison sentence for tax fraud Preparing for jail  'Hmm this s*** is funny!!' Kim Zolciak-Biermann shades RHOA castmate Kenya Moore BEFORE season 10 of Bravo's reality show begins 'I haven't seen it': Harry Styles reveals he hasn't watched his new film Dunkirk but 'would have been excited' had he not 'been involved in it' Surprising admission 'Handsome boy': Proud father David Beckham joins lookalike son Brooklyn for a selfie as they enjoy another father-son bonding session Harry's brave little soldiers: Five years after the Taliban killed their father, three children and their proud mother join hundreds and meet their Prince  A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer All love here! Sofia Vergara holds hands with Joe Manganiello outside vegan Café Gratitude in LA after claims their marriage was in trouble Naomi Watts shows off her penchant for style in Vogue Australia cover shoot as she opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber stating 'there are good and bad days' 'I love being in people's homes': Nicole Kidman reveals she wants to do more television...while hinting at a possible sequel to the HBO hit Little Big Lies The moment Love & Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee was thrown off a plane for 'refusing to give up her glass of wine' Booted off a flight You can't hide with that on! Mickey Rourke contrasts his camouflage as he chauffeurs his pet pooch in a blue Bentley Standing out Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt 'fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  Was given a 'slim chance' of survival 'Be careful opening those things': Tom Cruise cheekily jokes about opening sarcophagi ahead of his summer thriller The Mummy 'Hi love!': Taylor Swift sends flowers and a card to a fan who invited the pop star to her graduation party The pop star delighted fan Ashley Silvers  Her time to shine! Bella Thorne dances in skimpy star print bikini as she gears up for a day by the pool Summer is just around the corner 'There is always 2 sides of the coin': Adriana Lima hits back at baseball fans who accuse her of ruining their season by dumping star pitcher Matt Harvey 'They thought she did an amazing job': Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'is poised to be the first female Doctor Who' after impressing in BBC comedy Miley Cyrus' younger sister Noah models denim coveralls and T-shirt while performing at Wango Tango music festival Kept things quite low-key Kourtney Kardashian keeps her head down in LA after singing show tunes with sister Khloe during silly Snapchat post From Santa Barbara James Bond hopeful Idris Elba dresses down in casual shorts as he launches new campaign to help 'ordinary people's dreams come true' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post It's a pirate's life for this Beatle! Paul McCartney CONFIRMS he has small role in Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Naomi Watts opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber after 11 years together and calls him 'a fantastic dad' and 'a wonderful, wonderful man' What's old is new again! Lyrics to Selena Gomez's new song Bad Liar are leaked and fans think it's another nod to ex Justin Bieber Promoting the song 'I'm excited!': Paula Abdul talks return of American Idol... and addresses if she'd ever make an appearance on ABC's revamped version Says she has 'no idea' Zayn Malik is urging his fans to raise money for a friend to undergo 'quack' cancer treatments, say top doctors  Former One Direction star 'I thought it was a catfish... it was so surreal': Drake whisks busty Irish glamour model Ava Van Rose on tour with him for SIX weeks  Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian pose with Planned Parenthood staff in LA as organization faces cuts from American Health Care Act Gwynnie's organic Goop? It's full of chemical gloop: Tests show Paltrow's beauty range isn't nearly as 'green' as she thinks  Artificial ingredients They can't get enough of each other! Kourtney Kardashian is seen leaving cozy hotel with young lover Younes after 'she throws Scott Disick to curb' Kate, Wills and Harry put on a show as they treat children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Buckingham Palace garden party Pippa preps for perfect pins at 'leg school for the stars' (and guess who's getting fit for the wedding there too!) London club promises to create the perfect pins Papa bear! Ryan Gosling has grizzly on shirt as he makes rare sighting with daughter Esmeralda and mom... as Eva Mendes is nowhere to be seen She's a work of art! Rita Ora is immortalised in self-commissioned painting that is set to raise more than £20,000 for breast cancer charity 'Coming to save you!': Marilyn Monroe look-alike Courtney Stodden does her best slow-mo bikini Baywatch run on the beach Look away Kim! Ms Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban chows down on the star's favorite junk food as he heads into LAX airport He loves junk food  Bumping along! Serena Williams drapes tummy in colorful dress as she begins first Mother's Day weekend Posed for Instagram in a colorful dress Always ahead of the pack! Age-defying Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a leggy display in stunning white minidress at the Monaco ePrix Vision in white GIRL ABOUT TOWN's Star Moves: Noel Gallagher knocks $2.5m off his home, Lily Allen quits the Cotswolds and Ellie Golding is moving to New York  King Arthur and Snatched set to battle it out for No. 2 at box office as neither has muscle to blast Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 off top spot Tropical twosome! Loved up Margot Robbie and new husband Tom Ackerley wear matching pineapple themed shirts during romantic Hawaiian getaway Bachelorette JoJo Fletcher and fiancé Jordan Rodgers pay gushing tributes to each other as they celebrate their first anniversary Romantic ceremony She's graduated from college! Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, gets her diploma after 'struggling' for SIX YEARS Delaware State  Sealed with a kiss! John Legend visits Seaquarium with wife Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna as his tour kicks off Enjoyed family time  'We couldn't be happier': Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan thank fans for 'support' after welcoming firstborn daughter Birdie Daniels Happy days  'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Geri Horner enjoys a bonding session with daughter Bluebell as they join Preeya Kalidas and the School Of Rock cast backstage in the West End The hardest-working woman in show business! Jennifer Lopez rolls on Shades Of Blue in New York City The 47-year-old star continues going strong 'To my haters, thank you!': Bella Thorne flashes her toned tummy in black crop top as she takes down trolls in Instagram video Famous In Love star She's a morning person! Rob Kardashian shares Instagram photo at 6 am of baby Dream he had with Blac Chyna Rob Kardashian posted a sweet Instagram photo Busty in the Big Apple! Lea Michele posts Instagram photo of cleavage-baring cocktail dress she wore to Sabra hummus event Smoldered Marvelous in Miami! Kelly Rohrbach looks pretty in cocktail dress as David Hasselhoff sports a mustache while they promote Baywatch Wore her hair up  'Love this moment!': Drew Barrymore shares cute throwback snap of herself kissing daughter Olive before Mother's Day Got ahead of the curve  Today's headlines Most Read EXCLUSIVE - Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals her doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a... 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching... Just 29 percent approve of Trump's firing of James Comey and another 46 percent believe FBI director was... More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond... Miss conservative! African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says... Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and... Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his... Hero mom is killed on Mother's Day as she pushes her daughter, 16, out of the way of an out-of-control car... EXCLUSIVE: Hero surfer who beat the virus that wreaked havoc across the globe reveals he is working with... Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' fourteen-year-old becomes the youngest ever graduate of Texas... Cops search three properties after 'major break' in the case of eight family members who were shot execution... Blood-soaked man carrying a human HEAD walks into an Oregon grocery store and stabs an employee Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with... Lindsay Graham says Trump needs to 'back off' and let Russia investigation 'go forward'... and calls on... Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of... James Clapper says U.S. institutions are 'under assault' - including at the hands of President Trump   James Clapper says Russia will view ex-FBI Director James Comey's firing as 'another victory on the... James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during... Kellyanne Conway calls out Anderson Cooper for eye roll - says it was 'possibly sexist, definitely Trumpist' Flash mob of 200 spells out 'RESIST!' in 30-foot-tall letters at Trump's golf club near Los Angeles Trump ordered emergency meetings to deal with massive global computer ransomware attack US plane is 'buzzed' AGAIN by Russian jet over the Black Sea in the second such incident this week Un-hinged? Kim Jong-un is pictured cheering as his new ballistic missile that can 'almost carry a nuke to... Pope Francis says he will be 'sincere' with Donald Trump as he wants to seek common ground during their... Déjà vu! Brigitte Macron, 64, channels Melania Trump and Jackie Kennedy in a powder blue power suit as she... 'Brains and beauty': Donald Trump's lawyer defends posting a picture of his 21-year-old daughter in lingerie... Trump tweets a tribute to Melania and America's moms as he turns up to his golf course to play yet ANOTHER... MORE HEADLINES Married boxer Julio César Chávez Jr is 'robbed of his $40K watch by scantily clad women who posted footage of the theft online' after losing his Vegas fight   Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of their White House posts 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching him die after they shot him when he 'rammed an officer with a stolen car during chase' Sealed with a kiss: Emmanuel Macron, 39, gives his glamorous wife Brigitte, 64, a peck on the lips after being sworn in as France's youngest ever president James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Landlady, 65, 'killed by her tenant just days after begging a judge to evict him' recorded her own murder Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' fourteen-year-old becomes the youngest ever graduate of Texas university Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how meningococcal disease ravaged her three-year-old daughter in just 13 hours and left her fighting for her life The 30 seconds that sentenced dinosaurs to their doom: New BBC documentary reveals the moment an asteroid NINE-MILES long hit the earth and wiped out an entire species International sports star investigated by police 'after they infected his former lover with HIV and didn't reveal their condition' Murderer who killed his 73-year-old neighbor asks for a huge 5,000 calorie last meal before his execution on Tuesday - after his request to be killed by firing squad was denied 'All that was left was his underwear and sandals': Zimbabwean pastor demonstrating how Jesus walked on water for his congregation is eaten alive by three CROCODILES Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his ex-girlfriend works Toddler, 2, suffers severe brain injuries when her male babysitter, 16, 'disciplines' her because she 'snuck a piece of candy' Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and what you could do with it The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown Terrifying moment a young child is hit by a car as he crosses the road on his scooter with his mother Who will reign over all she sees? 51 women vying for the Miss USA title prepare to take the pageant stage Did Texas multimillionaire, 83, get away with the double murder of his ex-wife's daughter and boyfriend 40 years ago? MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     May 15, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Opinion Conglomerates and Inclusion Introspective Raul V. Fabella Posted on May 15, 2017 One unmistakable reality of the Philippine economic landscape is the large and growing footprint of conglomerate businesses. Almost every market niche sports two, three, or more competitors connected with some conglomerates. Whether it is banking, real estate, retail and supermarket trade, food service, broadcasting and media, power generation, energy, infrastructure -- you name it, conglomerates are in it. Is conglomerate dominance to be feared? No, on the contrary. Firstly, conglomerates are large because economic size is a trait selected for long-term survival especially in weak governance environment. Smallness is a statistical death sentence. If Lapanday Foods Corp. in Davao was puny and undiversified, it would have been put out of business by the NPA attack. As it is, Lapanday jobs in the thousands survive the attack; children of families dependent on those jobs will continue to eat and go to school.      PHOTO 1 2 1 2    RELATED STORIES Introspective -- Romeo L. Bernardo: "Inflation risk from rice policy?" Introspective -- Calixto V. Chikiamco: "From the political offensive to the defensive" Introspective -- Emmanuel S. de Dios: "Charisma and its limits" Introspective -- By Romeo L. Bernardo: "Inclusive Growth or Equality in Poverty?" Introspective -- Raul V. Fabella: "Which way will Duterte turn?" In weak governance environment, legitimate businesses are forced to resort to what Nobel Laureate Oliver Williamson calls “private ordering” to supplement weak “public ordering.” Conglomerates can mount defensive ramparts that SMSEs cannot afford -- predatory syndicates in government organs (BIR and customs, say) face a phalanx of high-priced specialized lawyers and accountants they can’t intimidate to cough up (which explains why it was very hard to recruit BIR insiders for the large taxpayers unit); conglomerates can bankroll the election of lawmakers or governors to reduce uncertainty from predatory rule changes (the infamous “ACDC”); they can maintain private armed sentries (blue guards in Lapanday’s ranch killed two NPA thugs) to repel banditry. The NPA called the Lapanday attack “revolutionary punishment” but non-marines know it as “revolutionary tax.” Naturally, such defensive ramparts, once in place, can also be trained to prey on others and/or resist reform. These strategies are well-documented in the development episodes of other countries, such as the Gilded Age of the USA (1870-1900) when the West was still “wild.” The railroad companies and banks bankrolled the private posses that finally killed off the Jesse James and other gangs. Despite public sentiment for the small guy, it was the railways that won and enriched the West. Conglomerates in small emerging markets are different from their large market counterparts. In the latter, firms can grow large staying in their original niches (WalMart in retail merchandising; Bank of America in banking; Goldman-Sachs in finance). In small markets like the Philippines, conglomerates attain size by competing in many markets, a phenomenon we have termed elsewhere as “conglopolistic competition.” (To read ‘Conglopolistic Competition in Small Emerging Economies When Large and Diversified is Beautiful,’ please visit the link http://bit.ly/conglocompete.) This phenomenon is interesting because it eases the burden on the Philippine Competition Commission: as long as the conglomerates are in each other’s throats, consumers have a choice in each market leading to higher consumer welfare. Thus, the Ayala group having entered retailing and malling business (TriNoma and Landmark) has put SM North EDSA on notice that consumers can just walk across the street; likewise, SMDC’s entry into residential apartments means that Ayala Land will not have all its own way in residential properties in the West Triangle area. The Aboitiz group’s entry into contestable power market in Metro Manila means that Meralco will now watch its electricity rates so as to keep its customers. Already Meralco has lost about 1 gigawatt of demand to contestable providers. More interesting is that conglomerates boost the government’s weak capacity for public goods provision -- the privatization of water distribution in Metro Manila, a signal legacy of President Ramos and General Almonte, could not have happened without the conglomerates’ sizeable resources and, more importantly, their reputation, which the foreign partners seized upon. The Connector Road projects which will connect SLEx and NLEx, the delayed legacy of the Benigno S. C. Aquino III administration, were bankrolled by Metro-Pacific and San Miguel Corp. The government will collect P28B in givebacks from Metro Pacific for the privilege to build and operate CALAX. Many observers think that public goods are the most poverty-reducing activity of the government (Keefer, 2012). Many times profit is painted as incompatible with people -- the so-called profit versus people dichotomy. Such dichotomy is many times exaggerated. Few people know that Manila Water has provided piped water connection to some 350,000 informal settlers who could be paying three or four times for lako-borne water. Government in the Philippines provides only basketball courts, not piped water. Why? Incentives! NRW (Non-Revenue Water, water which is stolen or leaked) is lost profit. Piped water connection cuts NRW and raises profit. Profitable inclusion! If Duterte allows his tax reform program to be mangled in Congress, DBM as reported will resort to massive low interest ODA from Japan and China which will again marginalize our by now well-honed domestic construction conglomerates from the infra space. The low interest borrowing under Marcos funded an orgy of Marcosian thievery that bankrupted the country. Worse, if Duterte keeps condoning open violations of property rights (the Kadamay takeover of NHA housing units and its call for a nationwide occupation), the wings of conglomerates (for investing and creating stable jobs, that is) will be clipped. The plain truth is that RCBC and the Yuchengco Group will create more high paying jobs and stable income for more poor people in the 500 hectares it legally bought from Hacienda Luisita in 1995 (a sale upheld by the Supreme Court) than Mariano and his Maoist ilk will ever attain! But no surprise there: inclusive poverty is what Maoists want in the run-up to eventual Maoist takeover of this country. Lapanday has lately made noises about expanding to real estate -- again true to its conglomerate aspirations but no doubt hastened by the NPA’s revolutionary taxation. If you operate in farm areas, you pay tax to the government and you pay extortion tax to the NPA or your assets are burned. Another stark reality in the Philippines: the shackles with which government hamstrings agriculture with its CARP and its bankrupt ideas mean that conglomerates are staying clear off food production where they are most needed for poverty reduction. San Miguel Foods’ industrial swinery project in Sumilao got embroiled in a national brouhaha of conflicting CARP and IP claims. This country needs many more Lapandays and San Miguel Foods in the rural areas. Inclusive growth? Unshackle the conglomerates! Raul V. Fabella the chairman of the Institute for Development and Econometric Analysis, a professor at the UP School of Economics, and a member of the National Academy of Science and Technology. E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES Introspective -- Raul V. Fabella: "Conglomerates and Inclusion" Streetwise -- Carol Pagaduan-Araullo: "Finding Rody, a year after" Corporate Watch -- Amelia H. C. Ylagan: "Incredible witnesses for politics" Fence Sitter -- A. R. Samson: "How you keep fit" It’s time for another ASEAN revolution Trade Tripper -- Jemy Gatdula: "The doctrine of self-help: Occupy Philippines!" Vantage Point -- Luis V. Teodoro: "Credibility problem" Beyond Brushstrokes -- Maria Victoria Rufino: "Fatima pilgrims" How Filipino consumer businesses can boost their performance Static -- Marvin A. Tort: "Can we afford to curb labor export?"    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. Infra spending rises 12.2% in 1st quarter led by road projects 2. Poll puts Q1 growth just below 7% 3. DMCI hopes to sell out Torre de Manila 4. Sideways trading seen with Q1 GDP report in focus 5. Conglomerates and Inclusion 1. BSP’s Espenilla says banks missing out on agri opportunities 2. Investors await GDP data 3. A dead whale’s wake-up call 4. BSP sets new deadline for swap of old bills 5. BSP seeks more vigilance vs. cyber fraud © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Video Reports Embed this video Copy Code Link to this video Get LinkEmbedLicenseRecommend (-)Print By Morningstar.com | 05-11-2017 12:00 AM Week Ahead: What to Watch as Retailers Report Results from Wal-Mart, Gap, Target, L Brands, Home Depot, and TJX this week will offer a glimpse into consumer strength. Plus, housing and manufacturing data are due. Related Links Budget Data Shows Hints of What's to Come Jeremy Glaser: Welcome to The Week Ahead. Retail earnings will come into focus this week. A wide swath of retailers including Wal-Mart, Gap, Target, L Brands, Home Depot, and TJX are all due to report. There will be a few interesting things to watch, but two to keep an eye out for are the discussion generally on the strength of the consumer and also how these mostly brick-and-mortar companies are grappling with the longer-term headwinds of online retailing and shifting preferences. In technology, Alibaba, Cisco, and Salesforce are also due. On the data front, housing starts and building permits will be released on Tuesday. We'll also get a sense of the manufacturing economy with industrial production and a few regional activity gauges. Stay tuned to Morningstar for our take on these stories. Return to Discuss Comments     1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First       1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First Add a Comment Email me new replies. Post Cancel Add a Comment Please login or register to post a comment. Log InRegister LatestStocksFundsETFsBonds {1} {2} more... {0}-{1} of {2} Comments {0}-{1} of {2} Comment {0} {1} Flag {5} Report as off topic Report as inflammatory Report as advertising Report as copyright content This post has been reported. --- Remove off topic Remove inflammatory Remove advertising Remove copyright content Un-moderate post Comment removed for violation of Terms of Use ({0}) View Post Edit post Please create a username to comment on this article Username: Continue Please choose a name that's between six and fifteen characters long, starts with a letter, and contains only numbers and letters. Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
New Gautier mayor wants to focus on increasing city revenue - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests ENTER TO WIN: Tickets to the Memphis Air Show Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities New Gautier mayor wants to focus on increasing city revenue 2017-05-14T14:25:45Z2017-05-14T14:25:45Z GAUTIER, Miss. (AP) - Incoming Mayor Phil Torjusen says the city of Gautier needs increase revenue to bolster city services. He tells The Mississippi Press (http://bit.ly/2qC6YkL) that the Gulf Coast city has struggled since Singing River Mall closed in 2013 and Wal-Mart pulled out of a plan to redevelop the property. While the mall property is private, Torjusen says the city needs to use an ongoing study it's commissioned to work with the developer to recruit tenants that fit Gautier's residents. The real estate agent and former developer says more money would let the city increase pay for police and firefighters and provide more youth programs Torjusen beat incumbent Mayor Gordon Gollott in the Republican primary and faces no general election opposition for the part-time post. He'll be sworn in July 1. Information from: The Mississippi Press, http://www.gulflive.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Barret’s Chapel wins SCIAA Baseball Championship Barret’s Chapel wins SCIAA Baseball Championship Updated: Monday, May 15 2017 12:02 AM EDT2017-05-15 04:02:31 GMT (Source: Submitted) We’re sending a High 5 to the baseball team of Barret’s Chapel School, who won big last Wednesday!   More >> We’re sending a High 5 to the baseball team of Barret’s Chapel School, who won big last Wednesday!   More >> Man dies after setting himself on fire on Facebook Live Man dies after setting himself on fire on Facebook Live Updated: Sunday, May 14 2017 11:27 PM EDT2017-05-15 03:27:59 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A video of a man setting himself on fire on Facebook Live quickly made its rounds on social media.More >> A video of a man setting himself on fire on Facebook Live quickly made its rounds on social media.More >> Good Samaritan killed breaking up domestic dispute at IHOP Good Samaritan killed breaking up domestic dispute at IHOP Updated: Sunday, May 14 2017 10:58 PM EDT2017-05-15 02:58:01 GMT A man is dead and two other people were injured after a shootout inside the IHOP on East Shelby Drive in Whitehaven.  More >> A man is dead and two other people were injured after a shootout inside the IHOP on East Shelby Drive in Whitehaven. More >> Memphis chef delivers brunch to mothers in need Memphis chef delivers brunch to mothers in need Updated: Sunday, May 14 2017 10:39 PM EDT2017-05-15 02:39:26 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A Mid-South chef made sure that mothers in need received a meal and appreciation on Mother’s Day.  More >> A Mid-South chef made sure that mothers in need received a meal and appreciation on Mother’s Day. More >> TN gas tax hike to fund improvements in Shelby County TN gas tax hike to fund improvements in Shelby County Updated: Sunday, May 14 2017 10:23 PM EDT2017-05-15 02:23:55 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) We're getting our first look at how a state gas tax hike will benefit Shelby County. More >> We're getting our first look at how a state gas tax hike will benefit Shelby County. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions May 14, 2017 81° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Mainly sunny. High 86F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 63F. Winds light and variable. Updated: May 14, 2017 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP New Gautier mayor wants to focus on increasing city revenue 3 hrs ago (…) GAUTIER, Miss. (AP) — Incoming Mayor Phil Torjusen says the city of Gautier needs increase revenue to bolster city services. He tells The Mississippi Press (http://bit.ly/2qC6YkL) that the Gulf Coast city has struggled since Singing River Mall closed in 2013 and Wal-Mart pulled out of a plan to redevelop the property. While the mall property is private, Torjusen says the city needs to use an ongoing study it's commissioned to work with the developer to recruit tenants that fit Gautier's residents. The real estate agent and former developer says more money would let the city increase pay for police and firefighters and provide more youth programs Torjusen beat incumbent Mayor Gordon Gollott in the Republican primary and faces no general election opposition for the part-time post. He'll be sworn in July 1. ___ Information from: The Mississippi Press, http://www.gulflive.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Locations Mississippi United States North America Popular Dothan attorney Vernon Hein dies at 60 Coffee County Schools Superintendent has heart attack Clark Cinemas opens new building Friday Dothan police officer buys groceries for teen mom caught stealing Administrators not taking Dothan, Northview vandalism lightly Suspect in death of Kaycha Smith faces open count of murder Rehobeth Rebels pull together, battle on in playoffs without suspended head coach Owner: Dothan Gander Mountain will 'stay in the market' Trio of Carroll High athletes sign with colleges Dothan Gander Mountain not on new owner's list to remain open Featured Businesses Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Bama RV 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Currently Open W. Terry Bullard Attorney at Law 707 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Latta Music Company 3332 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-793-6011 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 The Bobby Dean Team 2307 Hartford Hwy, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-701-1102 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Mosquito Squad 125 P.R. 1575, Midland City, AL 36350 334-405-7964 Dothan Brace Shop 1240 E Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-792-4330 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Jim Roberts Realty 4207 Lafayette St, Marianna, FL 32446 850-482-4635 Hometown Lenders 110 E Broad St, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-794-2661 Hometown Lenders 3124 W Main St, Ste 6, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-2661 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Jackson County Floridan 4403 Constitution Ln, Marianna, FL 32448 850-526-3614 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 James Grant Realty 1254 Westgate Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-793-2200 Contests Mother's Day Sweepstakes Salute to Nurses 2017 Water World Season Passes Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Capital OTC Monday, May 15, 2017 Log in Home National News Company News & Financials Tech & Science Health & Lifestyle ABOUT CAPITAL OTC Analysts & Contributors Privacy Policy Terms of Use Pages ABOUT CAPITAL OTC Analysts & Contributors Contact Us Investor Relations Privacy Policy Terms of Use Recent Posts Sears CEO Conducted Shareholder Meeting with Controversial Claims Hepatitis C Cases Increasing Due to Heroin Epidemic Medicated ADHD Patients Less Involved in Car Crashes Full-fat Dairy Products don’t Increase the Risk of Heart Problems Low Doses Of Cannabis Can Improve Memory Grandparents Apply Outdated Parenting Practices on Grandchildren Chinese Trade Growth Slacked in April Sears CEO Conducted Shareholder Meeting with Controversial Claims May 14, 2017 By Jaycee De Guzman Leave a Comment Follow Sears CEO stated some surprising claims during a recent shareholder meeting. Sears is an American chain of store departments with a vast history of 131 years behind it. However, ever since Walmart made its public debut in October 1989, Sears can’t manage to regain the first place in its industry. Moreover, the concept of bankruptcy has been aligned with this company for several times as of recently. Nonetheless, CEO Eddie Lampert did not describe any alarming situation during the last shareholder meeting. Sears Holdings Has Been Bleeding Money for Years On May 10, Sears Holdings had a shareholder meeting to discuss urgent matters. For years, the business recorded low sales performance. In a span of six years, the chain of stores lost a total of $10 billion. Last year only, sales at Kmart stores plummeted 7.4% while Sears showed a 9.3% decline. In comparison to other retailers, this financial decline is one of the lowest ones. As a solution, the board decided to close a series of weak stores, yet to no avail. However, CEO Eddie Lampert didn’t show signs of concern during a recent shareholder meeting. This professional managed to design the merger between Kmart and Sears back in 2004. Lampert is still at the helm of Sears Holdings after so many years. However, he didn’t succeed to keep his promises to shareholders and redirect his company towards success. Sears Shareholder Meeting Decided the Company Has Enough Clients During the meeting, Eddie Lampert drew unusual conclusions from his company’s evolution. Usually, no business, no matter how influential it is, ever stops to come up with new strategies to attract new clientele. However, Lampert positioned himself against this common business practice. “We don’t need more customers. We have all the customers we could possibly want.” Therefore, Sears CEO believes that his company has a large enough list of customers. He was confident that the Shop Your Way loyalty program was a real success that enriched the brand enough. On the other hand, Lampert claimed that the major issue that caused low sales is how much customers are usually buying from their chain of stores. As of such, Lampert put more pressure on employees to persuade customers to spend more money in stores. Image source: 1 Follow Filed Under: Business Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 6 other subscribers Email Address Recent Articles Sears CEO Conducted Shareholder Meeting with Controversial Claims May 14, 2017 By Jaycee De Guzman Leave a Comment Hepatitis C Cases Increasing Due to Heroin Epidemic May 13, 2017 By Justin Chase Leave a Comment Medicated ADHD Patients Less Involved in Car Crashes May 12, 2017 By Miranda Rodgers Leave a Comment Full-fat Dairy Products don’t Increase the Risk of Heart Problems May 11, 2017 By Shawn Selby Leave a Comment Low Doses Of Cannabis Can Improve Memory May 10, 2017 By Mark Cohen Leave a Comment Grandparents Apply Outdated Parenting Practices on Grandchildren May 9, 2017 By Justin Chase Leave a Comment Chinese Trade Growth Slacked in April May 8, 2017 By Miranda Rodgers Leave a Comment People Are Well Prepared for Future Inevitable Ebola Outbreaks May 7, 2017 By Shaun Marsh Leave a Comment Labor Market in the U.S. Thrives As Jobless Claims Decrease May 6, 2017 By Shawn Selby Leave a Comment Exxon Mobil Could Have Prevented 2015 Torrance Refinery Explosion May 5, 2017 By Mark Cohen Leave a Comment Stephen Colbert Doesn’t Regret Monday’s Monolog, Making Trump Supporters Angrier May 4, 2017 By Keith Jordan Leave a Comment Related Articles Chinese Trade Growth Slacked in April May 8, 2017 Labor Market in the U.S. Thrives As Jobless Claims Decrease May 6, 2017 Exxon Mobil Could Have Prevented 2015 Torrance Refinery Explosion May 5, 2017 U.S. Appeals Court Denies Anthem and Cigna Merger Apr 30, 2017 FCC to Launch a Rework on Net Neutrality Apr 27, 2017 T-Mobile Records High Profit, Yet Loses Customer Growth Momentum Apr 26, 2017 Violent Passenger Actually Caused the Controversial United Airlines Conduct Apr 25, 2017 Trump Wants a New Tariff on Imports of Canadian Softwood Lumber Apr 25, 2017 Honeywell Records High Profit Thanks to Aerospace Sales Apr 24, 2017 Preventive Operation for a Second BP Oil Spill Would Cost Billions Apr 23, 2017 Categories Business Capital Markets Company News & Financials Editorial Health Health & Lifestyle National News Nature OTC Exchange OTC Markets OTC Research Science Tech & Science U.S. Uncategorized US World News Copyright © 2017 capitalotc.com About · Privacy Policy · Terms of Use · Contact
Naslovna Kontaktirajte nas Marketing Mi smo BIG Zašto BIG Radio? Slušaj Big Radio Big Radio 1 ( 93,6 Mhz ) Big Radio 2 ( 91,5 Mhz ) Big Radio 3 ( 96,5 Mhz ) Big Radio 4 Domaćica Big Radio Balade Big Radio Folk Big Radio Rock Naslovna Vijesti Ekonomija Hronika Kultura Lokalne vijesti Region Republika Srpska / BiH Saopštenja za medije Servisne informacije Svijet RSS Feed Danas odluka o tužiocu za ratne … Skupština Srbije trebalo bi danas da izabere tužioca… Danas počelo redovno proljećno z… Redovno prolećno zasedanje Svetog arhijerejskog sabora, i ove… Novosti: Vučić sa Putinom o prij… Pokušaji da se kreira “velika Albanija” bio je… Sport Atletika Formula 1 Fudbal Košarka Odbojka Ostali sportovi Rio 2016 Tenis Vaterpolo RSS Feed River Plejt slavio u Superklasik… Izabranici Marsela Galjarda ostvarili su tako 13. trijumf… Voriorsi preokrenuli -25 poslije… Teksašani su propustili ogromnu šansu da naprave “brejk”… Monako osmi put šampion Francusk… ‘Kneževi’ su pred svojim navijačima deklasirali Lil sa… Magazin Ex Yu treš Ljubav Nice and Healty Rarine kućne čarolije Red Carpet Sex i Grad Showbizzz ZaZanimljivo RSS Feed Zastrašujući beskraj: Ovako zais… Na nedavno objavljenom video-snimku, čiji je autor francuski… Zašto Belgija toliko svetli iz s… Fotografija Evrope, preuzeta od Međunarodne svemirske stanice (ISS),… Kejt Mos snima dokumentarac o sv… Kejt i Majkl bili su dugogodišnji prijatelji, a… Techtime Gedzet Hardware & Software Nauka & IT PlayGameR World-Wide-Web RSS Feed MP3 format odlazi u penziju Međutim, kako svemu jednoga dana dođe kraj, slična… Apple iPhone 8 od 128GB bi mogao…  Korisnici će moći da dupliraju ovaj skladišni prostor… Apple i Canonical pomažu Microso… U to vreme svaka od ovih kompanija se… Auto und Moto Koncepti Motori Noviteti Ostalo Šuška se šuška TestTime RSS Feed RevoZport Mercedes-AMG G63 / G65 Već prililčno agresivan dizajn modela G63 AMG sada… Amerikanci spremni da plate 5.00… Najnovije u nizu takvih istraživanja vezano je za… Njemačka odobrila zakon vezan za… Naime, gornji dom parlamenta je odobrio zakon koji… BLA-BLA Cica dana Mudrost Twittera Slika dana Video dana RSS Feed Status veze Статус везе: блокирала ме и сада ме прати… Upoznajte bujnu plavušu Laci - b… Reklamira donje rublje, kupaće kostime i jako je… „Ti zaslužuješ bolje“ Najgora re… … Ja tako mislim / Posuđeni komentar No categories RSS Feed S-500 Totalna tehnološka dominac… Filozofija koju primenjuju ruski inženjeri podseća na lutke… KAKO JE FRANCUSKA PONOVO KAPITUL…    IZBOR EMANUELA MAKRONA ZA PREDSEDNIKA Predsednički izbori… Jedna nada, mnogo nepoznanica Euforičan nemački pozdrav Emanuelu Makronu: „Spasilac Francuske“ (od… Kontaktirajte nas Marketing Mi smo BIG Zašto BIG Radio? Slušaj Big Radio Big Radio 1 ( 93,6 Mhz ) Big Radio 2 ( 91,5 Mhz ) Big Radio 3 ( 96,5 Mhz ) Big Radio 4 Domaćica Big Radio Balade Big Radio Folk Big Radio Rock Kontaktirajte nas Marketing Mi smo BIG Zašto BIG Radio? Slušaj Big Radio Big Radio 1 ( 93,6 Mhz ) Big Radio 2 ( 91,5 Mhz ) Big Radio 3 ( 96,5 Mhz ) Big Radio 4 Domaćica Big Radio Balade Big Radio Folk Big Radio Rock TROPIC BAMBINI MARATON – TRKA ZA NAJMLAĐE BANJALUČANE S-500 Totalna tehnološka dominacija Indeks: Potomci ustaša idu da žale za time kako su bježali KAKO JE FRANCUSKA PONOVO KAPITULIRALA 50: Nadal je favorit, ali nije pobijedio Novaka od 2014. Jedna nada, mnogo nepoznanica Žrijeb za Rim: U najavi novo polufinale Novak – Rafa General Novak Đukić: Ko je izvršio masakr na Tuzlanskoj kapiji ‹ › Objavljena lista 33 najbogatijih ljudi na svijetu Objavljeno dana: May 14, 2017 The Sunday Times objavio je listu na kojoj su rangirani najbogatiji ljudi u Velikoj Britaniji, kao i u ostatku svijeta. Podaci pokazuju da na listi dominiraju preduzetnici i poslovni ljudi koji su sami stvarali svoje bogatstvo, a ne samo bogati nasljednici. Većina poslovnih ljudi koji su sami stvarali svoje bogatstvo dolaze iz tehnološke industrije, kao što je kineski Jack Ma – osnivač Alibabe i Mark Zuckerberg – osnivač Facebooka. Naravno, postoje i porodice koje vode svoje kompanije i bogatstvo koje su naslijedili, kao što su vlasnici Koch Industries, Walmart, pa čak i L’Oreal kozmetike. Oni imaju čak i veće bogatstvo od poslovnih ljudi koji su sami stvarali svoje bogatstvo. Pogledajte ko se sve nalazi na listi: 33. Alain i Gerard Wertheimer, vlasnici kompanije parfema Chanel — neto vrijednost 24,5 milijarde dolara 32. Samuel i Donald Newhouse, vlasnici izdavačkih kuća The New Yorker i Vogue — neto vrijednost 25,8 milijarde dolara 31. Ma Huateng (Pony Ma), direktor Tencenta — neto vrijednost 26,09 milijardi dolara 30. George Soros, uspješan investitor — neto vrijednost 26,87 milijarde dolara 29. Phil Knight, suosnivač i predsjednik kompanije Nike — neto vrijednost 26,87 milijardi dolara 28. Maria Franca Fissolo, vlasnica kompanije Ferrero — neto vrijednost 26,87 milijardi dolara 27. Mukesh Ambani, direktor i akcionar kompanija Reliance Industries Limited — neto vrijednost 28,29 milijarde dolara 26. Axel Dumas, direktor i nasljednik modne kuće Hermès — neto vrijednost 28,8 milijarde dolara. 25. Porodica Henkel, vlasnici kompanije za proizvodnju hemijskih proizvoda Henkel — neto vrijednost 28,88 milijarde dolara 24. Steve Ballmer, bivši direktor Microsofta i vlasnik košarkaškog tima Los Angeles Clippers — neto vrijednost 30,63 milijardi dolara. 23. Jorge Paulo Lemann, najbogatija osoba u Brazilu — neto vrijednost 31 milijarda dolara 22. Sheldon Adelson, osnivač i direktor Las Vegas Sands Corp — neto vrijednost 31,93 milijarde dolara 21. Li Ka-shing, jedan od najbogatijih ljudi u Aziji — neto vrijednost 32,97 milijarde dolara 20. Wang Jianlin, programer Dalian Wanda Group i vlasnik 20 posto akcija kluba Atlético Madrid — neto vrijednost 33,36 milijarde dolara 19. Jack Ma, kineski tehnološki milijarder i predsjednik giganta Alibaba Group — neto vrijednost 35,1 milijardi dolara 18. Ingvar Kamprad i porodica, vlasnici švedske kompanije IKEA — neto vrijednost 36,34 milijardi dolara 17. Karl & Theo Albrecht Jr i Beate Heister i porodica, vlasnici supermarketa Aldi i Theo — neto vrijednost 39,59 milijarde dolara 16. Stefan Quandt & Susanne Klatten, vlasnik 25,6 posto BMW-a — neto vrijednost 39,98 milijardi dolara 15. Liliane Bettencourt, nasljednica kompanije za proizvodnju kozmetike L’Oreal —41,28 milijarde dolara 14. Sergey Brin, rusko-američki naučnik i suosnivač Googlea sa Larryjom Pageom — neto vrijednost 43,35 milijarde dolara 13. Larry Page, suosnivač Googlea — neto vrijednost 34,2 milijarde funti. 12. Bernard Arnault, direktor LVMH — neto vrijednost 45,69 milijarde dolara. 11. Michael Bloomberg, vlasnik i direktor finansijskog servisa, masovnog medija i softverske kompanije Bloomberg — neto vrijednost 50,62 milijarde dolara 10. Larry Ellison, čelnik internacionalnog giganta Oracle — neto vrijednost 52,7 milijardi dolara 9. Carlos Slim Helu i porodica, postao jedan od najbogatijih milijardera na svijetu kada je preuzeo kontrolu nad latinoameričkom telekom kompanijom America Movil — neto vrijednost 59,71 milijardi dolara 8. Mark Zuckerberg, direktor i suosnivač Facebooka — neto vrijednost 61,92 milijarde dolara 7. John i Jacqueline Mars, vlasnici Mars Bars — neto vrijednost 63,6 milijarde dolara 6. Warren Buffett, čelnik Berkshire Hathaway — neto vrijednost 79,96 milijarde dolara 5. Jeff Bezos, direktor i osnivač Amazona — neto vrijednost 80,22 milijardi dolara 4. Amancio Ortega, vlasnik brendova poput Zara, Pull & Bear, Bershka i Massimo Dutti — neto vrijednost 82,42 milijarde dolara 3. Bill Gates, suosnivač Microsofta — neto vrijednost 91,9 milijarde dolara 2. Charles i David Koch, vlasnik i direktor kompanije Koch Industries — neto vrijednost 102,4 milijarde dolara 1. The Walton porodica, osnivači Walmarta — neto vrijednost 130,59 milijardi dolara. Izvor: Klix Podijeli priču Tweet FacebookTwitter Komentariši Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Najnovije Popularno Komentari Danas odluka o tužiocu za ratne zločine by D V - No Comment Danas počelo redovno proljećno zasedanje Sabora SPC by D V - No Comment Novosti: Vučić sa Putinom o prijetnjama Albanaca by D V - No Comment MP3 format odlazi u penziju by Vlado - No Comment Apple iPhone 8 od 128GB bi mogao koštati 1000 dolara by Vlado - No Comment River Plejt slavio u Superklasiku! by Vlado - No Comment Voriorsi preokrenuli -25 poslije povrede Lenarda! by Vlado - No Comment Smijenjeni funkcioneri bez podrške vlasti by D V - 19 Comments EKSKLUZIVAN SNIMAK: Evo kako je žena Alije Izetbegovića širom svijeta primala donacije i prisvajala za porodicu! (VIDEO) by Maja - 15 Comments POTVRĐENO: Rusija šalje vojne jedinice na Kosovo! by Maja - 7 Comments Sprema se katastrofa i haos: Putin izdao nalog za hapšenje masona by D V - 7 Comments CIA plaćala Nezavisne novine, Reporter magazin, ATV Banja Luka, Pan radio, Panorama magazin, Ekstra magazin, Radio Džungla i Radio NES by Maja - 6 Comments Vučić: CIA kaže da nisu znali da su taoci u kući by Maja - 5 Comments Direktor D. zdravlja sa “audijem” od 200.000 by Maja - 5 Comments Ratko: Dodik ponovo o referendumu siniša blagojević: Pravosuđe RS: Slobodan zbog zastare djela Tomy: siniša blagojević: Republici Srpskoj nedostaje 2.000 medicinskih sestara i tehničara racic: Republici Srpskoj nedostaje 2.000 medicinskih sestara i tehničara racic: Napadnut: “Ubico, marš iz Beograda!” racic: Prvi put u Australiji senatorka dojila dijete u parlamentu Smijenjeni funkcioneri bez podrške vlasti EKSKLUZIVAN SNIMAK: Evo kako je žena Alije Izetbegovića širom svijeta primala donacije i prisvajala za porodicu! (VIDEO) POTVRĐENO: Rusija šalje vojne jedinice na Kosovo! Sprema se katastrofa i haos: Putin izdao nalog za hapšenje masona CIA plaćala Nezavisne novine, Reporter magazin, ATV Banja Luka, Pan radio, Panorama magazin, Ekstra magazin, Radio Džungla i Radio NES Facebook Dodaj nas za prijatelja Twitter Prati nas RSS RSS praćenje Krit: Prevrnuo se brod, troje mrtvih, 302 spasenih Britanci dronove koriste za špijuniranje i krijumčarenje, utrostručen broj prijava policiji Noam Čomski nam poručio: Srbi, čuvajte se! Nećete ući u EU čak i ako priznate Kosovo! Evropa vas ne voli! Povratak Volge Električni Ssangyong Korando EV će imati autonomiju od 300 km Facebook 2015 - BIG RADIO d.o.o. Isaije Mitrovića 2 78 000, Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, BiH Marketing: +387 51 212 - 700 +387 51 212 - 777 Fax: 051/ 212 - 350 BiG 1 (93,6 mhz) : 065 / 824 – 824 (SMS, Viber) BiG 2 (91,5 mhz) : 065 / 828 – 828 (SMS, Viber) BiG 3 (96,5 mhz) : 065 / 470 – 470 (SMS, Viber) bigradiobl@gmail.com ↑ BiGportal.ba Log in - Sva prava zadržana. Dozvoljeno preuzimanje sadržaja isključivo uz navođenje linka prema stranici sa koje je sadržaj preuzet. - Designed by Big Radio Team  
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Sizing Up Small Caps Better Chapter Ahead For Publisher Houghton Mifflin After a difficult 2016, in which its shares tumbled 50%, the publisher appears to be on the mend. By David Englander Biography Updated May 13, 2017 12:29 a.m. ET After a difficult 2016, in which its shares tumbled 50%, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt appears to be on the mend. The textbook publisher has been cutting costs and investing back in its business, all of which bodes well for its stock, which recently was changing hands at $12.50. In February, industry veteran Jack Lynch was named as the company’s new CEO. The former chief, Linda Zecher, stepped down last September, amid poor operating... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Top Income Stocks In Energy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines: Websites, emails, social media, radio and text alerts. Contact Us Dining: Little Caesars Pizza now hiring for new location opening in Cedartown on May 31. Posted on May 14, 2017 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments A new Little Caesars Pizza location is coming to 1563 Rome Highway, next to Walmart, in Cedartown. The new location owned by Little Caesars Club, a grouping of Little Caesars restaurants owned and operated by Aequitas Restaurant Holdings, Inc. and Restaurant Group, Inc., is slated to open May 31, 2017. Little Caesars Club currently owns a total of 18 locations in North Georgia and North Carolina. The pizza franchise is well-known for their ready now $5 large cheese or pepperoni pizzas. Hiring is now underway for multiple positions including managers and crew members. Click here to apply online. According to their website, Little Caesars in Cedartown will be open Sunday-Thursday from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. and Friday-Saturday from 10:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Bartow, Dining, Gordon, Polk ← Education: Rome High baccalaureate this afternoon, graduation Saturday. Big week for Bartow County graduations. Latest updates. Heritage First Headlines: Happy Mothers Day! Little Casears opening in Cedartown. Four injured in Martha Berry crash. Graduation updates. Coosa finishes runner-up in state soccer. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Currently 81° Clear Tomorrow is forecast to be nearly the same temperature as today. Sunday 05/14 10% High 87° / Low 55° Clear Clear. Lows overnight in the mid 50s. Monday 05/15 10% High 89° / Low 58° Clear Sunny. High 89F. Winds light and variable. Tuesday 05/16 10% High 93° / Low 63° Clear Sunny skies. High 93F. Winds light and variable. Copyright © 2017 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 15, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas This article was published May 14, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Kael K. Bowling joined Friday, Eldredge & Clark LLP’s Commercial Litigation and Regulation Practice Group where he serves as litigation counsel to financial institutions, insurance companies and other business entities. He earned his juris doctor from the University of Arkansas School of Law in 2016 and his LL.M.in agriculture and food law from the university earlier this year. Bowling worked as a legal extern for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Tyson Foods during law school as well as for U.S. District Judge Timothy Brooks. Bowling practices in the firm’s Fayetteville office. Katelyn M. Eaves joined Friday, Eldredge & Clark LLP’s Trust and Estate Planning Practice Group. She concentrates her practice in estate planning, trust and estate administration, probate matters, estate and gift taxation, and formation and planning for exempt organizations. Eaves earned her juris doctor from the University of Arkansas School of Law in 2013 and her LL.M. in taxation from the University of Florida Levin College of Law in 2014. She comes to the firm with three years of experience in trust and estate planning law. She practices in the firm’s Rogers office. Joey McCutchen, a Fort Smith attorney, was named president of the Arkansas Trial Lawyers Association during the 54th annual convention held April 28 in Eureka Springs. He also received the Roxanne Wilson Advocacy Award, given to a member who is dedicated to activism in the advancement and improvement of the legal system and the legal profession, to the defense of those who cannot find justice for themselves, and who demonstrates dedication to family, the community and the association. McCutchen is the founder of McCutchen & Sexton – The Law Firm, where he represents personal injury cases. Alan Lane, a partner at Odom Law Firm in Fayetteville, was named secretary/ treasurer of the Arkansas Trial Lawyers Association during the 54th annual convention held April 28 in Eureka Springs. Frank Bailey, founder and senior partner of the Bailey & Oliver Law Firm in Rogers, received the 2017 Henry Woods Lifetime Achievement Award during the 54th annual convention of the Arkansas Trial Lawyers Association held April 28 in Eureka Springs. Kathleen Monk of Springdale was named 2017 Outstanding Paralegal by the Arkansas Trial Lawyers Association during the April 28 annual convention held in Eureka Springs. Darryl Napolitano was hired as broker/development management associate at Colliers International — Northwest Arkansas in Rogers. He has more than a decade’s experience in commercial real estate management, most recently as managing director at Haag Brown Commercial’s Northwest Arkansas office. He earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Faulkner University in Birmingham, Ala. He is a certified commercial investment member candidate and was the International Council of Shopping Centers Arkansas Retail chairman in 2012. Eileen Jennings of Arvest Bank was named a member of Rural Missouri Inc., a community development corporation based in Jefferson City, Mo., that has announced plans to partner with banks in 10 Arkansas counties to provide SBA 504 loans. The 504 program offered by the U.S. Small Business Administration provides financing for major fixed assets such as equipment and real estate. Jennings is a senior vice president and area loan manager for Arvest in Fayetteville. She began her Arvest career in 2004. Jennings was named the 2016 Commercial Banker of the Year by the Central Arkansas chapter of The Risk Management Association. Shelley Simpson was named chief commercial officer of J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. Simpson joined J.B. Hunt after graduating from the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville in 1994. She has served as director of pricing for truck and intermodal, vice president of economic analysis, senior vice president of finance and administration, and, in 2007, president of ICS. Briefs are for people in Northwest Arkansas who are new hires, were promoted, received an award from outside their organization or received a certification. Email: cswanson@nwadg.com or send your item to: Christie Swanson, P.O. Box 7, Spring Print Headline: BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News On the Agenda Business news in brief BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS On the Agenda Business news in brief BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS Business news in brief Comments on: BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Thankful for the chance to celebrate Mom (1 comment) Little Rock plan seeks to limit feeding poor in parks (15 comments) Let's not be suckers (14 comments) Trump lawyers describe Russia income (18 comments) Arkansas school district asks to be declared desegregated (6 comments) Teen killed, 6 people injured in Arkansas shooting; suspects sought (6 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 15, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / PATENTS AWARDED This article was published May 14, 2017 at 2:01 a.m. Comments aAFont Size U.S. patents issued to Arkansans May 9 Patent 9,642,466 B2. Universal Media Pocket and Chair with Universal Media Pocket. Issued to Wendy Milstead and Jason Ulichnie, both of Bentonville. Assigned to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of Bentonville. Patent 9,643,165 B2. Doped-Carbon Composites, Synthesizing Methods and Applications of the Same. Issued to Tito Viswanathan of Little Rock. Assigned to the board of trustees of the University of Arkansas. Patent 9,643,311 B1. Octagonal Extension Handle. Issued to Charles Henry Cowie of Fayetteville. Assigned to Marshalltown Co. of Marshalltown, Iowa. Patent 9,647,563 B1. Active Energy Recovery Clamping Circuit to Improve the Performance of Power Converters. Issued to Bret Whitaker of Fayetteville and Adam Barkley of Springdale. Assigned to Cree Fayetteville Inc. of Fayetteville. Patent D786,388 S. Stun Gun Cane. Issued to Billy Pennington of Little Rock. Print Headline: PATENTS AWARDED Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business BUSINESS PEOPLE REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS OIL AND GAS REPORT BUILDING PERMITS PATENTS AWARDED On the Agenda Business news in brief Their timber cash-cow gone dry, Oregon counti... BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas More Business stories > Comments on: PATENTS AWARDED To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Thankful for the chance to celebrate Mom (1 comment) Little Rock plan seeks to limit feeding poor in parks (15 comments) Let's not be suckers (14 comments) Trump lawyers describe Russia income (18 comments) Arkansas school district asks to be declared desegregated (6 comments) Teen killed, 6 people injured in Arkansas shooting; suspects sought (6 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos reads Dr. Seuss in this Feb. 14 file photo to kindergarten students at Royal Palm Elementary School in Miami. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. The Associated Press Venture capitalist Nick Hanauer stands by the window of his office in this Aug. 2, 2013 file photo in downtown Seattle. He holds a copy of "Democracy: A Journal of Ideas," which includes an article he co-authored promoting an economy driven by a strong middle class. Hanauer calls private school vouchers “a stupid idea.” Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. “No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It’s a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren’t serious about delivering high-quality education,” he said. “They’re simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this.” AP editor's pick urgent Voucher proposals expose rift in school choice movement Geoff Mulvihill Associated Press May 14, 2017 Updated 9 hrs ago The Associated Press Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos reads Dr. Seuss in this Feb. 14 file photo to kindergarten students at Royal Palm Elementary School in Miami. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. The Associated Press Venture capitalist Nick Hanauer stands by the window of his office in this Aug. 2, 2013 file photo in downtown Seattle. He holds a copy of "Democracy: A Journal of Ideas," which includes an article he co-authored promoting an economy driven by a strong middle class. Hanauer calls private school vouchers “a stupid idea.” Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. “No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It’s a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren’t serious about delivering high-quality education,” he said. “They’re simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this.” For two decades, a loose-knit group that includes some of the country's wealthiest people has underwritten the political push for school choice, promoting ballot initiatives and candidates who favor competition for traditional public schools. But when a member of this elite group was elevated to education secretary, the appointment opened a philosophical schism that now threatens to shatter the alliance, turn billionaires against one another and possibly lead some school-choice advocates to join with teachers' unions, their archenemies. Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from President Donald Trump's administration that could offer parents federal dollars to send their children to private schools, including religious and for-profit institutions. "As much as we are aligned on change, we aren't always aligned on how much change or how. Sometimes we fight," said Derrell Bradford, executive vice president of the school-reform group 50CAN. The movement has been cleaved into two camps: those who want to use choice to improve public schools, and others, like Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who want to go further by allowing tax money to flow to private schools through vouchers, government-funded scholarships or corporate tax credits. The differences that once seemed minor are at the heart of a potential seismic shift in the school-choice movement. School-choice programs were first proposed in the 1950s by Nobel Prize-winning free-market economist Milton Friedman, a longtime professor at the University of Chicago. Since the beginning of this century, they have grown quickly, although the overwhelming majority of students still attend traditional public schools. Thirty states plus Washington, D.C., have some combination of vouchers, government-subsidized education savings accounts, or tax credits that help families afford private-school tuition or encourage private groups to fund scholarships, according to EdChoice, an advocacy group founded by Friedman and his wife. Still, less than 1 percent of children in kindergarten through high school used vouchers to attend private schools in 2015. Just 5 percent of students were in charter schools that year, when charters were operating in more than 40 states. That's up from about 3 percent in 2008, according to the Department of Education. Charter schools are public but in several states, including Indiana, are not held to the same accountability standards as traditional schools, which in theory gives them more freedom to innovate. School leaders also have more say in who may attend public charter schools in Indiana. When standardized test scores of children who switched to charter schools or used vouchers are compared with those of students who remained in traditional public schools, some results have been promising. Other studies have shown little effect, or even worse outcomes. In Indiana A report last year by the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools said Indiana has the strongest charter school law in the country. The report also said Indiana ranks among the top in the nation for having charter schools that serve a large number of students receiving free and reduced-cost lunch and a large percentage of minority students. Indiana in 2001 enacted its charter school law, which does not cap charter-school growth. The state also allows multiple charter authorizers and provides some autonomy and accountability. In the 2015-16 academic year, about 8,824 Indiana students, almost 8 percent, enrolled in private schools, and 7,019 students, about 6 percent of the total student population in Lake, Porter and LaPorte counties, enrolled in public charter schools, according to the Indiana Department of Education. The majority of students in Lake, Porter and LaPorte counties — 118,584 — still attend traditional public schools in the three counties’ 29 public school corporations. There are 14 charter schools in Lake and Porter counties and one in LaPorte County. In the 2015-16 academic year, more than 32,686 students across Indiana are using vouchers, called a Choice Scholarship, to attend a private or parochial school in Indiana, according to a 2016 report by the Indiana Department of Education. Of that number, about 2,787, or less than 10 percent of students, used vouchers in Lake, Porter and LaPorte counties. Choice Scholarships allow a student to use public school dollars to attend a private school. The parent or guardian signs an endorsement authorizing the Indiana Department of Education to pay the school directly on the student's behalf. The biggest donors Wal-Mart's Walton family, Los Angeles billionaire Eli Broad, and the father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates have been some of the largest political contributors to the school-reform movement, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of campaign-finance records compiled by the National Institute on Money in State Politics and state campaign-finance regulators. Microsoft's Bill Gates avoids political contributions. His family's massive foundation — which his father, Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs — is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. The elder Gates contributes personally as well. In the past, contributions have flowed to reform-minded groups regardless of whether they supported public charter schools, vouchers for private schools or a combination. But now those funders are beginning to split into competing camps. Groups such as Stand for Children, which pushes for charter schools among other educational changes, are being more vocal now, because "the level of ambition of the efforts to expand vouchers is so high," said Jonah Edelman, co-founder and chief executive, who called the voucher proposals "a dramatic effort to undermine public education." Edelman, whose organization receives part of its funding from Walton, Broad and Gates-related charities and family members, said his group will fight any administration effort to promote vouchers nationwide. Stand for Children has worked with teachers unions in the past on state-level measures to provide more money for schools and raise teacher pay. But its calls for more charters often put it at odds with the unions, which are powerful political entities in many states. The American Federation of Teachers has had conversations with some charter school advocates it has opposed in the past about coordinating to fight a national voucher program, said Randi Weingarten, president of the union. To identify those who have shaped the school-choice movement across the country, the AP analyzed the political contributions of 48 individuals and couples who have given at least $100,000 to related statewide ballot measure campaigns. That group accounted for the majority of reported contributions to campaigns favoring school-choice initiatives from 2000 through last year. The donors nearly matched all the measures' opponents. The group also wields political clout in addition to school-related ballot initiatives. The AP analysis showed that the same wealthy funders contributed a total of more than $200 million from 2007 through last year to candidates and political action committees, some of which are supporters of school choice. The funders are from a variety of industries and regions, with a concentration of investors and tech innovators from Seattle and Silicon Valley. Some give millions more to research centers, legal funds, foundations, charter schools and scholarships that promote pieces of the cause. Political campaigns often are a clash of titans. The nation's two largest teachers' unions — the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined — contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees over the same 10-year period, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. Both unions and school-choice advocates also made independent political expenditures, which are impossible to tally, because the details are not required to be reported in many states. Heart of the debate: true choice or tuition aid For the past decade, school-choice supporters have split over the merits of private-school vouchers versus public charter schools, according to William Oberndorf, a San Francisco investor, major contributor to the movement and chairman of the American Federation for Children, which was led by DeVos until last year. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. He urged all school-choice advocates to drop their divisions and support the core belief that choice in any form is a good thing if it lets parents make decisions about what is best for their kids. "Most Americans have that already," Oberndorf said in an interview. "They have that if they have enough money to move to a good school district or send their kids to private school. It's really only poor people who don't have choices." Some of the wealthy school-choice funders are not swayed and object to being grouped together with supporters of private-school vouchers. Nick Hanauer, a Seattle investor who had an early stake in Amazon and who spent $1 million in 2012 to support a successful ballot measure to allow charters in Washington state, called vouchers "a stupid idea." Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. "No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It's a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren't serious about delivering high-quality education," he said. "They're simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this." DeVos deepens divide The schism between wealthy funders over private-school vouchers became visible earlier this year during the confirmation process for DeVos, a billionaire heiress who was nominated by Trump for education secretary, despite having no experience as a teacher or school administrator. DeVos attended private religious schools in Michigan. Her children were homeschooled and attended religious schools. Broad, a charter school advocate who has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charters, wrote a letter to senators urging them to reject DeVos, calling her "unprepared and unqualified." With DeVos at the helm of the Education Department, "much of the good work that has been accomplished to improve public education for all of America's children could be undone," wrote Broad, who declined to be interviewed by the AP. DeVos was confirmed only when Vice President Mike Pence cast the vote to break a 50-50 tie in the Senate. Overstock founder Patrick Byrne, who spent nearly $3 million on a failed 2007 Utah bond measure to allow charters, said DeVos was an "A-plus." Venture capitalist Timothy Draper, who put $23 million behind a failed attempt to bring vouchers to California in 2000, also had high praise for her. "Having someone who really understands choice in education and how helpful that can be ... is going to be good for education," Draper said. The sides have been at odds previously, including in Arizona, where in April lawmakers passed and the governor signed a law to expand a voucher program. DeVos's American Federation for Children made a total of $500,000 in independent political expenditures in 2014 and 2016. The anti-voucher Stand for Children spent $1 million in the state during that span. The Trump administration has not released any details about a voucher plan. But early this month, Trump asked lawmakers to work with him to extend school choice to millions more children, including low-income Hispanics and blacks "who deserve the same chance as every other child to live out their dreams and fill up their hearts and be educated at the top, top level." The outline in his budget proposal calls for $1.4 billion in school-choice initiatives, including $250 million to launch a voucher program. That money would come in part from cutting $9 billion from K-12 education, including teacher training and after-school and summer programs. The Trump budget calls for eventually increasing annual school-choice funding by $20 billion. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. "I think that the first and most important measure of accountability to the public is to the parents in general, right?" DeVos said. Times education writer Carmen McCollum contributed to this report. Angry 1 Sad 1 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 +13 Share Your Special Event enterprise web only Indiana politicians receive donations from pro-school-choice billionaires 20 hrs ago Below is a list of the Indiana politicians and the amounts they've received from pro-school-choice billionaires. +24 Discovery Charter School students work on projects PORTER — Using a corrugated pizza circle, tiny farm animals and bits of plastic grass, fifth… +4 Thea Bowman moves forward GARY — Now that last year’s authorizer controversy has passed, Thea Bowman Leadership Academ… +3 Region charter schools seek their niche The new regional vice president for Lighthouse Academies of Northwest Indiana believes both … +8 Educators face continuing change With the advent of charter schools in Indiana more than a decade ago, and the rise of privat… School choice advocates support Indiana political candidates INDIANAPOLIS — Hoosier politicians at both the state and federal levels have received hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign donations f… Tags General News Personal Spending Personal Finance Business Political Movements Political Issues Government And Politics Campaigns Elections Government Appointments And Nominations Family Finances Teacher Unions Teaching Education Social Affairs Labor Unions Labor Issues Social Issues Private School Costs Education Costs Education Policy Government Policy Tax Refunds Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance School Vouchers Education Issues Primary And Secondary Education Cabinet Appointments And Nominations Cabinets Political Action Committees Political Organizations Campaign Contributions Political Fundraising Campaign Finance Charter Schools School Choice Tell us what you think Will you travel for Mother's Day? You voted: Yes, locally Yes, within the state Yes, to another state No Undecided Vote View Results Back $99 for 18 Holes at 11 Different Courses with the purchase of Golf Cart rental a $399.00 value VALUE: $399 DISCOUNT: 75% PRICE: $99 View Deal Currents +25 National News Photos: Inside the Coast Guard's high-tech fight against seafaring cocaine smugglers +8 Lifestyles Visions, miracles and the supernatural: What the Pope's trip to Fatima is all about News Poll shows unemployed Americans were more likely to vote for Hillary Clinton Bregman, Astros tee off Tanaka for 10-7 win, DH split Yanks' Chapman to miss at least month with shoulder injury Dubrovnik Vacation Travel Guide | Expedia Rockies' Senzatela gets emotional win year after mom's death Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Jack & Vernon's Septic Service 3685 E 36th Ave, Lake Station, IN 46405 Ads BLUE ARMY OF OUR LADY OF FATIMA PO BOX 3036, MUNSTER, IN 46321 SCHEERINGAS FARM 9436 N CLINE AVE, HIGHLAND, IN 46322 Spay Illinois Pet Well Clinic 2765 Maple Ave, Lisle, IL 60532 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Andy's Home Inspection Andy's Home Inspection ~ 25% off for Veterans & Active Duty Military ~ Northwest Indiana May 4, 2017 Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant Getting married? Need a chapel? Call Free Spirit Church today at (219) 663-3900. May 4, 2017 Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty For all of your Corporate Photography needs call Doherty Images Photography. Call 219-670-2092 May 4, 2017 Tim's Landscaping "Best in the Region" for a reason! Call Tim's Landscape Services today! May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Purdue University Former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels is president of Purdue University. editor's pick top story urgent School choice advocates support Indiana political candidates Dan Carden dan.carden@nwi.com, 317-637-9078 Daniel Carden 20 hrs ago Former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels is president of Purdue University. Purdue University INDIANAPOLIS — Hoosier politicians at both the state and federal levels have received hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign donations from prominent school choice supporters. The largest recorded candidate donation — $225,000 — went to Republican Gov. Mitch Daniels for his successful 2008 re-election bid. That money came from Patrick Byrne, a Fort Wayne native who launched the online retailer Overstock.com and currently is board chairman of EdChoice, an Indianapolis-based school choice advocacy organization founded by University of Chicago economist Milton Friedman. Byrne also gave Republican Tony Bennett $10,000 that year for his winning state superintendent of public instruction campaign. In 2011, Daniels and Bennett worked with a Republican-controlled General Assembly to establish Indiana's now largest-in-the-nation private school voucher program, and to make it easier for charter schools to open in the state. Bennett pulled in $310,000 in direct donations from prominent charter school advocates for his unsuccessful 2012 re-election effort, including $200,000 from Wal-Mart heiress Alice Walton and $15,000 from current U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and her husband. Other prominent recipients of school choice-related campaign funds include: former Gov. Mike Pence, now vice president of the United States; Gov. Eric Holcomb; U.S. Sen Todd Young, R-Ind; former U.S. Sens. Dan Coats and Dick Lugar, both R-Ind.; and U.S. Reps. Jim Banks, R-Columbia City; Larry Bucshon, R-Newburgh; Luke Messer, R-Shelbyville; and Jackie Walorski, R-Elkhart. School choice money also has flowed extensively to state legislative candidates, though usually through intermediary political action committees. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. For example, Byrne gave $200,000 in 2010 to Hoosiers for Economic Growth PAC and $25,000 to Daniels' Aiming Higher PAC, both of which funneled that money to mostly Republican House and Senate candidates throughout Indiana, according to campaign finance reports filed with the state. Hoosiers for Economic Growth has since been renamed Hoosiers for Quality Education. Recent major donors include PACs and trusts connected to DeVos, Pence and Indianapolis charter school founder Christel DeHaan. Last year, Hoosiers for Quality Education gave $177,000 to help elect Republican Jennifer McCormick state superintendent of public instruction, accounting for 32 percent of McCormick's fundraising total. Subscribe to The Times Reporting like this is brought to you by a staff of experienced local journalists committed to telling the stories of your community. Support from subscribers is vital to continue our mission. Become a subscriber→ Angry 1 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels is president of Purdue University. Purdue University +2 Voucher proposals expose rift in school choice movement For two decades, a loose-knit group that includes some of the country's wealthiest people ha… Bennett: Indiana leads nation in education reforms INDIANAPOLIS | State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Bennett plans to focus on sch… Researcher: Ind. education reforms not likely to improve achievement A top education researcher at Indiana University says when the results of these reforms are analyzed in years to come, don't be surprised if student achievement is about the same as it was before the politicians shook up the system. House approves school voucher plan INDIANAPOLIS | State tax dollars soon could be used to pay tuition for Indiana students to a… Teachers union challenges Indiana school voucher program INDIANAPOLIS | The Indiana State Teachers Association asked a Marion County court Friday to … +13 Share Your Special Event enterprise web only Indiana politicians receive donations from pro-school-choice billionaires 20 hrs ago Below is a list of the Indiana politicians and the amounts they've received from pro-school-choice billionaires. Tags Indiana State Government Federal Government School Choice Charter Schools School Vouchers Education Campaign Donations Campaign Finance Campaigns And Elections Mitch Daniels Indiana Governor Patrick Byrne Edchoice Friedman Foundation Milton Friedman Tony Bennett State Superintendent Of Public Instruction Indiana General Assembly Wal-mart Alice Walton Betsy Devos Us Secretary Of Education Mike Pence Eric Holcomb Todd Young Dan Coats Dick Lugar Jim Banks Larry Bucshon Luke Messer Jackie Walorski Hoosiers For Economic Growth Hoosiers For Quality Education Aiming Higher Indiana House Indiana Senate Christel Dehaan Jennifer Mccormick Politics Parliament Institutes Candidate Hoosiers Choice Money Pac Indianapolis Daniel Carden Dan is Statehouse Bureau Chief for The Times. Since 2009, he's reported on Indiana government and politics — and how both impact the Region — from the state capital in Indianapolis. Carden originally is from Orland Park, Ill. Follow Daniel Carden Close Get email notifications on Daniel Carden daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Daniel Carden posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Daniel Carden Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest in section Indiana employers can continue asking job applicants about criminal past School choice advocates support Indiana political candidates Gary schools seeking another state loan to meet payroll Lake Station school's get-out-the-vote effort under scrutiny Gary Air Show in doubt as Monday deadline looms Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til owner $225 million in debt, eyes three more closings Fight in Crown Point restaurant involves 20 people Downtown Crown Point shooting damages cars, homes Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville One night in East Chicago, 2 kids killed Currents State and Regional News Oregon's homeless population, by the numbers +4 Movies The 2017 MTV Movie and TV Awards: List of winners +8 Lifestyles Visions, miracles and the supernatural: What the Pope's trip to Fatima is all about Today In History, May 14: Frank Sinatra Today's Birthdays, May 13: Stephen Colbert Today In History, May 13: Pope John Paul II Today’s top pics: Severe Weather in the Plains and more Bregman, Astros tee off Tanaka for 10-7 win, DH split Yanks' Chapman to miss at least month with shoulder injury Dubrovnik Vacation Travel Guide | Expedia Rockies' Senzatela gets emotional win year after mom's death Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Jack & Vernon's Septic Service 3685 E 36th Ave, Lake Station, IN 46405 Ads BLUE ARMY OF OUR LADY OF FATIMA PO BOX 3036, MUNSTER, IN 46321 SCHEERINGAS FARM 9436 N CLINE AVE, HIGHLAND, IN 46322 Spay Illinois Pet Well Clinic 2765 Maple Ave, Lisle, IL 60532 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Andy's Home Inspection Andy's Home Inspection ~ 25% off for Veterans & Active Duty Military ~ Northwest Indiana May 4, 2017 Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant Getting married? Need a chapel? Call Free Spirit Church today at (219) 663-3900. May 4, 2017 Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty For all of your Corporate Photography needs call Doherty Images Photography. Call 219-670-2092 May 4, 2017 Tim's Landscaping "Best in the Region" for a reason! Call Tim's Landscape Services today! May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar Submit Event CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live 63° F Few Clouds Hi: 82° F Lo: 58° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 6 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines Sinkhole opens on city’s east side May 14, 2017 It’s located at East 9th and Tuxedo streets. Graham Rahal talks IndyCar with SportsLocker May 14, 2017 Rahal sat down with 24-Hour News 8’s Anthony Calhoun and special correspondent Derek Daly. Moms enjoy Mother’s Day on the canal May 14, 2017 IMPD investigating after suspect drives through door of business May 14, 2017 Authorities seek escaped Henry Co. inmate May 14, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Current Conditions 63° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 63° F Wind: WSW 7 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 55° F Sunrise: 6:30 AM Sunset: 8:51 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar Submit Event CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live Search for: Search the site 63° F Few Clouds Hi: 82° F Lo: 58° F Police: Woman caught switching flour with baby formula to get refunds Associated Press Published: May 14, 2017, 6:29 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This photo released by the Tucson Police Department shows Jennifer LaPlante, 30, who was arrested Thursday, May 11, 2017, in Tucson, Ariz., on suspicion of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment. LaPlante is accused of substituting flour for infant formula in containers returned to several local stores for refunds, and police have warned the public to check formula containers’ seals for tampering. (Tucson Police Department via AP) TUCSON, AZ (AP) — An Arizona woman is accused of substituting flour for infant formula in containers returned to several local stores for refunds, and police have warned the public to check formula containers’ seals for tampering. One child got sick from ingesting tampered formula but is in good condition after being treated at a hospital and released May 5, police said late Thursday. Police Chief Chris Magnus held an unusual nighttime news conference to disclose the arrest and to warn the public. “We’re concerned about this and wanted to get the information out as quickly as possible to avoid any other children from becoming sick,” Magnus said. Police said the suspect was motivated by money and apparently took place over at least several days and possibly for up to two months. The formula was either purchased or stolen, police said. Dr. Francisco Garcia, chief medical officer for Pima County, said tests are being conducted to determine whether other substances were put in formula containers along with flour, such as something to make it more palatable. Police said Jennifer LaPlante, 30, was arrested Thursday on suspicion of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment. LaPlante remained jailed Friday. It wasn’t immediately known whether she has an attorney who could comment on the allegations. Police listed two Fry’s grocery stores and two Wal-Mart stores, all on Tucson’s eastside, that are linked to the incident. Officials at Arkansas-based Wal-Mart said they don’t restock baby formula and are “deeply disturbed” by the Tucson incident. “Our customers deserve safe, quality foods, and we have policies in place to help ensure that returned baby formula is not put back on our shelves,” Wal-Mart spokesman Ragan Dickens said in a statement. A police department spokesman, Sgt. Pete Dugan, said Friday he wasn’t aware of additional reports of tampered formula. However, detectives remained “smack-dab in the middle of the investigation,” Dugan said. “They need to find out if there’s others involved. They need to find out if there’s other stores involved.” Officials advised recent purchasers of infant formula from Tucson businesses to check seals on containers and to see whether the formula smelled normal. Parents shouldn’t feed infants with any formula if there’s any question of possible tampering, Garcia said. “Those seals should be intact,” he said. Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Email Print More Pinterest Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Ohio mom, grandma overdose in front of baby in Pack ‘n Play Lawyer: Dragged passenger lost 2 teeth and broke his nose 1 of 5 children hit by suspected DUI driver in Florida dies from injuries California may not require bail for most criminal suspects Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
The Spring Fund Drive: Day Forty-Two Final four days — must raise $2,670! Without your support, we won't be here next month. Remember: this web site is not a hobby. It's a full-time job for the people who run it. Without adequate income, we will have to shut down. That's not a threat - it's reality. Can you spare $5? $1? Because no donation is too small, and we really, really need the money. If everyone reading this message donated only $5.00 right now, we could end this fundraiser today. Think about that. And please help if you can. We thank you! Today's tally: $167 from 9 people. TOTAL TALLY: $7,330.50 from 293 people. (As of 9pm EDT, May 14th)   All Recent Posting Activity Topics & Issues Events Polls Search Donate Shop Advertise Contact About Please Read Our New Guidelines for Comments and Commenters How to register for a user account (As always, please DO NOT DONATE if you live on a fixed income. Do not choose between eating and funding!) --> --> The News Most Recent Threads The Blogs Most Recent Threads The Forums Most Recent Threads Home » blogs » Robert Weissman's blog Tough Guy Sessions: Shameful and Stupid on Street Crime, Soft on Corporate Crime Robert Weissman Article Tools E-mail Print Comments (3) Share    Jeff Sessions by Robert Weissman | May 13, 2017 - 6:54am Tough Guy Attorney General Jeff Session has announced that federal prosecutors will charge low-level drug offenders and others with the most serious crimes possible, despite overwhelming evidence and a bipartisan agreement that this approach is racially discriminatory and counterproductive. The Sessions approach will throw thousands of people – especially Americans from communities of color or with low-incomes – into prison needlessly, sabotaging their life chances and increase post-release criminality. It is shameful and stupid. Shameful because there is overwhelming empirical evidence that this approach unfairly targets and damages young people of color. And stupid because there is, equally, overwhelming empirical evidence that it will create a cycle of crime. At the same time that Sessions is announcing a clampdown on nonviolent, low-level offenders, Session’s Department of Justice is expected to announce resolution of a longstanding major corporate crime case: allegations of a massive Wal-Mart bribery scheme in Mexico and perhaps other countries. If news reports of the settlement are accurate, the settlement will involve a slap-on-the-wrist fine; no individual prosecutions; and a non-prosecution agreement with the Wal-Mart company, in which the company avoids prosecution in exchange for a promise not to break the law in the future – a meaningless commitment since the company is required to follow the law with or without an agreement with the Department of Justice. So, it appears Tough Guy Attorney General Sessions is only tough on the poor and vulnerable. (That conclusion comports with Sessions’ performance as Alabama attorney general, as we explained in a January report on Sessions’ tenure in that post.) When it comes to the rich, powerful and connected, it seems that Sessions is soft on crime. This is a moral and policy disgrace. The moral element should be self-evident. From a policy point of view, corporate crime and wrongdoing inflicts far more harm on society than street crime, as horrific as the toll of street crime is. And the corporate criminal class is likely to be far more responsive to the deterrent effect of harsh penalties – as well as far more likely to break the law if violations are prosecuted lightly or not at all – than street criminals. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License _______ About author Robert Weissman is the president of Public Citizen. Weissman was formerly director of Essential Action, editor of Multinational Monitor, a magazine that tracks corporate actions worldwide, and a public interest attorney at the Center for Study of Responsive Law. He was a leader in organizing the 2000 IMF and World Bank protests in D.C. and helped make HIV drugs available to the developing world. Vote Result Score: 10.0, Votes: 1 Bookmark/Search this post with: | | | | | | Robert Weissman's blog | login or register to post comments | 246 reads Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded Date - newest firstDate - oldest first 10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes. Jefferson Pierre Toutant Jefferson Pierre Toutant Beauregard Stonewall Sessions III is a flaming idiot. He is as stupid as a pile of horse manure. He ain't got the brains Gawd gave a fork. And he is a racist bigoted little bastard who has no business being in charge of anything that may affect other people on this planet. Submitted by angryspittle on May 13, 2017 - 12:05pm. » login or register to post comments He's a dangerous anti separation of church & state weasel This is from: Senate's Top Morons Pimping for Pat Robertson by Mac MacArthur TUESDAY JULY 20th 1999 -- New York (APJP) http://www.americanpolitics.com/072099Pat.html " In a not-so-stunning exhibition of abuse of process, not to mention just plain down-home bad taste, U.S. Senators Jeff Sessions and Paul Coverdell (Rs-GA) and the man most likely to bed down on the other side of the lunatic fringe, Jesse "The Dotty" Helms (R-NC), wrote a letter -- in "tongues," I suppose -- to Attorney General Janet Reno, urging her to "look into" charges that Americans United for Separation of Church and State, a large and respected group of mainstream American religious leaders, may have "attempted to disenfranchise religious voters by intimidating 'people of faith' into not participating in the political process."...."With (dis) respect to Helms, Sessions and Coverdell, Lynn said, "They have, without shame or evidence, tried to enlist the top law enforcement official in our nation in a crackdown on a private organization that has done nothing wrong. The conduct of these senators in this matter has been nothing short of reckless and irresponsible." This week Trump signed an Executive Order in support of this self same "Religious Liberty" scam just to pay back his fundamentalist core. And they, by the way, said he didn't do enough. With zealots like Sessions, DeVos and others in the Cabinet, and with Christian supremacist Pence ready to step in any moment now, looks like the fundamentalists could get their coveted theocracy. _______ The world will not be destroyed by those who are evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything. Albert Einstein Submitted by forman on May 13, 2017 - 3:20pm. » login or register to post comments I Agree with Mr. Spittle completely. But -- with respect to Mr. Weissman's assertion -- Quote: . . .there is overwhelming empirical evidence that this approach unfairly targets and damages young people of color. And stupid because there is, equally, overwhelming empirical evidence that it will create a cycle of crime. I disagree. It seems to me that it's not stupid at all, because more crime means more spending on private prisons, which in turn spend more on Republican campaigns. And which will line up in solid support of the "racist, bigoted little bastard" who is serving them so well. _______ Scourge of the Right Wing Nutjobs Masquerading as Leftists, Where Ever They May Cower Submitted by AntiSpin on May 13, 2017 - 3:28pm. » login or register to post comments --> --> --> ChimpWire: Latest News Woman Allegedly Tries to Run GOP Lawmaker Off Road Over Health Care Vote May 14 2017 - 6:33pm (0 comments) If You Still Use Windows XP, Prepare For the Worst May 14 2017 - 4:26pm (0 comments) The Comey Fallout: Trump Legislative Agenda Is Dead In 2017 May 14 2017 - 8:52am (1 comments) Concrete, or beaches? World's sand running out as global construction booms May 13 2017 - 9:55am (4 comments) The Senate Starts to Look at Trump’s Businesses May 13 2017 - 8:31am (0 comments) Greg Palast: Trump Picks the Al Capone of Vote-Rigging to Investigate Federal Voter Fraud May 12 2017 - 6:03pm (0 comments) more news » Navigation home start a new thread recent popular content User login Username: * Password: * Request new password ChimpsterNation Didn't this site used to be for electing Democrats to office? by Biff 42 posts, 3027 views Presidential Historians Survey 2017 Hard to read, but the info is there. by chlorocardium 2 posts, 970 views Your favorite SC screen name by skeezyks 81 posts, 7602 views The 11th Minute of the 11th Hour of the 11th Day & Section 60 ~ ~ ~ by bitdog 24 posts, 6033 views 5479 Days . . . by aussidawg 2 posts, 751 views I'm flying to Florida in the morning. by click here 3 posts, 826 views First Clinton/Trump Debate - Sep 26, 2016 - thread by mewkitty 4 posts, 929 views more » Recent Threads Inspection- Neutering the American Voter by Ken Carman 0 comments Mothers Day: 100 ways the Deep State plans to kill off your mom... by Jane Stillwater 1 comments How to Treat the Enemy by GreyRaven 11 comments Neo-colonialism & living the Tea Party dream in Oklahoma by Jane Stillwater 0 comments AMERICA'S STATE DEPARTMENT COOPERATES IN ISRAEL'S NASTY GAME OF CALLING ITS CRITICS NAMES by John Chuckman 3 comments Democracy Now: “US Has Never Sought Regime Change in Syria” by AntiSpin 1 comments A COMMUTER'S TALE by rene sonsmann 4 comments RELEASE ME! by rene sonsmann 1 comments WHAT SO MANY AMERICANS SIMPLY DO NOT UNDERSTAND ABOUT THEIR OWN COUNTRY - PARALLELS OF AMERICA TODAY WITH 16TH CENTURY CHURCH by John Chuckman 2 comments The brotherhood that oil built: Terror in the Middle East by Jane Stillwater 5 comments IN FIFTY YEARS AMERICA'S TWO BOUTS OF MASS KILLING AND DESTRUCTION - HOW THE WEST HAS CHANGED IN ITS REACTIONS OVER THAT TIME by John Chuckman 0 comments PATRIOT-TYPES WHO DREAM OF REBELLION - MINDS COMICALLY STUCK IN TWO CENTURIES AGO - COMPLETE AND DEVASTATING FAILURE OF TRUMP by John Chuckman 0 comments ISRAEL'S 1967 ATTACK ON INTELLIGENCE SHIP U.S.S. LIBERTY DURING ITS SIX DAY WAR OF CONQUEST - LYNDON JOHNSON IS THE ONLY MYSTERY by John Chuckman 1 comments "War" and the next American generations by Jane Stillwater 0 comments Please send good thoughts for Georgia's 6th District ... by Georgia K 0 comments WHY A RUNAWAY EX-SYRIAN GENERAL'S CLAIM ABOUT TONNES OF CHEMICALS IN SYRIA IS GARBAGE - AND ANOTHER TRUE STORY ABOUT CHEMICALS by John Chuckman 17 comments A PROFESSOR SAYS KIM JONG UN AND DONALD TRUMP ARE BOTH UNSTABLE BULLIES - WHY THE ANALYSIS IS WEAK AND MISSES THE POINT by John Chuckman 8 comments WE LIVE IN THE MOST DISHONEST AND HYPOCRITICAL AND VIOLENT TIMES - WHY? - HINT: IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA OR ASSAD by John Chuckman 0 comments ALL THAT'S FIT TO PRINT ABOUT THE GOOD SHIP NEW YORK TIMES AND ITS GROTESQUE BOW FIGUREHEAD THOMAS FRIEDMAN - NOTE ON PULITZERS by John Chuckman 2 comments WHY YOU MIGHT THINK THE MAFIA RUNS AMERICAN FOREIGN AFFAIRS - BUT THE OUTFIT REALLY RUNNING THINGS MAKES THE MAFIA SEEM PIKERS - by John Chuckman 3 comments TULSI GABBARD IS THAT RAREST OF THINGS: AN AMERICAN POLITICIAN WHO THINKS FOR HERSELF AND IS HONEST - WHY SHE HAS NO FUTURE by John Chuckman 0 comments PUTIN'S PUT-DOWN OF NATO SUPPORT FOR AMERICAN ILLEGAL BOMBING: "NODDING LIKE BOBBLEHEADS" - SADLY CANADA'S DISAPPOINTING TRUDEAU by John Chuckman 0 comments POSSIBILITY SYRIAN GAS ATTACK WAS A FRAUD - WHITE HELMETS ALWAYS DOUBTFUL ACTORS - ANOTHER POSSIBILITY - INTEGRITY OF CORPORATE by John Chuckman 1 comments EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT SYRIA AND AMERICA'S NEW COLD WAR WITH RUSSIA - AS ESTABLISHMENT FIGHTS TO CONTROL EARTH by John Chuckman 0 comments NETANYAHU GIVEN BOX SEAT TO VIEW TRUMP'S BOMBING OF SYRIA - HOW FITTING IS THAT? HE IS ONE OF THE BEGETTERS AND THE MAIN BENEFIC by John Chuckman 2 comments Recommended Threads The highest-rated threads (minimum ten votes): This Is What Waterboarding Looks Like by David Corn 56 comments 44313 reads Barking Mad by Mike Whitney 28 comments 26465 reads Police Spying in the Birthplace of the First Amendment by Dave Lindorff 11 comments 15368 reads Shame on Us All by Robert Parry 44 comments 17910 reads David Kuo's Book "Tempting Faith": The Author's Agenda, the Authoritarian Behavior He Reports, And the White House's Response by John W. Dean 34 comments 116897 reads Olbermann Special Commentary Nov. 1 by Barry Ragin 28 comments 28628 reads Housing Bubble Smack-down by Mike Whitney 30 comments 29021 reads At Least We Aren't Nazis! by Pamela Troy 10 comments 15784 reads An Important Story You Didn't See by Stephen Pizzo 34 comments 28575 reads Why I Love Santa by Cenk Uygur 9 comments 12842 reads Delusions of victory by Sidney Blumenthal 20 comments 14795 reads The Public Housing Struggle in New Orleans: A Tale of Two Sisters by Bill Quigley 3 comments 12753 reads Saddam is Dead by punkmonksf 34 comments 43658 reads The 2006 WTF? Awards! by Ed Naha 8 comments 13514 reads Olbermann: Special comment about â€˜sacrificeâ€™ by sofazappa 9 comments 12720 reads Socialism Smirking Chimp on Facebook Upcoming events no upcoming events available more Browse archives « May 2017   Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31       Follow us Become a fan Subscribe Search Advertisement The Daily Chimp Links to our front-page articles, emailed to you once a day. E-mail: Subscribe Unsubscribe Previous issues Syndicate Blogroll Blogs Alan Bisbort Alicublog Americablog Andrew Bard Schmookler Atrios Bad Attitudes Barry Lando Barry Yourgrau Barbara O'Brien Bartcop Blog Report Bob Geiger Booman Tribune BTC News Chris Floyd Cliff Schecter Crooks and Liars Culture Kitchen Daily Kos Dave Lindorff David Corn David Sirota David Swanson Demosthenes Digby Ed Naha Ed Tant Firedoglake Greg Palast Hal O'Boyle James Wolcott Jayne Lyn Stahl Jesus' General Joe Bageant Josh Marshall Len Hart Liberal Oasis Making Light Media Is A Plural My Left Wing Pierre Tristam PM Carpenter Political Junkies RJ Eskow Riverbend Roger Ailes Rude Pundit Russ Baker Sadly, No Scholars & Rouges Scott Shuster Seeing The Forest Skippy Stephen Elliott Stephen Pizzo Steve Gilliard Susie Madrak Ted Rall Timothy Gatto William Fisher Worldwide Sawdust Advocacy Mesothelioma Treatment News & Commentary AlterNet Antiwar.com Black Agenda Report Black Commentator Buffalo Beast BuzzFlash Consortium News Common Dreams CounterPunch Crisis Papers Democratic Underground Democrats.com Dissident Voice Drudge Retort In These Times The Huffington Post MediaChannel The Nation The Progressive The Washington Monthly Scoop TomPaine.com Truthdig Truthout Virtual Citizens Working For Change Radio & TV The Young Turks Thom Hartmann Who's online There are currently 2 users and 26 guests online. Online users H. C. Jack Shaftoe habeus corpses   100 Most Recent Threads | Topics & Issues | Events | Polls | Chimp 1.0 Home | Top About | Contact | Advertise | Shop | Donate Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011 Smirking Chimp Media bot trap
The Spring Fund Drive: Day Forty-Two Final four days — must raise $2,670! Without your support, we won't be here next month. Remember: this web site is not a hobby. It's a full-time job for the people who run it. Without adequate income, we will have to shut down. That's not a threat - it's reality. Can you spare $5? $1? Because no donation is too small, and we really, really need the money. If everyone reading this message donated only $5.00 right now, we could end this fundraiser today. Think about that. And please help if you can. We thank you! Today's tally: $167 from 9 people. TOTAL TALLY: $7,330.50 from 293 people. (As of 9pm EDT, May 14th)   All Recent Posting Activity Topics & Issues Events Polls Search Donate Shop Advertise Contact About Please Read Our New Guidelines for Comments and Commenters How to register for a user account (As always, please DO NOT DONATE if you live on a fixed income. Do not choose between eating and funding!) --> --> The News Most Recent Threads The Blogs Most Recent Threads The Forums Most Recent Threads Home » blogs » Sarah Anderson's blog If Washington Won’t Rein in Corporate Greed, Your State Might Sarah Anderson Article Tools E-mail Print Comments (0) Share    Corporate America by Sarah Anderson | May 13, 2017 - 7:00am — from OtherWords Josh Elliott is fed up with overpaid CEOs. As the owner of a Connecticut natural foods market with 40 employees, he says he could never justify pocketing hundreds of times more pay than his employees. “I’m very much a capitalist,” Elliott told me in an interview. “But there need to be limits.” Skyrocketing CEO pay and inequality last year motivated this 32-year-old businessman to launch a successful bid for a seat in the Connecticut General Assembly. Elliott hit back hard on the campaign trail against right-wing claims about high taxes driving wealthy job creators out of his state. “This is not an issue of over-taxation — it’s an issue of taxing the wrong people and the wrong entities,” he told the New Haven Register. “When the middle class has to subsidize huge corporations like Wal-Mart that criminally underpay their workers, the narrative that we are overtaxed ought to be outed as ludicrous.” Since taking office, Rep. Elliott has co-sponsored several bills aimed at narrowing our economic divide, including two that directly address the CEO pay problem. One of these bills mirrors a Portland, Oregon law enacted last December that imposes a tax penalty on publicly traded corporations with CEOs making more than 100 times their typical worker pay. These laws don’t set a ceiling on how much corporations can pay their executives. But they do provide an incentive to rein in excess CEO pay and lift up workers at the bottom end. They can also generate significant revenue for urgent needs like funding pre-school programs or fixing roads and bridges. Legislators in Illinois, Minnesota, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and San Francisco are also considering CEO pay tax proposals. Elliott’s other bill would use the power of the public purse to reduce pay disparities. If enacted, companies with CEO-worker pay ratios of more than 100 to 1 wouldn’t qualify for state subsidies and grants. That would help ensure taxpayer dollars are used wisely. Research has shown that narrower pay gaps make businesses more effective by boosting employee morale and reducing turnover rates. Elliott pointed out that he’s able to go to the state capital in Hartford four times a week when the General Assembly is in session because he trusts his managers to do a good job running the market in his absence. “You need to have good employees to make money,” he told me. While efforts to narrow CEO-worker pay gaps are spreading around the country, Republicans in Washington are working to undercut them. How? By killing a federal disclosure law requiring corporations to report the gap between their CEO and median worker pay. This data, scheduled to become available in early 2018, would make the kinds of policies Elliott is promoting much easier to administer. But overpaid CEOs — and their lobbyists — want to throw up as many obstacles as they can. The massive Financial CHOICE Act, which just passed a House committee, would eliminate the pay ratio disclosure regulation, along with loosening other regulations on big Wall Street banks. It could come up for a full House vote soon. But as the debate shifts, Elliott is confident that bold proposals for change will eventually gain traction. “The conservative narrative is that business owners are the job creators,” he told me. “But if the CEOs and owners of capital have unlimited potential for their own compensation, they’re just taking money away from their employees. And that’s a system that is simply unsustainable.” _______ About author Sarah Anderson directs the Global Economy Project of the Institute for Policy Studies, a progressive multi-issue think tank, in Washington DC. Vote Result Score: 10.0, Votes: 3 Bookmark/Search this post with: | | | | | | Sarah Anderson's blog | login or register to post comments | 252 reads --> --> --> ChimpWire: Latest News Woman Allegedly Tries to Run GOP Lawmaker Off Road Over Health Care Vote May 14 2017 - 6:33pm (0 comments) If You Still Use Windows XP, Prepare For the Worst May 14 2017 - 4:26pm (0 comments) The Comey Fallout: Trump Legislative Agenda Is Dead In 2017 May 14 2017 - 8:52am (1 comments) Concrete, or beaches? World's sand running out as global construction booms May 13 2017 - 9:55am (4 comments) The Senate Starts to Look at Trump’s Businesses May 13 2017 - 8:31am (0 comments) Greg Palast: Trump Picks the Al Capone of Vote-Rigging to Investigate Federal Voter Fraud May 12 2017 - 6:03pm (0 comments) more news » Navigation home start a new thread recent popular content User login Username: * Password: * Request new password ChimpsterNation Didn't this site used to be for electing Democrats to office? by Biff 42 posts, 3027 views Presidential Historians Survey 2017 Hard to read, but the info is there. by chlorocardium 2 posts, 970 views Your favorite SC screen name by skeezyks 81 posts, 7602 views The 11th Minute of the 11th Hour of the 11th Day & Section 60 ~ ~ ~ by bitdog 24 posts, 6033 views 5479 Days . . . by aussidawg 2 posts, 751 views I'm flying to Florida in the morning. by click here 3 posts, 826 views First Clinton/Trump Debate - Sep 26, 2016 - thread by mewkitty 4 posts, 929 views more » Recent Threads Inspection- Neutering the American Voter by Ken Carman 0 comments Mothers Day: 100 ways the Deep State plans to kill off your mom... by Jane Stillwater 1 comments How to Treat the Enemy by GreyRaven 11 comments Neo-colonialism & living the Tea Party dream in Oklahoma by Jane Stillwater 0 comments AMERICA'S STATE DEPARTMENT COOPERATES IN ISRAEL'S NASTY GAME OF CALLING ITS CRITICS NAMES by John Chuckman 3 comments Democracy Now: “US Has Never Sought Regime Change in Syria” by AntiSpin 1 comments A COMMUTER'S TALE by rene sonsmann 4 comments RELEASE ME! by rene sonsmann 1 comments WHAT SO MANY AMERICANS SIMPLY DO NOT UNDERSTAND ABOUT THEIR OWN COUNTRY - PARALLELS OF AMERICA TODAY WITH 16TH CENTURY CHURCH by John Chuckman 2 comments The brotherhood that oil built: Terror in the Middle East by Jane Stillwater 5 comments IN FIFTY YEARS AMERICA'S TWO BOUTS OF MASS KILLING AND DESTRUCTION - HOW THE WEST HAS CHANGED IN ITS REACTIONS OVER THAT TIME by John Chuckman 0 comments PATRIOT-TYPES WHO DREAM OF REBELLION - MINDS COMICALLY STUCK IN TWO CENTURIES AGO - COMPLETE AND DEVASTATING FAILURE OF TRUMP by John Chuckman 0 comments ISRAEL'S 1967 ATTACK ON INTELLIGENCE SHIP U.S.S. LIBERTY DURING ITS SIX DAY WAR OF CONQUEST - LYNDON JOHNSON IS THE ONLY MYSTERY by John Chuckman 1 comments "War" and the next American generations by Jane Stillwater 0 comments Please send good thoughts for Georgia's 6th District ... by Georgia K 0 comments WHY A RUNAWAY EX-SYRIAN GENERAL'S CLAIM ABOUT TONNES OF CHEMICALS IN SYRIA IS GARBAGE - AND ANOTHER TRUE STORY ABOUT CHEMICALS by John Chuckman 17 comments A PROFESSOR SAYS KIM JONG UN AND DONALD TRUMP ARE BOTH UNSTABLE BULLIES - WHY THE ANALYSIS IS WEAK AND MISSES THE POINT by John Chuckman 8 comments WE LIVE IN THE MOST DISHONEST AND HYPOCRITICAL AND VIOLENT TIMES - WHY? - HINT: IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA OR ASSAD by John Chuckman 0 comments ALL THAT'S FIT TO PRINT ABOUT THE GOOD SHIP NEW YORK TIMES AND ITS GROTESQUE BOW FIGUREHEAD THOMAS FRIEDMAN - NOTE ON PULITZERS by John Chuckman 2 comments WHY YOU MIGHT THINK THE MAFIA RUNS AMERICAN FOREIGN AFFAIRS - BUT THE OUTFIT REALLY RUNNING THINGS MAKES THE MAFIA SEEM PIKERS - by John Chuckman 3 comments TULSI GABBARD IS THAT RAREST OF THINGS: AN AMERICAN POLITICIAN WHO THINKS FOR HERSELF AND IS HONEST - WHY SHE HAS NO FUTURE by John Chuckman 0 comments PUTIN'S PUT-DOWN OF NATO SUPPORT FOR AMERICAN ILLEGAL BOMBING: "NODDING LIKE BOBBLEHEADS" - SADLY CANADA'S DISAPPOINTING TRUDEAU by John Chuckman 0 comments POSSIBILITY SYRIAN GAS ATTACK WAS A FRAUD - WHITE HELMETS ALWAYS DOUBTFUL ACTORS - ANOTHER POSSIBILITY - INTEGRITY OF CORPORATE by John Chuckman 1 comments EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT SYRIA AND AMERICA'S NEW COLD WAR WITH RUSSIA - AS ESTABLISHMENT FIGHTS TO CONTROL EARTH by John Chuckman 0 comments NETANYAHU GIVEN BOX SEAT TO VIEW TRUMP'S BOMBING OF SYRIA - HOW FITTING IS THAT? HE IS ONE OF THE BEGETTERS AND THE MAIN BENEFIC by John Chuckman 2 comments Recommended Threads The highest-rated threads (minimum ten votes): This Is What Waterboarding Looks Like by David Corn 56 comments 44313 reads Barking Mad by Mike Whitney 28 comments 26465 reads Police Spying in the Birthplace of the First Amendment by Dave Lindorff 11 comments 15368 reads Shame on Us All by Robert Parry 44 comments 17910 reads David Kuo's Book "Tempting Faith": The Author's Agenda, the Authoritarian Behavior He Reports, And the White House's Response by John W. Dean 34 comments 116897 reads Olbermann Special Commentary Nov. 1 by Barry Ragin 28 comments 28628 reads Housing Bubble Smack-down by Mike Whitney 30 comments 29021 reads At Least We Aren't Nazis! by Pamela Troy 10 comments 15784 reads An Important Story You Didn't See by Stephen Pizzo 34 comments 28575 reads Why I Love Santa by Cenk Uygur 9 comments 12842 reads Delusions of victory by Sidney Blumenthal 20 comments 14795 reads The Public Housing Struggle in New Orleans: A Tale of Two Sisters by Bill Quigley 3 comments 12753 reads Saddam is Dead by punkmonksf 34 comments 43658 reads The 2006 WTF? Awards! by Ed Naha 8 comments 13514 reads Olbermann: Special comment about â€˜sacrificeâ€™ by sofazappa 9 comments 12720 reads Socialism Smirking Chimp on Facebook Upcoming events no upcoming events available more Browse archives « May 2017   Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31       Follow us Become a fan Subscribe Search Advertisement The Daily Chimp Links to our front-page articles, emailed to you once a day. E-mail: Subscribe Unsubscribe Previous issues Syndicate Blogroll Blogs Alan Bisbort Alicublog Americablog Andrew Bard Schmookler Atrios Bad Attitudes Barry Lando Barry Yourgrau Barbara O'Brien Bartcop Blog Report Bob Geiger Booman Tribune BTC News Chris Floyd Cliff Schecter Crooks and Liars Culture Kitchen Daily Kos Dave Lindorff David Corn David Sirota David Swanson Demosthenes Digby Ed Naha Ed Tant Firedoglake Greg Palast Hal O'Boyle James Wolcott Jayne Lyn Stahl Jesus' General Joe Bageant Josh Marshall Len Hart Liberal Oasis Making Light Media Is A Plural My Left Wing Pierre Tristam PM Carpenter Political Junkies RJ Eskow Riverbend Roger Ailes Rude Pundit Russ Baker Sadly, No Scholars & Rouges Scott Shuster Seeing The Forest Skippy Stephen Elliott Stephen Pizzo Steve Gilliard Susie Madrak Ted Rall Timothy Gatto William Fisher Worldwide Sawdust Advocacy Mesothelioma Treatment News & Commentary AlterNet Antiwar.com Black Agenda Report Black Commentator Buffalo Beast BuzzFlash Consortium News Common Dreams CounterPunch Crisis Papers Democratic Underground Democrats.com Dissident Voice Drudge Retort In These Times The Huffington Post MediaChannel The Nation The Progressive The Washington Monthly Scoop TomPaine.com Truthdig Truthout Virtual Citizens Working For Change Radio & TV The Young Turks Thom Hartmann Who's online There are currently 2 users and 26 guests online. Online users H. C. Jack Shaftoe habeus corpses   100 Most Recent Threads | Topics & Issues | Events | Polls | Chimp 1.0 Home | Top About | Contact | Advertise | Shop | Donate Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011 Smirking Chimp Media bot trap
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds Asian Image Like us on Facebook Our Twitter feeds Twitter follow us on Twitter Register | Sign In Search Manchester 10°c News Sport jobs Columnists Videos What's On Property Announcements Cars education Sections Search NewsUnited KingdomFusion Awards North of England United Kingdom World Business General Election 2017 Education Press Assocation News Fusion AwardsNorth of EnglandUnited KingdomWorldBusinessGeneral Election 2017EducationPress Assocation Sport National SportImage Football Cup Columnists Dear MassiLast BitThe Daily MoslemBeauty Blog Jobs Search JobsJobs NewsPost a Job Videos Sid's top videosNational Video News What's On NightlifeComedyTheatreExhibitionsFairs & MarketsCar Boot SalesWalksNational Entertainment NewsWhat's onMoviesTVMusicShowbiz Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty News Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAll Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsCar Reviews Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad Revealed: How 'Walter Mitty' character duped the world into thinking he was 'baron of spirits' (Credit: TERNOPILLIVE.COM) 4 comments JUST over a year ago, on the main drag of a former Soviet provincial town, a young man emerged from a white stretched Hummer Limousine and promised to create a thousand jobs. Sporting a showy printed blazer over a heavy metal t-shirt, jeans and embellished baseball boots, the youth did not quite look the part of a tycoon as he watched local dignitaries cut the red ribbon of what they thought was a new HQ of his global alcohol empire. Yet this was, local news outlets declared, the son of an Indian beer billionaire. He planned, they said, to invest $30 million by the end of the year building or refurbishing five distilleries to make vodka for export. READ MORE: Whisky industry declares war on mystery 'tycoon' So arrived in Ternopil, western Ukraine, a man who styled himself “the baron of spirits”, a young-looking 33-year-old named, in so far as anyone could tell, Tofikuddin Ovaysi. Six months later he was gone, his dramatic claims debunked, his business bankrupt and his bills unpaid. Officials in the city, which is about the size of Aberdeen, no longer talk of the man they eventually called “Tofik”. They’re embarrassed. “He hasn’t been mentioned for about six months,” said one local. “After all, in the town he had some real patronage.” She meant political cover. On paper, local officials in Ternopil, desperate for jobs, might have had reason to give Mr Ovaysi his warm welcome. Because, at least according to Britain’s official register of corporations, Companies House, the mysterious businessman owns some of the biggest global brands in Scotch whisky, beer, vodka and rum, as well as car maker Volvo, tobacco giants BAT and supermarkets Asda, Wal-Mart and Carrefour Except, in reality, he does not. The 33-year-old has simply registered scores of English limited companies – currently 96 – with names almost identical to those of real corporations or their brands. Each registration cost £10. (Credit: TERNOPILLIVE.COM) Many of his current firms are English-registered clones of Scottish brands both large and small. His list of businesses includes names like Johnny Walker, Macallan, Miller, Glenfiddich, Bacardi, Smirnoff, Guinness, Chivas Brothers, Toremore, Balvenie, Glenturret, Glenlivet, London Dry Gin, Martini, Stella Artois, Strathisla, Bushmills and Kilbeggan. This brand grab has, as The Herald reveals today, sparked a major backlash from industry. Diageo, the world’s biggest whisky maker, has confirmed it is taking action while William Grant and Sons, Bushmills and Bacardi have already done so. The story of how a single individual was able to set up scores of British firms in the names of some of the world’s biggest brands is remarkable enough. But Mr Ovaysi was also able to convince an entire city that he was a tycoon, and not without the help of corporate registries, including Britain’s. And that involved his biggest slight of corporate hand: to become India’s United Breweries. Back in February 2016 when Mr Ovaysi stepped outside his Hummer (later journalists discovered he had rented the vehicle from a neighbouring town), the assumption was that he was from the business, best known for its Kingfisher beer. After all, limo, parked on the town’s central avenue, Stepan Bandera, was draped in a banner declaring “Laskovo Prosimo”, Ukrainian for welcome, and carrying the logo of a business called UB Groupe. This looked an awful lot like the trademark of UB Group, the main United Breweries vehicle of its owner billionaire Vijay Mallya. (Credit: TERNOPILLIVE.COM) News sources feverishly reported that Mr Ovaysi, who is of South Asian appearance, represented the Indian business. They even said he was Mr Mallya’s son. Within months Mr Ovaysi was, in fact, not only the owner of a Ukrainian clone of UB Group. He had also registered companies at Britain’s Companies House which looked every bit like the real thing. He still owns UK-registered United Breweries Group Limited and a Kingfisher Beer Limited. So Ternopil put on quite a show for “Tofik” when he arrived. One paper called it “burlesque”. There were balloons, banners, flags and a security guard bursting open a magnum of champagne. An Orthodox priest blessed proceedings with holy water while two models in national dress gave Mr Ovaysi a traditional welcome gift of bread and salt. Inside the HQ –which had gold painted alabaster columns – a line of young models in black evening gowns handed out gift bags next to a statue of Indian deity carrying a giant bottle of Finlandia on her head. (Mr Ovaysi was later to register both Finlandia and its maker, Brown-Forman, as his own). Reports varied about exactly how rich Mr Ovaysi was and exactly how much money he was going to invest in Ukraine. But they all agreed there were going to be lots of jobs making alcohol for export. And that this was big deal. The former head of the regional police joined his firm as a business development manager. Mr Ovaysi’s UB-Groupe practically became a household name, sponsoring a big screen fan zone for the 2016 European football finals and a beauty contest, which Mr Ovaysi judged. Six months later news reports were saying wages at UB-Groupe were two months in arrears, rent was owed and the firm had not been able to finance a test batch of vodka. One local news site said relatives had pulled the plug on Mr Ovaysi after he spent $2m. This came after threw a birthday party for himself said to cost more than $10,000. Later journalists were to dig more. That Hummer? Rented in the neighbouring town, they found out. The logo for UB-Groupe, they discovered, was not the same as Mr Mallya’s business. And Mr Ovaysi, they noted, did not have the youthful good looks of Mr Mallya’s real son, Siddharth. (Credit: TERNOPILLIVE.COM) Article continues after... More Articles Six Sikhs selected as Labour’s Parliamentary Candidates for election Former Respect leader says she is standing for election in bid to reverse 'years of neglect' ‘Doctor in the House’ returns for second series Three women, including mother and daughter in court charged with alleged terror plot 'Evha was a beautiful little girl who was full of love and always smiling' “The King has no clothes,” declared local internet paper Ternopilskaya Lipa. “That is the only conclusion we can come to after analysing all the facts. But the question is: what was the point of all the lies?” Another local newspaper, Nova, openly compared Mr Ovaysi to Ostap Bender, the legendary “great combinator”, or schemer, or early Soviet satire. He convinced the local elite, said the paper, to invest. A lot of them are very unhappy. So who is Mr Ovaysi? Where is he from? The “Baron of Spirits” did not respond to letters from The Herald to the address of his London maildrop where he registered his British virtual empire. His email, which was a faked account from Diageo, also did not respond. A Tofikuddin Rakhmatuddinovich Ovaysi is listed as a sole trader in Moscow. A man of that name also had a small business which says it trades in potatoes. In Ternopil, newspapers believe this to be their “Tofik”. The virtual tycoon, at least in digital form, did came up with a plan for a new local drink, Vodka Ternopil, or VT-7. Its logo was an angel in a revealing dress and, according to its website, it was presented by “Baron of Spirits Tofikuddin Ovaysi & UBG Family”. In an online appeal for investors, Mr Ovaysi appeared to be concerned that somebody would steal his idea. After a health warning in broken English (“Must don’t Addict”), the site of VT-7 threatens, without a hint of irony, a minimum $1m fine for misuse of its brand. 4 comments Most popular See more stories Most popular See more stories Comments Sort comments by oldest first Sort comments by newest first Sort comments by highest scored Andrew McMillan 8:14am Mon 10 Apr 17 Clearly a clown with no taste who impresses some really stupid folk. Clearly a clown with no taste who impresses some really stupid folk. Andrew McMillan Clearly a clown with no taste who impresses some really stupid folk. Report Score: 4 Gerry MaGuire 7:02am Mon 10 Apr 17 He looks so fake he's not real. He looks so fake he's not real. Gerry MaGuire He looks so fake he's not real. Report Score: 6 andrew macaulay 7:21am Mon 10 Apr 17 I wouldn't underestimate this man: apparently he has real resources behind him even if he dresses oddly. I wouldn't underestimate this man: apparently he has real resources behind him even if he dresses oddly. andrew macaulay I wouldn't underestimate this man: apparently he has real resources behind him even if he dresses oddly. Report Score: 1 Lawson Stewart andrew macaulay 9:05am Mon 10 Apr 17 Your at least consistent in your taste of the oddities, compounding your inability in displaying your not the full shilling Your at least consistent in your taste of the oddities, compounding your inability in displaying your not the full shilling Lawson Stewart Your at least consistent in your taste of the oddities, compounding your inability in displaying your not the full shilling Report Score: 4 Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Newsquest (North West) Ltd, Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY|3102566|Registered in England & Wales Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds Asian Image Like us on Facebook Our Twitter feeds Twitter follow us on Twitter Register | Sign In Search Manchester 10°c News Sport jobs Columnists Videos What's On Property Announcements Cars education Sections Search NewsUnited KingdomFusion Awards North of England United Kingdom World Business General Election 2017 Education Press Assocation News Fusion AwardsNorth of EnglandUnited KingdomWorldBusinessGeneral Election 2017EducationPress Assocation Sport National SportImage Football Cup Columnists Dear MassiLast BitThe Daily MoslemBeauty Blog Jobs Search JobsJobs NewsPost a Job Videos Sid's top videosNational Video News What's On NightlifeComedyTheatreExhibitionsFairs & MarketsCar Boot SalesWalksNational Entertainment NewsWhat's onMoviesTVMusicShowbiz Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty News Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAll Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsCar Reviews Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad Whisky giants go to war with mystery 'brand scam tycoon' (Credit: TERNOPILLIVE.COM) / David Leask, Chief Reporter 52 comments SCOTLAND's whisky industry has declared war on a mystery "tycoon" who claims to represent many of the biggest brands in world spirits. Major concerns such as Diageo, Pernod Ricard and William Grants and Sons are moving to challenge scores of firms set up in London to mimic their names. READ MORE: How 'Walter Mitty' character duped the world into thinking he was 'baron of spirits' In what politicians say is another symptom of Britain's lax and widely abused company registration system, a single entrepreneur called Tofikuddin Ovaysi has formed nearly 100 UK shell businesses cloning brands such as Balvenie, Macallan, Glenfiddich, Smirnoff and Bacardi. Mr Ovaysi, who styles himself as the "baron of spirits", has also registered companies that on paper look like real divisions of Volvo and supermarkets Asda, Wal-Mart and Carrefour. Some big brands have already succeeded in stripping several of Mr Ovaysi's firms of their cloned names but most remain live nearly a year after they were set up. Owning the real companies he has mimicked would have made Mr Ovaysi, who claims to be Russian, one of the richest people on the planet. The 33-year-old was able to build his virtual empire with £10 registrations of 96 clone firms at the UK's public registry, Companies House, using a mailbox address in London. The Herald earlier this year revealed that just six members of staff at Companies House policed the accuracy of filings at its register after questions from MP Roger Mullin. READ MORE: How 'Walter Mitty' character duped the world into thinking he was 'baron of spirits' The SNP figure last night said the Ovaysi case underlined the need for urgent moves to beef up the body, which has four million firms on its books and many more directors, many of whom are thought to be falsely or inaccurately recorded. Mr Mullin said: "Companies House simply doesn't have the resource to properly investigate and administer registrations. This is making it much easier than it should be for rogue registrations, and for dubious practices to go undetected." Companies House said it did not check new registrations for name infringements but urged people applying for businesses to do so. It is up to firms who feel their names have been stolen to appeal, the public body said. Mr Ovaysi did not respond to written requests for comment at the virtual office he claimed to use in London or at a cloned Diageo email he used. Companies House said it did not check new registrations for The Russian appears to have registered many of the companies last summer while living and working in Ukraine where he was wrongly reported to be the son of millionaire Vijay Mallya of India's United Breweries or UB Group, makers of Kingfisher beer. Mr Ovaysi - in a ceremony described as a "burlesque show" by local media - last February opened what was understood to be the Ukrainian HQ of UB in the provincial city of Ternopil amid promises of hundreds of jobs and millions of dollars in investment. After judging a local beauty contest, hosting lavish parties and mixing with local politicians, Mr Ovaysi quit Ternopil by September when his Ukrainian business, called UB Groupe rather than UB Group, was declared bankrupt. Mr Ovaysi, while in Ternopil, also used Britain's Companies House to register a companies using the UB name, including United Breweries Group Limited. At the same time he registered registered more than 70 internet domains, almost all featuring the word Diageo, which is among firms moving against Mr Ovaysi. A spokeswoman for the world's biggest whisky maker said: "Diageo are aware of the company and domain names registered by Mr Ovaysi and our legal counsel are working to address this activity." A spokeswoman for Pernod Ricard's Paisley-based Chivas Brothers business said: "While we do not comment on individual cases, we can confirm we are aware of this matter. As is often the case with established global and luxury brands, people want to copy you. We are taking action on an on-going basis to protect our company name and tackle any abuse of our intellectual property if and when we find it." Rosemary Gallagher, Scotch Whisky Association head of communications, said: “Scotch Whisky businesses, like all companies, need to be vigilant to potentially fraudulent activity. While this is a responsibility for individual businesses, part of the SWA’s role is to uphold the high quality reputation of the entire Scotch Whisky industry and we will continue to support our members as best we can.” Article continues after... More Articles Six Sikhs selected as Labour’s Parliamentary Candidates for election Former Respect leader says she is standing for election in bid to reverse 'years of neglect' ‘Doctor in the House’ returns for second series Three women, including mother and daughter in court charged with alleged terror plot 'Evha was a beautiful little girl who was full of love and always smiling' A spokesman for Companies House said: “We don’t check the trademark register before registering a company. Our guidance encourages people to do a check. “If two company names are so similar they’re likely to confuse the public, they’re considered the ‘same as’. “The Business Names regulations explain what’s considered ‘same as’. “After the registration of a new company name, any pre-existing company can object to the new registration. “A company could be required to change its registered name following a complaint if: • the name is ‘too like’ an existing name on the register; • misleading information to support the use of a sensitive word or expression was provided at the time of registration; • the name gives a misleading indication of the company’s activities, so it’s likely to cause harm to the public; • the company no longer justifies omitting ‘Limited’ from the end of its name • the name is the same as a name associated with the applicant (complainant) in which he has goodwill; or it is sufficiently similar and is likely to mislead by suggesting a connection between the company and the applicant This is called ‘opportunistic registration’. “A name may be ‘too like’ an existing name if it differs from another name on the register by only a few characters, signs, symbols or punctuation or it looks and sounds the same. “When considering a complaint on grounds of ‘too like’ we can’t take account of factors such as alleged trademark infringement, implied association, possible passing off, geographic location or similarity of activities.” 52 comments Most popular See more stories Most popular See more stories Comments Sort comments by oldest first Sort comments by newest first Sort comments by highest scored stewart short 12:46am Mon 10 Apr 17 This is the Legal world of-- Mossack Fonseca- style Panama and International Banking spivs,tax dodgers and Drug laundering activity. Scotch whisky is important to Scotland these pimps are working out of London.They are following "elite" practices,that have been going on for years ,the brave journalists who reported and wrote about shell company tax avoidance and evasion in" The Panama Papers ", warned us all.Its literally taking the **** out of a fine industry . Another reason to vote for Independence. This is the Legal world of-- Mossack Fonseca- style Panama and International Banking spivs,tax dodgers and Drug laundering activity. Scotch whisky is important to Scotland these pimps are working out of London.They are following "elite" practices,that have been going on for years ,the brave journalists who reported and wrote about shell company tax avoidance and evasion in" The Panama Papers ", warned us all.Its literally taking the **** out of a fine industry . Another reason to vote for Independence. stewart short This is the Legal world of-- Mossack Fonseca- style Panama and International Banking spivs,tax dodgers and Drug laundering activity. Scotch whisky is important to Scotland these pimps are working out of London.They are following "elite" practices,that have been going on for years ,the brave journalists who reported and wrote about shell company tax avoidance and evasion in" The Panama Papers ", warned us all.Its literally taking the **** out of a fine industry . Another reason to vote for Independence. Report Score: 28 Alex Ford stewart short 1:00am Mon 10 Apr 17 Because a small poor country would have the resources to fight them? Because a small poor country would have the resources to fight them? Alex Ford Because a small poor country would have the resources to fight them? Report Score: 2 Erin Du Bois Alex Ford 5:17am Mon 10 Apr 17 oh my goodness Alex, get up off of your knees. You might find the view refreshing. oh my goodness Alex, get up off of your knees. You might find the view refreshing. Erin Du Bois oh my goodness Alex, get up off of your knees. You might find the view refreshing. Report Score: 43 Peter Moseley Erin Du Bois 6:53am Mon 10 Apr 17 If he ever reached your elevated position, he might end up crashing down to earth with a bang one day, as will you. Last edited: 11:23pm Mon 10 Apr 17 If he ever reached your elevated position, he might end up crashing down to earth with a bang one day, as will you. Peter Moseley If he ever reached your elevated position, he might end up crashing down to earth with a bang one day, as will you. Report Score: 1 Michael murray Erin Du Bois 9:29am Mon 10 Apr 17 This is pathetic. A sign of the new inclusive welcoming independent Scotland no doubt . I'm nor sure how we can claim to welcome others here whenor there is quite patently a total contempt for anyone who even ask a question of the as yer undisclosed case for independence This is pathetic. A sign of the new inclusive welcoming independent Scotland no doubt . I'm nor sure how we can claim to welcome others here whenor there is quite patently a total contempt for anyone who even ask a question of the as yer undisclosed case for independence Michael murray This is pathetic. A sign of the new inclusive welcoming independent Scotland no doubt . I'm nor sure how we can claim to welcome others here whenor there is quite patently a total contempt for anyone who even ask a question of the as yer undisclosed case for independence Report Score: 2 Alasdair MacKenzie Michael murray 10:32am Mon 10 Apr 17 Are you seriously attempting to justify the disgraceful comment made by Alex Ford to which Erin quite rightly and appropriately responded? People like Alex Ford are a disgrace to this country and are quite properly open to ridicule. Are you seriously attempting to justify the disgraceful comment made by Alex Ford to which Erin quite rightly and appropriately responded? People like Alex Ford are a disgrace to this country and are quite properly open to ridicule. Alasdair MacKenzie Are you seriously attempting to justify the disgraceful comment made by Alex Ford to which Erin quite rightly and appropriately responded? People like Alex Ford are a disgrace to this country and are quite properly open to ridicule. Report Score: 13 Michael murray Alasdair MacKenzie 1:37pm Mon 10 Apr 17 No he isn't. You are simply trying to defend thuggish behaviour and sayou it's OK because I'm a thug that agrees with them Last edited: 9:29pm Mon 10 Apr 17 No he isn't. You are simply trying to defend thuggish behaviour and sayou it's OK because I'm a thug that agrees with them Michael murray No he isn't. You are simply trying to defend thuggish behaviour and sayou it's OK because I'm a thug that agrees with them Report Score: 1 brian watters Alex Ford 8:51am Mon 10 Apr 17 yes , by the simple recourse of making their abuse of the system illegal . Something Westminster has so far point blank refused to do with Scottish Shell Companies. mainly because most of the dubious funds being laundered through such companies is usually en route to further inflate the London property bubble. Last edited: 11:20pm Mon 10 Apr 17 yes , by the simple recourse of making their abuse of the system illegal . Something Westminster has so far point blank refused to do with Scottish Shell Companies. mainly because most of the dubious funds being laundered through such companies is usually en route to further inflate the London property bubble. brian watters yes , by the simple recourse of making their abuse of the system illegal . Something Westminster has so far point blank refused to do with Scottish Shell Companies. mainly because most of the dubious funds being laundered through such companies is usually en route to further inflate the London property bubble. Report Score: 12 stewart short brian watters 2:47pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Its the Scam capital for house price manipulation,and any old money will do,no matter where it comes from,nudge nudge wink wink. Its the Scam capital for house price manipulation,and any old money will do,no matter where it comes from,nudge nudge wink wink. stewart short Its the Scam capital for house price manipulation,and any old money will do,no matter where it comes from,nudge nudge wink wink. Report Score: 2 Alistair Waddell Alex Ford 11:10am Mon 10 Apr 17 "Because a small poor country would have the resources to fight them?" Thankfully Scotland will no longer be a "small poor country" once we have control of our resources Alex. "Because a small poor country would have the resources to fight them?" Thankfully Scotland will no longer be a "small poor country" once we have control of our resources Alex. Alistair Waddell "Because a small poor country would have the resources to fight them?" Thankfully Scotland will no longer be a "small poor country" once we have control of our resources Alex. Report Score: 8 Michael murray Alistair Waddell 1:40pm Mon 10 Apr 17 And the proof for that is what exactly ? Gers is made up , exports sneaked through English ports . And you can't tell anything about the finances of an independent Scotland .. except we will be better off? And the proof for that is what exactly ? Gers is made up , exports sneaked through English ports . And you can't tell anything about the finances of an independent Scotland .. except we will be better off? Michael murray And the proof for that is what exactly ? Gers is made up , exports sneaked through English ports . And you can't tell anything about the finances of an independent Scotland .. except we will be better off? Report Score: 4 Hugh Armstrong Michael murray 3:18pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Meanwhile Westminster's running the show and has racked up £1.7 trillion in debt, has to import more than it exports (contributing to the level of debt) and they can't tell us anything about the finances of a Brexiting UK ... except we will be better off ... as the OBR tells us they're taking us back to the 1930's and Carney, who's ready to bail out of the sinking ship, tells us they've taken us back to the 1860's. Back, back in time we go to the point that Westminster's going to be using Henry V111 legislation. You couldnae make it up. Meanwhile Westminster's running the show and has racked up £1.7 trillion in debt, has to import more than it exports (contributing to the level of debt) and they can't tell us anything about the finances of a Brexiting UK ... except we will be better off ... as the OBR tells us they're taking us back to the 1930's and Carney, who's ready to bail out of the sinking ship, tells us they've taken us back to the 1860's. Back, back in time we go to the point that Westminster's going to be using Henry V111 legislation. You couldnae make it up. Hugh Armstrong Meanwhile Westminster's running the show and has racked up £1.7 trillion in debt, has to import more than it exports (contributing to the level of debt) and they can't tell us anything about the finances of a Brexiting UK ... except we will be better off ... as the OBR tells us they're taking us back to the 1930's and Carney, who's ready to bail out of the sinking ship, tells us they've taken us back to the 1860's. Back, back in time we go to the point that Westminster's going to be using Henry V111 legislation. You couldnae make it up. Report Score: 2 Alistair Waddell Michael murray 4:21pm Mon 10 Apr 17 "And the proof for that is what exactly ? Gers is made up , exports sneaked through English ports . And you can't tell anything about the finances of an independent Scotland .. except we will be better off?" And where is your proof we wouldn't be better off Michael? GERS figures only estimate how poor Scotland is doing under Westminster control and they're reluctance to open the books only reinforces my belief that an independent Scotland would do a lot better. "And the proof for that is what exactly ? Gers is made up , exports sneaked through English ports . And you can't tell anything about the finances of an independent Scotland .. except we will be better off?" And where is your proof we wouldn't be better off Michael? GERS figures only estimate how poor Scotland is doing under Westminster control and they're reluctance to open the books only reinforces my belief that an independent Scotland would do a lot better. Alistair Waddell "And the proof for that is what exactly ? Gers is made up , exports sneaked through English ports . And you can't tell anything about the finances of an independent Scotland .. except we will be better off?" And where is your proof we wouldn't be better off Michael? GERS figures only estimate how poor Scotland is doing under Westminster control and they're reluctance to open the books only reinforces my belief that an independent Scotland would do a lot better. Report Score: 2 Ken Morrison Alex Ford 7:54am Tue 11 Apr 17 sad and pathetic. Scotland may be small but it is not poor and it's people, I don't include you in that, are inventors of the highest order and proud. we don't need snivelling cap doffers like you. sad and pathetic. Scotland may be small but it is not poor and it's people, I don't include you in that, are inventors of the highest order and proud. we don't need snivelling cap doffers like you. Ken Morrison sad and pathetic. Scotland may be small but it is not poor and it's people, I don't include you in that, are inventors of the highest order and proud. we don't need snivelling cap doffers like you. Report Score: 0 Russell Vallance stewart short 2:10am Mon 10 Apr 17 "Another reason to vote for independence". There are detailed UK regulations from 2009 on "same as" company names. A complaint can be made to the Company Names Tribunal if some chancer tries it on. What's wrong with the "legal world" then? Another reason to think you don't know what you're talking about. "Another reason to vote for independence". There are detailed UK regulations from 2009 on "same as" company names. A complaint can be made to the Company Names Tribunal if some chancer tries it on. What's wrong with the "legal world" then? Another reason to think you don't know what you're talking about. Russell Vallance "Another reason to vote for independence". There are detailed UK regulations from 2009 on "same as" company names. A complaint can be made to the Company Names Tribunal if some chancer tries it on. What's wrong with the "legal world" then? Another reason to think you don't know what you're talking about. Report Score: 9 stewart short Russell Vallance 2:35pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Shell companies are used to defraud ,they are set up by legal firms like Mossack Fonseca, the object is avoidance of accountability and tax avoidance & evasion,where these legal firms make large fees,their clients are politcal leaders and Despots in Africa ,Drug Cartels in South America who use them for laundering drug money.They are used by 8 large banks in Germany,where its all right to break the law as long as its not inside Germany.What is wrong "with the legal world",nothing wrong with the legal world, its the illegal activity they help to encourage,dumbo. It's my opinion that there is a lot wrong with Mossack Fonseca. Last edited: 4:27pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Shell companies are used to defraud ,they are set up by legal firms like Mossack Fonseca, the object is avoidance of accountability and tax avoidance & evasion,where these legal firms make large fees,their clients are politcal leaders and Despots in Africa ,Drug Cartels in South America who use them for laundering drug money.They are used by 8 large banks in Germany,where its all right to break the law as long as its not inside Germany.What is wrong "with the legal world",nothing wrong with the legal world, its the illegal activity they help to encourage,dumbo. It's my opinion that there is a lot wrong with Mossack Fonseca. stewart short Shell companies are used to defraud ,they are set up by legal firms like Mossack Fonseca, the object is avoidance of accountability and tax avoidance & evasion,where these legal firms make large fees,their clients are politcal leaders and Despots in Africa ,Drug Cartels in South America who use them for laundering drug money.They are used by 8 large banks in Germany,where its all right to break the law as long as its not inside Germany.What is wrong "with the legal world",nothing wrong with the legal world, its the illegal activity they help to encourage,dumbo. It's my opinion that there is a lot wrong with Mossack Fonseca. Report Score: 1 stewart short Russell Vallance 2:53pm Mon 10 Apr 17 So the whisky industry have nothing to worry about according to your analysis.Have you been out too long in the sunshine sunshine. So the whisky industry have nothing to worry about according to your analysis.Have you been out too long in the sunshine sunshine. stewart short So the whisky industry have nothing to worry about according to your analysis.Have you been out too long in the sunshine sunshine. Report Score: 2 Peter Moseley stewart short 5:20am Mon 10 Apr 17 Edit: Why don't you whinge that the EU isn't doing anything to protect named brands? They do it for French cheeses and German sausages don't they?" Last edited: 12:29pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Edit: Why don't you whinge that the EU isn't doing anything to protect named brands? They do it for French cheeses and German sausages don't they?" Peter Moseley Edit: Why don't you whinge that the EU isn't doing anything to protect named brands? They do it for French cheeses and German sausages don't they?" Report Score: 11 Paul Mahon Peter Moseley 6:18am Mon 10 Apr 17 Germany and France are independent members of the EU. The above was in reply to Mr Moseley's original comment: "What's independence got to do with anything? Most of the multinationals who own Scottish distilleries are not Scottish companies. Why don't you whinge that the EU isn't doing anything to protect named brands? They do it for French cheeses and German sausages don't they?" He later edited out the final sentence. Last edited: 2:44pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Germany and France are independent members of the EU. The above was in reply to Mr Moseley's original comment: "What's independence got to do with anything? Most of the multinationals who own Scottish distilleries are not Scottish companies. Why don't you whinge that the EU isn't doing anything to protect named brands? They do it for French cheeses and German sausages don't they?" He later edited out the final sentence. Paul Mahon Germany and France are independent members of the EU. The above was in reply to Mr Moseley's original comment: "What's independence got to do with anything? Most of the multinationals who own Scottish distilleries are not Scottish companies. Why don't you whinge that the EU isn't doing anything to protect named brands? They do it for French cheeses and German sausages don't they?" He later edited out the final sentence. Report Score: 11 ray Hardie Paul Mahon 7:27am Mon 10 Apr 17 Yes, and he also chooses to “forget” that very recently it was reported that Whitehall had declined to add UK protected geographic names of origin to the EU-Canada trade treaty. Other EU member states chose to protect their local producers. It was the UK that uniquely decided (against parliamentary opposition from MPs representing the devolved countries) not to bother. We know that the complaints of the UK fishing industry do not lie fundamentally with the EU, but with the lack of effective input by UK politicians to the Common Fisheries Policy. It was not necessary for the UK to allocate a large portion of its quota to non-UK operated vessels, or to trade away so much of our expected entitlement. I think that the pro-Brexit fishing crews are in for a big disappointment when Mrs May gives up “control” over UK waters in return for immigration and customs controls in France and “sovereignty” over Gibraltar's tax haven status. Last edited: 4:28pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Yes, and he also chooses to “forget” that very recently it was reported that Whitehall had declined to add UK protected geographic names of origin to the EU-Canada trade treaty. Other EU member states chose to protect their local producers. It was the UK that uniquely decided (against parliamentary opposition from MPs representing the devolved countries) not to bother. We know that the complaints of the UK fishing industry do not lie fundamentally with the EU, but with the lack of effective input by UK politicians to the Common Fisheries Policy. It was not necessary for the UK to allocate a large portion of its quota to non-UK operated vessels, or to trade away so much of our expected entitlement. I think that the pro-Brexit fishing crews are in for a big disappointment when Mrs May gives up “control” over UK waters in return for immigration and customs controls in France and “sovereignty” over Gibraltar's tax haven status. ray Hardie Yes, and he also chooses to “forget” that very recently it was reported that Whitehall had declined to add UK protected geographic names of origin to the EU-Canada trade treaty. Other EU member states chose to protect their local producers. It was the UK that uniquely decided (against parliamentary opposition from MPs representing the devolved countries) not to bother. We know that the complaints of the UK fishing industry do not lie fundamentally with the EU, but with the lack of effective input by UK politicians to the Common Fisheries Policy. It was not necessary for the UK to allocate a large portion of its quota to non-UK operated vessels, or to trade away so much of our expected entitlement. I think that the pro-Brexit fishing crews are in for a big disappointment when Mrs May gives up “control” over UK waters in return for immigration and customs controls in France and “sovereignty” over Gibraltar's tax haven status. Report Score: 16 Peter Moseley Paul Mahon 7:42am Mon 10 Apr 17 No they are not - the laws made by their parliaments are superseded by those from Strasbourg. No they are not - the laws made by their parliaments are superseded by those from Strasbourg. Peter Moseley No they are not - the laws made by their parliaments are superseded by those from Strasbourg. Report Score: 0 Peter Moseley Paul Mahon 7:44am Mon 10 Apr 17 Yes I did as no-one had replied or upvoted it - I realized the EU only protects regional products, rather then brands. Have now replaced it. Last edited: 7:47am Mon 10 Apr 17 Yes I did as no-one had replied or upvoted it - I realized the EU only protects regional products, rather then brands. Have now replaced it. Peter Moseley Yes I did as no-one had replied or upvoted it - I realized the EU only protects regional products, rather then brands. Have now replaced it. Report Score: 0 Keith Francis Farrell Peter Moseley 10:29am Mon 10 Apr 17 The problem is that Westminster has until now had veto powers with the EU. Which they have used to great effect to block anything that enhances the wealth of the ruling elite. Shell companies, tax avoidance. Paying slave wages. These are only the yip of the iceberg when it comes to getting the elite to stop punishing the poor and disabled. Sadly they don't like the parties like the SNP and Greens that fight for the ordinary people. Labour lost their way and got taken over by Tories. That is why this country is failing. Nothing to do with Brexit. No matter how foolish people are to have voted for brexit. The super rich Tories will control the UK. Unless people wake up and realise there is no UK without Scotland. Scotland will be independent and protecting all its people, their rights and needs, with the aid of the EU. The problem is that Westminster has until now had veto powers with the EU. Which they have used to great effect to block anything that enhances the wealth of the ruling elite. Shell companies, tax avoidance. Paying slave wages. These are only the yip of the iceberg when it comes to getting the elite to stop punishing the poor and disabled. Sadly they don't like the parties like the SNP and Greens that fight for the ordinary people. Labour lost their way and got taken over by Tories. That is why this country is failing. Nothing to do with Brexit. No matter how foolish people are to have voted for brexit. The super rich Tories will control the UK. Unless people wake up and realise there is no UK without Scotland. Scotland will be independent and protecting all its people, their rights and needs, with the aid of the EU. Keith Francis Farrell The problem is that Westminster has until now had veto powers with the EU. Which they have used to great effect to block anything that enhances the wealth of the ruling elite. Shell companies, tax avoidance. Paying slave wages. These are only the yip of the iceberg when it comes to getting the elite to stop punishing the poor and disabled. Sadly they don't like the parties like the SNP and Greens that fight for the ordinary people. Labour lost their way and got taken over by Tories. That is why this country is failing. Nothing to do with Brexit. No matter how foolish people are to have voted for brexit. The super rich Tories will control the UK. Unless people wake up and realise there is no UK without Scotland. Scotland will be independent and protecting all its people, their rights and needs, with the aid of the EU. Report Score: 3 Hugh Armstrong Keith Francis Farrell 3:32pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Westminster didn't like the fact that the EU requested that they cap bankers / CEOs wages / bonus. A major contributor to the massive rich / poor divide in the UK: in the top four most inequitable countries of the civilised world. London with more millionaires than any other city in the world whilst millions of kids in the UK are living in poverty. Time to get out folks. Westminster didn't like the fact that the EU requested that they cap bankers / CEOs wages / bonus. A major contributor to the massive rich / poor divide in the UK: in the top four most inequitable countries of the civilised world. London with more millionaires than any other city in the world whilst millions of kids in the UK are living in poverty. Time to get out folks. Hugh Armstrong Westminster didn't like the fact that the EU requested that they cap bankers / CEOs wages / bonus. A major contributor to the massive rich / poor divide in the UK: in the top four most inequitable countries of the civilised world. London with more millionaires than any other city in the world whilst millions of kids in the UK are living in poverty. Time to get out folks. Report Score: 1 Alasdair MacKenzie Peter Moseley 10:33am Mon 10 Apr 17 And they do it for Arbroath smokes and Stornoway black pudding, among a host of other Scottish products. Protections that we are likely to lose with Brexit thanks to Westminster's indifference. And they do it for Arbroath smokes and Stornoway black pudding, among a host of other Scottish products. Protections that we are likely to lose with Brexit thanks to Westminster's indifference. Alasdair MacKenzie And they do it for Arbroath smokes and Stornoway black pudding, among a host of other Scottish products. Protections that we are likely to lose with Brexit thanks to Westminster's indifference. Report Score: 10 stewart short Peter Moseley 2:15pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Are you whinging about Europe or just the French and the Germans?. Are you whinging about Europe or just the French and the Germans?. stewart short Are you whinging about Europe or just the French and the Germans?. Report Score: 1 [deleted] Peter Moseley 2:00pm Mon 10 Apr 17 [deleted] You do enough whinging for the planet,bonehead. stewart short You do enough whinging for the planet,bonehead. Score: 1 Dave Wilson 7:11am Mon 10 Apr 17 The irony is that this man is as much of a con artist as the companies that make many of the most popular brands of whisky. The whisky industry needs to get its house in order. Most brands don't even use Scottish barley and import cheaper Danish, Canadian, Dutch, Ukrainian whatever barley or even worse French, Ukrainian or whatever maize. The whisky distillers are motivated entirely by price, even a pound or two means that they won't buy Scottish, provenance means nothing to them. There is no need to import any barley, if Scottish farmers were paid enough we could grow more than enough barley in Scotland. It would add maybe 5 to 10 pence to the cost of making a bottle of whisky. It would help make Scottish farming profitable a help the brand image of scotch whisky to allow it have the provenance of other high end drinks like champagne. It would also help guarantee jobs in Scottish farming when Scotland needs all the jobs it can get. Any whisky made with imported barley should not be allowed to be branded as scotch whisky and it must be made clear on the label that it is made using imported grain. It is time our spineless politicians stood up to these con men and changed the law. I am doubtful if they will, they have been lobbied enough and so far they have done absolutely nothing. They are in the pockets of the multinationals that run the industry. Brexit is now the chance to stop blaming EU laws for the inaction and take back control of the whisky industry to make it benefit Scotland rather than faceless multinationals that couldn't care less about anything other than profits. The French have done it with champagne to create an industry that benefits everyone from small grape growers right up to the huge high end champagne producers so why can't Scotland do it with whisky? I understand that islay whisky must be made with barley grown in on Islay. Please don't tell me the SNP are more interested in whinging about independence than actually doing anything. Last edited: 11:28pm Mon 10 Apr 17 The irony is that this man is as much of a con artist as the companies that make many of the most popular brands of whisky. The whisky industry needs to get its house in order. Most brands don't even use Scottish barley and import cheaper Danish, Canadian, Dutch, Ukrainian whatever barley or even worse French, Ukrainian or whatever maize. The whisky distillers are motivated entirely by price, even a pound or two means that they won't buy Scottish, provenance means nothing to them. There is no need to import any barley, if Scottish farmers were paid enough we could grow more than enough barley in Scotland. It would add maybe 5 to 10 pence to the cost of making a bottle of whisky. It would help make Scottish farming profitable a help the brand image of scotch whisky to allow it have the provenance of other high end drinks like champagne. It would also help guarantee jobs in Scottish farming when Scotland needs all the jobs it can get. Any whisky made with imported barley should not be allowed to be branded as scotch whisky and it must be made clear on the label that it is made using imported grain. It is time our spineless politicians stood up to these con men and changed the law. I am doubtful if they will, they have been lobbied enough and so far they have done absolutely nothing. They are in the pockets of the multinationals that run the industry. Brexit is now the chance to stop blaming EU laws for the inaction and take back control of the whisky industry to make it benefit Scotland rather than faceless multinationals that couldn't care less about anything other than profits. The French have done it with champagne to create an industry that benefits everyone from small grape growers right up to the huge high end champagne producers so why can't Scotland do it with whisky? I understand that islay whisky must be made with barley grown in on Islay. Please don't tell me the SNP are more interested in whinging about independence than actually doing anything. Dave Wilson The irony is that this man is as much of a con artist as the companies that make many of the most popular brands of whisky. The whisky industry needs to get its house in order. Most brands don't even use Scottish barley and import cheaper Danish, Canadian, Dutch, Ukrainian whatever barley or even worse French, Ukrainian or whatever maize. The whisky distillers are motivated entirely by price, even a pound or two means that they won't buy Scottish, provenance means nothing to them. There is no need to import any barley, if Scottish farmers were paid enough we could grow more than enough barley in Scotland. It would add maybe 5 to 10 pence to the cost of making a bottle of whisky. It would help make Scottish farming profitable a help the brand image of scotch whisky to allow it have the provenance of other high end drinks like champagne. It would also help guarantee jobs in Scottish farming when Scotland needs all the jobs it can get. Any whisky made with imported barley should not be allowed to be branded as scotch whisky and it must be made clear on the label that it is made using imported grain. It is time our spineless politicians stood up to these con men and changed the law. I am doubtful if they will, they have been lobbied enough and so far they have done absolutely nothing. They are in the pockets of the multinationals that run the industry. Brexit is now the chance to stop blaming EU laws for the inaction and take back control of the whisky industry to make it benefit Scotland rather than faceless multinationals that couldn't care less about anything other than profits. The French have done it with champagne to create an industry that benefits everyone from small grape growers right up to the huge high end champagne producers so why can't Scotland do it with whisky? I understand that islay whisky must be made with barley grown in on Islay. Please don't tell me the SNP are more interested in whinging about independence than actually doing anything. Report Score: 7 Peter Dale Smith Dave Wilson 7:57am Mon 10 Apr 17 Aye and any country that produces ethanol by natural or chemical means can add essences to the product and retail it as whisky, rum , tequila, vodka, or the spirit of your choice. Well Australia does it so I suppose it is a world wide industry. When you are looking at the consumption of alcohol world wide, connoisseur is not really the word to describe the enthusiasts. Aye and any country that produces ethanol by natural or chemical means can add essences to the product and retail it as whisky, rum , tequila, vodka, or the spirit of your choice. Well Australia does it so I suppose it is a world wide industry. When you are looking at the consumption of alcohol world wide, connoisseur is not really the word to describe the enthusiasts. Peter Dale Smith Aye and any country that produces ethanol by natural or chemical means can add essences to the product and retail it as whisky, rum , tequila, vodka, or the spirit of your choice. Well Australia does it so I suppose it is a world wide industry. When you are looking at the consumption of alcohol world wide, connoisseur is not really the word to describe the enthusiasts. Report Score: 1 Dave Wilson Peter Dale Smith 8:39am Mon 10 Apr 17 It is if you are selling a bottle for the equivalent of £25 or over and have branding that tricks the consumer into thinking the product is high end Scottish whisky with great provenance. It is if you are selling a bottle for the equivalent of £25 or over and have branding that tricks the consumer into thinking the product is high end Scottish whisky with great provenance. Dave Wilson It is if you are selling a bottle for the equivalent of £25 or over and have branding that tricks the consumer into thinking the product is high end Scottish whisky with great provenance. Report Score: 1 Peter Dale Smith Dave Wilson 9:58am Mon 10 Apr 17 Aye but when you are on a pension and should in your latter years be enjoying the finest that Scotland can produce at a reasonable cost, well your local democratically elected government tends to stuff your desires up your left nostril. Well it is cheap and does not kill you, but discourages you from complaining. Aye but when you are on a pension and should in your latter years be enjoying the finest that Scotland can produce at a reasonable cost, well your local democratically elected government tends to stuff your desires up your left nostril. Well it is cheap and does not kill you, but discourages you from complaining. Peter Dale Smith Aye but when you are on a pension and should in your latter years be enjoying the finest that Scotland can produce at a reasonable cost, well your local democratically elected government tends to stuff your desires up your left nostril. Well it is cheap and does not kill you, but discourages you from complaining. Report Score: 1 Dave Wilson Peter Dale Smith 10:12am Mon 10 Apr 17 What on earth are you hovering about now? The average £20 bottle of whisky contains 12 pence worth of barley. Last edited: 11:30pm Mon 10 Apr 17 What on earth are you hovering about now? The average £20 bottle of whisky contains 12 pence worth of barley. Dave Wilson What on earth are you hovering about now? The average £20 bottle of whisky contains 12 pence worth of barley. Report Score: 1 Hugh Armstrong Dave Wilson 4:50pm Mon 10 Apr 17 The average £20 bottle of whisky made in Scotland is contributing £16 to the Treasury, England. With Independence it (lowered) would be going into our own Treasury. The average £20 bottle of whisky made in Scotland is contributing £16 to the Treasury, England. With Independence it (lowered) would be going into our own Treasury. Hugh Armstrong The average £20 bottle of whisky made in Scotland is contributing £16 to the Treasury, England. With Independence it (lowered) would be going into our own Treasury. Report Score: 0 [deleted] Hugh Armstrong 6:50pm Mon 10 Apr 17 [deleted] What an ignoramus you are. Dave Wilson What an ignoramus you are. Score: 0 brian watters Dave Wilson 9:26am Mon 10 Apr 17 an excellent comment Dave , but then you had to go and spoil it by making this somehow the "fault" (?) of the Scottish government rather than the industry that is in charge of its own production methods , procurement and international reputation ? I can imagine the headlines if the Scottish government were to interfere in any way with an already hostile Scotch Whisky industry an excellent comment Dave , but then you had to go and spoil it by making this somehow the "fault" (?) of the Scottish government rather than the industry that is in charge of its own production methods , procurement and international reputation ? I can imagine the headlines if the Scottish government were to interfere in any way with an already hostile Scotch Whisky industry brian watters an excellent comment Dave , but then you had to go and spoil it by making this somehow the "fault" (?) of the Scottish government rather than the industry that is in charge of its own production methods , procurement and international reputation ? I can imagine the headlines if the Scottish government were to interfere in any way with an already hostile Scotch Whisky industry Report Score: 5 Dave Wilson brian watters 10:11am Mon 10 Apr 17 The SNP Scottish government has been in power for 10 years. Yes that's right 10 years. They have been lobbied continuously by farmers to do something about multi national distillers ripping off Scotland's whisky brand and they have done absolutely nothing. The Scottish government could legislate tomorrow to change the rules butehey won't, why not? Because they love having their ego's fed by big companies. Your problem is that you are a one eyed nationalist who cannot accept that the snp aren't perfect. It is becuase of people like you who vote snp no matter what that Scotland is in such a mess now. The French government controls champagne so there is no excuse why Scotlanda government or indeed the uk government cannot control whisky. Change the law so it has to contain 100% Scottish ingredients and the distillers won't have a leg to stand on. Last edited: 10:44am Mon 10 Apr 17 The SNP Scottish government has been in power for 10 years. Yes that's right 10 years. They have been lobbied continuously by farmers to do something about multi national distillers ripping off Scotland's whisky brand and they have done absolutely nothing. The Scottish government could legislate tomorrow to change the rules butehey won't, why not? Because they love having their ego's fed by big companies. Your problem is that you are a one eyed nationalist who cannot accept that the snp aren't perfect. It is becuase of people like you who vote snp no matter what that Scotland is in such a mess now. The French government controls champagne so there is no excuse why Scotlanda government or indeed the uk government cannot control whisky. Change the law so it has to contain 100% Scottish ingredients and the distillers won't have a leg to stand on. Dave Wilson The SNP Scottish government has been in power for 10 years. Yes that's right 10 years. They have been lobbied continuously by farmers to do something about multi national distillers ripping off Scotland's whisky brand and they have done absolutely nothing. The Scottish government could legislate tomorrow to change the rules butehey won't, why not? Because they love having their ego's fed by big companies. Your problem is that you are a one eyed nationalist who cannot accept that the snp aren't perfect. It is becuase of people like you who vote snp no matter what that Scotland is in such a mess now. The French government controls champagne so there is no excuse why Scotlanda government or indeed the uk government cannot control whisky. Change the law so it has to contain 100% Scottish ingredients and the distillers won't have a leg to stand on. Report Score: 1 Alasdair MacKenzie Dave Wilson 10:42am Mon 10 Apr 17 What nonsense, written with your pen dipped in the bile you harbour about the SNP. The Scottish Government has no powers over the ownership of companies in Scotland, nor over branding. Those powers are reserved to Westminster, and are also subject to EU and international law. It is people like yourself who by voting "no" in 2014 actually denied future Scottish governments the power too act in these, and in so many other areas for the good of our country. When you next think of complaining about the Scottish Government not being able to do the right thing for Scotland, reflect on that simple fact. Last edited: 8:03am Tue 11 Apr 17 What nonsense, written with your pen dipped in the bile you harbour about the SNP. The Scottish Government has no powers over the ownership of companies in Scotland, nor over branding. Those powers are reserved to Westminster, and are also subject to EU and international law. It is people like yourself who by voting "no" in 2014 actually denied future Scottish governments the power too act in these, and in so many other areas for the good of our country. When you next think of complaining about the Scottish Government not being able to do the right thing for Scotland, reflect on that simple fact. Alasdair MacKenzie What nonsense, written with your pen dipped in the bile you harbour about the SNP. The Scottish Government has no powers over the ownership of companies in Scotland, nor over branding. Those powers are reserved to Westminster, and are also subject to EU and international law. It is people like yourself who by voting "no" in 2014 actually denied future Scottish governments the power too act in these, and in so many other areas for the good of our country. When you next think of complaining about the Scottish Government not being able to do the right thing for Scotland, reflect on that simple fact. Report Score: 8 Dave Wilson Alasdair MacKenzie 11:08am Mon 10 Apr 17 Utter drivel. Who owns the companies is irrelevant. The snp have the powers while we are in the EU to go for protected status. The whisky industry asked for this as well but they one thing they didn't want was a provision that scotch whisky had to contain Scottish barley. Funny that isn't it? Now we are leaving the EU the Scottish government should be thinking of the advantages of Brexit because now they can set their own rules, but no, its whinge independence and whinge again. Now get up off your knees and stop being so pathetic. Your one eyed adoration of these incompetents in the snp is embarrassing. Last edited: 11:31am Mon 10 Apr 17 Utter drivel. Who owns the companies is irrelevant. The snp have the powers while we are in the EU to go for protected status. The whisky industry asked for this as well but they one thing they didn't want was a provision that scotch whisky had to contain Scottish barley. Funny that isn't it? Now we are leaving the EU the Scottish government should be thinking of the advantages of Brexit because now they can set their own rules, but no, its whinge independence and whinge again. Now get up off your knees and stop being so pathetic. Your one eyed adoration of these incompetents in the snp is embarrassing. Dave Wilson Utter drivel. Who owns the companies is irrelevant. The snp have the powers while we are in the EU to go for protected status. The whisky industry asked for this as well but they one thing they didn't want was a provision that scotch whisky had to contain Scottish barley. Funny that isn't it? Now we are leaving the EU the Scottish government should be thinking of the advantages of Brexit because now they can set their own rules, but no, its whinge independence and whinge again. Now get up off your knees and stop being so pathetic. Your one eyed adoration of these incompetents in the snp is embarrassing. Report Score: 1 Alasdair MacKenzie Dave Wilson 2:25pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Why do you keep revealing your ignorance for all to read? You merely embarrass yourself Mr Wilson. Scotch Whisky already has protected status, to the extent that is legally possible both in the EU and in many countries worldwide. And the SG has no powers to enforce the use of Scottish barley, besides which there isn't enough of it anyway. Why do you keep revealing your ignorance for all to read? You merely embarrass yourself Mr Wilson. Scotch Whisky already has protected status, to the extent that is legally possible both in the EU and in many countries worldwide. And the SG has no powers to enforce the use of Scottish barley, besides which there isn't enough of it anyway. Alasdair MacKenzie Why do you keep revealing your ignorance for all to read? You merely embarrass yourself Mr Wilson. Scotch Whisky already has protected status, to the extent that is legally possible both in the EU and in many countries worldwide. And the SG has no powers to enforce the use of Scottish barley, besides which there isn't enough of it anyway. Report Score: 5 Dave Wilson Alasdair MacKenzie 6:54pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Absolute tripe. Protects status without the condition that it has to use Scottish barley. There is more than enough arable land to grow all the barley they need. Problem is they won't pay enough so farmers grow other crops instead. Hence the reason for the move away from spring cropping and the resultant collapse in the population of birds that near on cultivar ground. Your ignorance is astounding, quite happy to see hard working scots shafted by multinationals simple because you don't want your nationalist heroes to be held to account. Absolute tripe. Protects status without the condition that it has to use Scottish barley. There is more than enough arable land to grow all the barley they need. Problem is they won't pay enough so farmers grow other crops instead. Hence the reason for the move away from spring cropping and the resultant collapse in the population of birds that near on cultivar ground. Your ignorance is astounding, quite happy to see hard working scots shafted by multinationals simple because you don't want your nationalist heroes to be held to account. Dave Wilson Absolute tripe. Protects status without the condition that it has to use Scottish barley. There is more than enough arable land to grow all the barley they need. Problem is they won't pay enough so farmers grow other crops instead. Hence the reason for the move away from spring cropping and the resultant collapse in the population of birds that near on cultivar ground. Your ignorance is astounding, quite happy to see hard working scots shafted by multinationals simple because you don't want your nationalist heroes to be held to account. Report Score: 0 pat hughes Alasdair MacKenzie 12:02am Tue 11 Apr 17 Dave is right. Why do you find it so difficult to agree, then we might have a proper discussion. Whether we vote yes or no is not relevant. Scotch whisky should be made with all products from Scotland if it is to maintain its place. Whisky is becoming more popular worldwide. England produced whisky in the 19th century and is now being produced again dozens of distilleries from the south to the north of England. The English Whisky Co. won the best whisky in Europe 2015. Whisky is being produced worldwide and Scotch Whisky will only keep its honour if it can claim to be pure and untarnished with foreign barley. Someone must be able to make our Industries see sense. Dave is right. Why do you find it so difficult to agree, then we might have a proper discussion. Whether we vote yes or no is not relevant. Scotch whisky should be made with all products from Scotland if it is to maintain its place. Whisky is becoming more popular worldwide. England produced whisky in the 19th century and is now being produced again dozens of distilleries from the south to the north of England. The English Whisky Co. won the best whisky in Europe 2015. Whisky is being produced worldwide and Scotch Whisky will only keep its honour if it can claim to be pure and untarnished with foreign barley. Someone must be able to make our Industries see sense. pat hughes Dave is right. Why do you find it so difficult to agree, then we might have a proper discussion. Whether we vote yes or no is not relevant. Scotch whisky should be made with all products from Scotland if it is to maintain its place. Whisky is becoming more popular worldwide. England produced whisky in the 19th century and is now being produced again dozens of distilleries from the south to the north of England. The English Whisky Co. won the best whisky in Europe 2015. Whisky is being produced worldwide and Scotch Whisky will only keep its honour if it can claim to be pure and untarnished with foreign barley. Someone must be able to make our Industries see sense. Report Score: 0 Hugh Armstrong Dave Wilson 4:32pm Mon 10 Apr 17 "Advantages of Brexit". There are no advantages to Brexit and the Whisky Industry will attest to that. Check it out. "Advantages of Brexit". There are no advantages to Brexit and the Whisky Industry will attest to that. Check it out. Hugh Armstrong "Advantages of Brexit". There are no advantages to Brexit and the Whisky Industry will attest to that. Check it out. Report Score: 1 Hugh Armstrong Alasdair MacKenzie 4:43pm Mon 10 Apr 17 People like Mr Wilson should double check what's actually devolved to Scotland / reserved by England. He'd get his eyes opened. Another myth that prevails is that the SNP control the 32 local Councils. The SNP have a majority in four of them only. And again there seems to be limited knowledge in relation to what the Councils control versus Holyrood, such as key elements of education. When you take everything into account Nicola Sturgeon has been / is doing an amazing job being stuck between a (Westminster) rock and a (Council) hard place. She's a politician to be proud of and we're extremely fortunate to have her as our First Minister. People like Mr Wilson should double check what's actually devolved to Scotland / reserved by England. He'd get his eyes opened. Another myth that prevails is that the SNP control the 32 local Councils. The SNP have a majority in four of them only. And again there seems to be limited knowledge in relation to what the Councils control versus Holyrood, such as key elements of education. When you take everything into account Nicola Sturgeon has been / is doing an amazing job being stuck between a (Westminster) rock and a (Council) hard place. She's a politician to be proud of and we're extremely fortunate to have her as our First Minister. Hugh Armstrong People like Mr Wilson should double check what's actually devolved to Scotland / reserved by England. He'd get his eyes opened. Another myth that prevails is that the SNP control the 32 local Councils. The SNP have a majority in four of them only. And again there seems to be limited knowledge in relation to what the Councils control versus Holyrood, such as key elements of education. When you take everything into account Nicola Sturgeon has been / is doing an amazing job being stuck between a (Westminster) rock and a (Council) hard place. She's a politician to be proud of and we're extremely fortunate to have her as our First Minister. Report Score: 1 Hugh Armstrong Dave Wilson 4:17pm Mon 10 Apr 17 If it wasn't for our water the Scottish Whisky industry wouldn't exist. Companies like Pernod Ricard have even tried shipping our water to India but the water became tainted during transportation. So no go for them. The latest however is that companies such as Whyte and MacKay are producing whisky here and then sending tanks of whisky abroad to be bottled, packaged and distributed (doing us out of jobs). The SWA and the Unions should be stamping this out. Westminster of course making a mint taxing it around 80%. In other words for every £5 you spend on a bottle of whisky £4 goes right into the gluttonous Westminster Treasury. I also can't figure out why 30,000 people in England are employed in the Scottish whisky industry whilst there are only 10,000 employed in Scotland (many of them on zero hour contracts). Additionally the whisky industry's not one bit happy about Brexit. Time to bail out of the Union and get this sorted out. Last edited: 11:23pm Mon 10 Apr 17 If it wasn't for our water the Scottish Whisky industry wouldn't exist. Companies like Pernod Ricard have even tried shipping our water to India but the water became tainted during transportation. So no go for them. The latest however is that companies such as Whyte and MacKay are producing whisky here and then sending tanks of whisky abroad to be bottled, packaged and distributed (doing us out of jobs). The SWA and the Unions should be stamping this out. Westminster of course making a mint taxing it around 80%. In other words for every £5 you spend on a bottle of whisky £4 goes right into the gluttonous Westminster Treasury. I also can't figure out why 30,000 people in England are employed in the Scottish whisky industry whilst there are only 10,000 employed in Scotland (many of them on zero hour contracts). Additionally the whisky industry's not one bit happy about Brexit. Time to bail out of the Union and get this sorted out. Hugh Armstrong If it wasn't for our water the Scottish Whisky industry wouldn't exist. Companies like Pernod Ricard have even tried shipping our water to India but the water became tainted during transportation. So no go for them. The latest however is that companies such as Whyte and MacKay are producing whisky here and then sending tanks of whisky abroad to be bottled, packaged and distributed (doing us out of jobs). The SWA and the Unions should be stamping this out. Westminster of course making a mint taxing it around 80%. In other words for every £5 you spend on a bottle of whisky £4 goes right into the gluttonous Westminster Treasury. I also can't figure out why 30,000 people in England are employed in the Scottish whisky industry whilst there are only 10,000 employed in Scotland (many of them on zero hour contracts). Additionally the whisky industry's not one bit happy about Brexit. Time to bail out of the Union and get this sorted out. Report Score: 3 Dave Wilson Hugh Armstrong 6:56pm Mon 10 Apr 17 Your ignorance is only matched by your hate filled racism against the English. I can't wait till the old racist nationalist dinosaurs like you are a thing of the past. Your ignorance is only matched by your hate filled racism against the English. I can't wait till the old racist nationalist dinosaurs like you are a thing of the past. Dave Wilson Your ignorance is only matched by your hate filled racism against the English. I can't wait till the old racist nationalist dinosaurs like you are a thing of the past. Report Score: 0 Hugh Armstrong Dave Wilson 10:47pm Mon 10 Apr 17 You come across as being unstable. Where in my post have I exhibited any indication of being racist. I'm beginning to think you're the racist. Someone who lives in England and clearly detests the Scots. You come across as being unstable. Where in my post have I exhibited any indication of being racist. I'm beginning to think you're the racist. Someone who lives in England and clearly detests the Scots. Hugh Armstrong You come across as being unstable. Where in my post have I exhibited any indication of being racist. I'm beginning to think you're the racist. Someone who lives in England and clearly detests the Scots. Report Score: 0 pat hughes Hugh Armstrong 12:27am Tue 11 Apr 17 During the 2014 referendum most of the Scotch Whisky companies came out against Independence. Now the Scotch Whisky companies are not happy about brexit? Surprised there are 30,000 people employed in the whisky industry but the whisky is branded as English whisky not Scotch whisky. English whisky doesn't have the same ring as Scotch. During the 2014 referendum most of the Scotch Whisky companies came out against Independence. Now the Scotch Whisky companies are not happy about brexit? Surprised there are 30,000 people employed in the whisky industry but the whisky is branded as English whisky not Scotch whisky. English whisky doesn't have the same ring as Scotch. pat hughes During the 2014 referendum most of the Scotch Whisky companies came out against Independence. Now the Scotch Whisky companies are not happy about brexit? Surprised there are 30,000 people employed in the whisky industry but the whisky is branded as English whisky not Scotch whisky. English whisky doesn't have the same ring as Scotch. Report Score: 0 Andrew McMillan 8:12am Mon 10 Apr 17 What a lot of nonsense about some common criminal. There are a lot of them about. What a lot of nonsense about some common criminal. There are a lot of them about. Andrew McMillan What a lot of nonsense about some common criminal. There are a lot of them about. Report Score: 4 Marilyn Jackson 8:25am Mon 10 Apr 17 But WHY does Companies House not check the names, surely that should be done first? How is a legit company meant to know when a similar name is registered? But WHY does Companies House not check the names, surely that should be done first? How is a legit company meant to know when a similar name is registered? Marilyn Jackson But WHY does Companies House not check the names, surely that should be done first? How is a legit company meant to know when a similar name is registered? Report Score: 7 David Higgins Marilyn Jackson 9:01am Mon 10 Apr 17 They do, but the system is flawed . you can take a name and legitimately mess about with it take the real name which is registered and add , . or - and if the company resiser accepts it you're sorted eg "Jock Tamson Ltd" becomes "Jock_Tamson_Ltd"... ..Copyright and trademarks are a different ballgame They do, but the system is flawed . you can take a name and legitimately mess about with it take the real name which is registered and add , . or - and if the company resiser accepts it you're sorted eg "Jock Tamson Ltd" becomes "Jock_Tamson_Ltd"... ..Copyright and trademarks are a different ballgame David Higgins They do, but the system is flawed . you can take a name and legitimately mess about with it take the real name which is registered and add , . or - and if the company resiser accepts it you're sorted eg "Jock Tamson Ltd" becomes "Jock_Tamson_Ltd"... ..Copyright and trademarks are a different ballgame Report Score: 1 pat hughes Marilyn Jackson 12:37am Tue 11 Apr 17 They must have got very sloppy. When I was registering one of by businesses about 15 years ago it nearly drove me crazy having various chosen names rejected time after time because the name was already being used. They must have got very sloppy. When I was registering one of by businesses about 15 years ago it nearly drove me crazy having various chosen names rejected time after time because the name was already being used. pat hughes They must have got very sloppy. When I was registering one of by businesses about 15 years ago it nearly drove me crazy having various chosen names rejected time after time because the name was already being used. Report Score: 0 John Lamont 7:09pm Mon 10 Apr 17 This is no doubt the work of the Westminster Government who are aiming to destroy the Scottish economy. This is no doubt the work of the Westminster Government who are aiming to destroy the Scottish economy. John Lamont This is no doubt the work of the Westminster Government who are aiming to destroy the Scottish economy. Report Score: 1 pat hughes John Lamont 12:42am Tue 11 Apr 17 Now you are sounding ridiculous. The fault is with incompetent office staff. Now you are sounding ridiculous. The fault is with incompetent office staff. pat hughes Now you are sounding ridiculous. The fault is with incompetent office staff. Report Score: 0 Alf Baird 12:32am Tue 11 Apr 17 Scottish people need to ask a few 'daft laddie' questions about the Scotch whisky industry, e.g.: - why it is not owned by Scots - why the stated value of £4bn exports is so vastly understated - why folks from the UK FCO run the SWA - what benefits Scotland accrues from what is a massive industry? Scottish people need to ask a few 'daft laddie' questions about the Scotch whisky industry, e.g.: - why it is not owned by Scots - why the stated value of £4bn exports is so vastly understated - why folks from the UK FCO run the SWA - what benefits Scotland accrues from what is a massive industry? Alf Baird Scottish people need to ask a few 'daft laddie' questions about the Scotch whisky industry, e.g.: - why it is not owned by Scots - why the stated value of £4bn exports is so vastly understated - why folks from the UK FCO run the SWA - what benefits Scotland accrues from what is a massive industry? Report Score: 0 Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Newsquest (North West) Ltd, Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY|3102566|Registered in England & Wales Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Officer Buys Groceries For Mom Caught Stealing Food For Infant: 'I Felt So Grateful' Inside Edition Maya Chung 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 'Accidental hero' stopped NHS cyber attack by activating kill switch Cyber attack: Monday morning meltdown expected © Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. The pair now talk daily. An Alabama teenage mother received a special gift from a police officer after she stole groceries last year in order to feed her family.  Sheena Davenport, 18, and her family fell on hard times and decided to steal from a local store's buffet in order to eat for the next few days. Davenport said she had her infant daughter Skylar in mind.  Load Error “We were struggling. This is our first time ever being out on our own, me and my boyfriend. His job wasn’t making enough at the time,” Davenport told InsideEdition.com. “It was dinner time and we had gone to Walmart to see what we could get. It ended up not being enough and we needed dinner for the next two nights.” But, on their way out, the couple was caught with the hot food they'd taken and were both arrested.  “I had never been in trouble before. I had never done anything like that. I was scared,” Davenport said.  Last Monday, Davenport went to plead guilty to theft in the fourth degree, but what she wasn’t expecting was a kind-hearted police officer to change the day around.   Officer Katrina Culbreath, of the Dothan Police Department, was in the court room during the hearing and asked Davenport why she'd resorted to stealing. “I told her it was for my daughter. She told me to meet her outside after court was done,” Davenport said. “She told me to get into my car and follow her patrol car. We ended up at the grocery store. I started crying. I realized she was going to buy food for me and my family.” Davenport said Culbreath paid for $130 worth of groceries for her family.  “I felt so grateful that she was sent to help me. I started crying. I felt someone was looking out for me and my little family. I kept hugging her,” Davenport said.  Since Culbreath's the selfless gesture, Davenport said the two have kept in touch daily.  “There’s still good people out in the world and officers are still here to protect and serve. We are totally blessed by it,” Davenport said. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Inside Edition Teen Girl Snaps Photo of 'Ghost' Behind Her Brother Inside Edition Mom Finds Letters From Daughter After Her Death Inside Edition Orange Gator Strolls Around South Carolina Neighborhood Inside Edition Inside Edition View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments When someone is opening accounts in your name, here's what to do: Money Matters Print Email Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer By Teresa Dixon Murray, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 14, 2017 at 1:00 AM comments File photo  Q: My debit card was recently cloned and used in Florida to deduct money from my bank account. It happened three times, in fact. Once from checking, twice from savings. My bank is Best Rewards Credit Union in Brook Park. I've been a customer there for 20 years. The ATM withdrawals occurred in Florida, minutes after I used the card up here in Northeast Ohio.The bank caught it and we got it straightened out and my money was refunded. Then a couple weeks later, I got a notice from my identity theft monitoring service that a new credit card account had been opened in my name, with a WalMart credit card through Synchrony Bank.  Then another hard inquiry appeared on my credit report, again through Synchrony Bank. As it turned out, the first credit card that had been issued was sent to an address in Florida, but it hadn't yet been activated. The second card hadn't been issued because Synchrony Bank caught it before the account was opened. What should I do? A.B., Brook Park A: You should go into full-blown, five-alarm fire mode. Clearly, someone has way too much personal information about you -- your name, address, Social Security number, debit card number and, perhaps most troubling, your ATM PIN. Plus, this person has criminal intent. The person has already committed crimes against, including theft, bank fraud and mail fraud. What's weird here is that this person has more than one source of information about you. Your Social Security number isn't contained in your debit card. Your PIN shouldn't be any place except in your brain. So either this is an inside job or, more like, occurred because of a skimmer when you used your debit card and PIN someplace. But that still doesn't explain how they got your address and Social Security number. It's also disconcerting to me personally because parts of your tale are eerily similar to what happened to a close relative of mine a couple of months ago. My relative didn't encounter the debit card fraud. But like you, a credit card was opened in his name through a bank in Nevada and sent to an address in Florida. And even though it took 10 days after the card was mailed for this fraud to come to our attention (thanks to his identity theft monitoring), the thieves hadn't yet used the card. In fact, the card hadn't yet been activated. Also like you, the same thieves (using the same Florida address) tried to open another credit card, this time through Pentagon Federal Credit Union. The application was denied because my relative wasn't a member of the credit union. Very bizarre. This all makes me think these are bread crumbs pointing to a new scam, a new identity theft ring, out there. So here's what you need to do (these are the same things we did for my relative). In order: TODAY: 1. Immediately put fraud alerts on your credit files through all three credit bureaus. You can do this by phone or online. You need to contact only one of the bureaus; the first one must contact the other two. A 90-day fraud alert is free. Experian.com/fraudalert 1-888-397-3742 TransUnion.com/fraud 1-800-680-7289 Equifax.com/CreditReportAssistance 1-888-766-0008 2. Contact all of your existing banks, credit cards, investment firms, etc., and alert them that you've got some big time identity theft going on and want to add extra security to your accounts, extra passwords, etc. You want it to be flagged if anyone tries to change your mailing address, request a new card, etc. 3. Change your passwords on any accounts that you access online. 4. Change your PINs on any ATM cards. ASAP IN THE NEXT FEW DAYS: 5. Fill out an identity theft affidavit online through the Federal Trade Commission. https://www.identitytheft.gov If you don't have a computer, go to the library for this. It's worth it. I was super impressed with this process because after you fill out the form with the names of the banks involved, their addresses, it spits out pre-written form letters for you to mail to each bank and each credit bureau. This was a fantastic help for me and my relative. Even though I know what to say, it was just a huge time-saver during a stressful time. 6. Make copies of the FTC affidavit. 7. Mail the letters to each bank involved, with a copy of the FTC affidavit. 8. Make a police report. Tell the police department you need it for the the banks and credit bureaus. Yes, you realize that it's unlikely they will be able to investigate your case. That's OK. You're still entitled to have a police report filed. NOW AND FOREVER 9. Watch out for anything odd in the mail -- a letter about an account you didn't apply for, a letter from a company thanking you for your recent phone call if you didn't call them. 10. Keep an extra close eye on all of your bank and credit card accounts. For the next couple of months, I'd check them online every day. Then you can ratchet back to every few days. NEXT WEEK 11. It may take a week or so for a copy of the police report to be available for you to pick up. Make copies of the police report. 12. Mail letters to each of the three credit bureaus requesting a credit freeze. The FTC site will give you choices to generate letters for extended fraud alerts or credit freezes. I don't think freezes are the right thing for everyone, but they definitely are for you. Because you are a victim of identity theft, you should be exempt from the normal $5 charge per bureau. You should include a copy of the FTC affidavit and police report with each letter. https://www.transunion.com/credit-freeze/place-credit-freeze https://www.experian.com/freeze/center.html https://www.freeze.equifax.com/Freeze/jsp/SFF_PersonalIDInfo.jsp 13. When you get your credit reports, go over them carefully for any discrepancies, especially accounts or inquiries you don't recognize, or balances that aren't correct. Dispute any inaccurate or questionable information per the instructions provided. 14. When you get the responses from the credit bureaus about your credit freezes, make sure to file the passwords away in a safe place. You will have an incredibly difficult time getting those files unlocked if you ever need to get another credit card or shop for insurance. Top Workplaces Top Workplaces 2017 150 winners will be announced on June 18. The 2016 Top Workplaces List Business Features Northeast Ohio business and networking events Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams Active Discussions Most Read Business news in your inbox Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home General Store Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newspapers in Education Register Subscribe Manage My Subscription Delivery Status E-Edition Archives News Election Results Sports A & E Calendar Sudoku Crosswords TV Listings Business Obituaries Features Magazines Coupon Bonanza FAQs Photos/Media Photos Videos Contests Quizzes Blogs Classifieds Place an Ad Thrift Sale Map Jobs Submissions Celebrations Death Notice News Tip Event Diapers-2-Diplomas Feedback Partners The Country Today Leader Printing Online Leader Marketing Solutions Contact Us News Front Page Local Briefs Daily Updates News Blogs Off Beat State Nation & World Public Notices Sports Preps Sports Daily Updates Local Colleges Sports Blogs Community Sports Eau Claire Express NFL MLB NBA NHL Golf Racing Opinion Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Business Local Business From the Wire - Business A&E Local Entertainment Features Lifestyles At Home Getting Out Food Health Travel Religion On Campus Senior Living Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Sunday, May 14, 2017 Weather Loading Join our Mailing List Follow the Leader Menu News Sports Obits A&E eEdition Filter Daily Updates School choice rift comes in wake of DeVos becoming U.S. education chief Wealthy advocates for choice have become deeply divided Associated Press Published on May 13, 2017 | Updated 11:22 p. m. President Donald Trump looks at Education Secretary Betsy DeVos as he speaks during a meeting with parents and teachers Feb. 14 in the Roosevelt Room of the White House. Associated Press FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 16, 2015 file photo, Eli Broad and his wife, Edythe, stand for a photo amid Jeff Koons sculptures at his new museum called "The Broad" in downtown Los Angeles. Eli Broad, a charter school advocate who has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charters, wrote a letter to senators calling for them to reject education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos, calling her â€œunprepared and unqualified.â€ (AP Photo/Richard Vogel) Richard Vogel FILE - In this Aug. 2, 2013 file photo, venture capitalist Nick Hanauer stands by the window of his office in downtown Seattle. He holds a copy of "Democracy: A Journal of Ideas," which includes an article he co-authored promoting an economy driven by a strong middle class. Hanauer calls private school vouchers â€œa stupid idea.â€ Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. â€œNo voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. Itâ€™s a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates arenâ€™t serious about delivering high-quality education,â€ he said. â€œTheyâ€™re simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this.â€ (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017 file photo, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos reads Dr. Seuss to kindergarten students at Royal Palm Elementary School in Miami. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. (C.M. Guerrero/El Nuevo Herald via AP) C.M. Guerrero FILE - In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017 file photo, Christian Carter leads a group of fellow Pittsburgh high school students during a protest on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. DeVos won confirmation as education secretary Tuesday by the slimmest of margins, pushed to approval only by the historic tie-breaking vote of Vice President Mike Pence. (Darrell Sapp/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP) Darrell Sapp FILE - In this Wednesday, April 21, 2010 file photo, Bill Gates Sr. shields his eyes from television lights as he talks to reporters in Seattle about the new initiative campaign he is leading that supports establishing a Washington state income tax on wealthier residents. Microsoftâ€™s Bill Gates avoids political contributions. His familyâ€™s massive foundation _ which Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs _ is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. The elder Gates contributes personally as well. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Monday, July 25, 2016 file photo, Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, speaks during the first day of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The nationâ€™s two largest teachersâ€™ unions _ the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined _ contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees from 2007 through 2016, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. The American Federation of Teachers has had conversations with some charter school advocates it has opposed in the past about coordinating to fight a national voucher program, said Randi Weingarten, president of the union. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite) J. Scott Applewhite Share Tweet Share Email Comments For two decades, a loose-knit group that includes some of the country’s wealthiest people has underwritten the political push for school choice, promoting ballot initiatives and candidates who favor competition for traditional public schools. But when a member of this elite group was elevated to education secretary, the appointment opened a philosophical schism that now threatens to shatter the alliance, turn billionaires against each other and possibly lead some school-choice advocates to join with teachers’ unions, their archenemies. Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from President Donald Trump’s administration that could offer parents federal dollars to send their children to private schools, including religious and for-profit institutions. “As much as we are aligned on change, we aren’t always aligned on how much change or how. Sometimes we fight,” said Derrell Bradford, executive vice president of the school-reform group 50CAN. The movement has been cleaved into two camps: those who want to use choice to improve public schools and others, like Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who want to go further by allowing tax money to flow to private schools through vouchers, government-funded scholarships or corporate tax credits. The differences that once seemed minor are at the heart of a potential seismic shift in the school-choice movement. School-choice programs were first proposed in the 1950s by Nobel Prize-winning free-market economist Milton Friedman. Since the beginning of this century, they have grown quickly, although the overwhelming majority of students still attend traditional public schools. Thirty states, including Wisconsin, plus Washington, D.C., have some combination of vouchers, government-subsidized education savings accounts or tax credits that help families afford private-school tuition or encourage private groups to fund scholarships, according to EdChoice, an advocacy group founded by Friedman and his wife. Still, less than 1 percent of children in kindergarten through high school used vouchers to attend private schools in 2015. Just 5 percent of students were in charter schools that year, when charters were operating in more than 40 states. That’s up from about 3 percent in 2008, according to the Department of Education. Charter schools are public but in several states are not held to the same accountability standards as traditional schools, which in theory gives them more freedom to innovate. When standardized test scores of children who switched to charter schools or used vouchers are compared with those of students who remained in traditional public schools, some results have been promising. Other studies have shown little effect or even worse outcomes. Biggest donors Wal-Mart’s Walton family, Los Angeles billionaire Eli Broad and the father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates have been some of the largest political contributors to the school-reform movement, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of campaign-finance records compiled by the National Institute on Money in State Politics and state campaign-finance regulators. Microsoft’s Bill Gates avoids political contributions. His family’s massive foundation — which his father, Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs — is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. The elder Gates contributes personally as well. In a statement to the AP, a representative of the Waltons said the family is concerned about improving education quality for all children. It is not focused so much on how that is done. In the past, contributions have flowed to reform-minded groups regardless of whether they supported public charter schools, vouchers for private schools or a combination. Now those funders are beginning to split into competing camps. Groups such as Stand for Children, which pushes for charter schools among other educational changes, are being more vocal now because “the level of ambition of the efforts to expand vouchers is so high,” said Jonah Edelman, co-founder and CEO, who called the voucher proposals “a dramatic effort to undermine public education.” Edelman, whose organization receives part of its funding from Walton, Broad and Gates-related charities and family members, said his group will fight any administration effort to promote vouchers nationwide. Stand for Children has worked with teachers unions in the past on state-level measures to provide more money for schools and raise teacher pay. But its calls for more charters often put it at odds with the unions, which are powerful political entities in many states. The American Federation of Teachers has had conversations with some charter school advocates it has opposed in the past about coordinating to fight a national voucher program, said Randi Weingarten, president of the union. To identify those who have shaped the school-choice movement across the country, the AP analyzed the political contributions of 48 individuals and couples who have given at least $100,000 to related statewide ballot measure campaigns. That group accounted for the majority of reported contributions to campaigns favoring school-choice initiatives from 2000 through last year. The donors nearly matched all the measures’ opponents. The AP analysis showed that the same wealthy funders contributed a total of more than $200 million from 2007 through last year to candidates and political action committees, some of which are supporters of school choice. The funders are from a variety of industries and regions, with a concentration of investors and tech innovators from Seattle and Silicon Valley. Some give millions more to research centers, legal funds, foundations, charter schools and scholarships that promote pieces of the cause. Political campaigns often are a clash of titans. The nation’s two largest teachers’ unions — the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined — contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees over the same 10-year period, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. Both unions and school-choice advocates also made independent political expenditures, which are impossible to tally because the details are not required to be reported in many states. Heart of debate For the past decade, school-choice supporters have split over the merits of private-school vouchers versus public charter schools, according to William Oberndorf, a San Francisco investor, major contributor to the movement and chairman of the American Federation for Children, which was led by DeVos until last year. He urged all school-choice advocates to drop their divisions and support the core belief that choice in any form is a good thing if it lets parents make decisions about what is best for their kids. “Most Americans have that already,” Oberndorf said in an interview. “They have that if they have enough money to move to a good school district or send their kids to private school. It’s really only poor people who don’t have choices.” Other wealthy school-choice funders are adamant about improving the public education system and combatting any effort that would take tax dollars away from it. They object to being grouped with the supporters of private-school vouchers. Nick Hanauer, a Seattle investor who had an early stake in Amazon and who spent $1 million in 2012 to support a successful ballot measure to allow charters in Washington state, called vouchers “a stupid idea.” Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. “No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It’s a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren’t serious about delivering high-quality education,” he said. “They’re simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this.” DeVos factor The schism between wealthy funders over private-school vouchers became visible earlier this year during the confirmation process for DeVos, a billionaire heiress who was nominated by Trump for education secretary despite having no experience as a teacher or school administrator. DeVos attended private religious schools in Michigan. Her children were home-schooled and attended religious schools. Broad, a charter school advocate who has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charters, wrote a letter to senators urging them to reject DeVos, calling her “unprepared and unqualified.” DeVos was confirmed only when Vice President Mike Pence cast the vote to break a 50-50 tie in the Senate. Overstock founder Patrick Byrne, who spent nearly $3 million on a failed 2007 Utah ballot initiative promoting vouchers, said DeVos was an “A-plus.” Venture capitalist Timothy Draper, who put $23 million behind a failed attempt to bring vouchers to California in 2000, also had high praise for her. “Having someone who really understands choice in education and how helpful that can be ... is going to be good for education,” Draper said. The sides have been at odds previously, including in Arizona, where in April lawmakers passed and the governor signed a law to expand a voucher program. DeVos’s American Federation for Children made a total of $500,000 in independent political expenditures in 2014 and 2016. The anti-voucher Stand for Children spent $1 million in the state during that span. The Trump administration has not released any details about a voucher plan. But early this month, Trump asked lawmakers to work with him to extend school choice to millions more children, including low-income Hispanics and blacks. “who deserve the same chance as every other child to live out their dreams and fill up their hearts and be educated at the top, top level.” The outline in his budget proposal calls for $1.4 billion in school-choice initiatives, including $250 million to launch a voucher program. That money would come in part from cutting $9 billion from K-12 education, including teacher training and after-school and summer programs. The Trump budget calls for eventually increasing annual school-choice funding by $20 billion. It’s unclear how much support or opposition such a plan will generate, in part because most people don’t know much about the topic. A poll conducted by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and released this week found that 58 percent of respondents said they knew little or nothing at all about charter schools and two-thirds reported the same about private school voucher programs. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose home-schooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. “I think that the first and most important measure of accountability to the public is to the parents in general, right?” DeVos said. Linked School choice backers spend heavily in Wis. Tagged: American Federation of Teachers, AFL-CIO, Seattle, Washington, United States, North America, Donald Trump, Bill Gates, Michael Pence, Betsy DeVos, Randi Weingarten, Eli Broad, Milton Friedman Click to comment Close comments Related Voucher proposals expose rift in school choice movement Education secretary has long history of financing politics Critics fume over Trump choice to lead voter fraud panel Workers begin to fill collapsed radioactive tunnel at Hanford Front Page Sand industry back in business in western Wisconsin Sports New-look amateur league has three Eau Claire teams, including Cavaliers Front Page Off Beat: Love spurs Acres for Joy Sports Prep softball: Rooney’s rise gives Cards a lift © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. To Top Applying filter…
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 138 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Voucher proposals expose rift in school choice movement Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from the Trump administration that could offer parents federal dollars. Post to Facebook Voucher proposals expose rift in school choice movement Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from the Trump administration that could offer parents federal dollars.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rdmkbu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 60 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Voucher proposals expose rift in school choice movement Geoff Mulvihill, Associated Press Published 10:48 p.m. ET May 13, 2017 | Updated 11:06 p.m. ET May 13, 2017 In this Feb. 14, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump talks to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Even as fierce political battles rage in Washington over school choice, most Americans know little about charter schools or private school voucher programs. Still, more Americans feel positively than negatively about expanding those programs, according to a new poll released Friday, May 12, 2017. (Photo: Evan Vucci / AP file photo) 138 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE For two decades, a loose-knit group that includes some of the country’s wealthiest people has underwritten the political push for school choice, promoting ballot initiatives and candidates who favor competition for traditional public schools. But when a member of this elite group was elevated to education secretary, the appointment opened a philosophical schism that now threatens to shatter the alliance, turn billionaires against each other and possibly lead some school-choice advocates to join with teachers’ unions, their archenemies. Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from President Donald Trump’s administration that could offer parents federal dollars to send their children to private schools, including religious and for-profit institutions. Betsy DeVos has long history of financing politics “As much as we are aligned on change, we aren’t always aligned on how much change or how. Sometimes we fight,” said Derrell Bradford, executive vice president of the school-reform group 50CAN. The movement has been cleaved into two camps: those who want to use choice to improve public schools and others, like Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who want to go further by allowing tax money to flow to private schools through vouchers, government-funded scholarships or corporate tax credits. The differences that once seemed minor are at the heart of a potential seismic shift in the school-choice movement. School-choice programs were first proposed in the 1950s by Nobel Prize-winning free-market economist Milton Friedman. Since the beginning of this century, they have grown quickly, although the overwhelming majority of students still attend traditional public schools. Thirty states plus Washington, D.C., have some combination of vouchers, government-subsidized education savings accounts or tax credits that help families afford private-school tuition or encourage private groups to fund scholarships, according to EdChoice, an advocacy group founded by Friedman and his wife. Still, less than 1 percent of children in kindergarten through high school used vouchers to attend private schools in 2015. Just 5 percent of students were in charter schools that year, when charters were operating in more than 40 states. That’s up from about 3 percent in 2008, according to the Department of Education. Charter schools are public but in several states are not held to the same accountability standards as traditional schools, which in theory gives them more freedom to innovate. When standardized test scores of children who switched to charter schools or used vouchers are compared with those of students who remained in traditional public schools, some results have been promising. Other studies have shown little effect or even worse outcomes. The Biggest Donors In this Sept. 16, 2015 file photo, Eli Broad and his wife, Edythe, stand for a photo amid Jeff Koons sculptures at his new museum called "The Broad" in downtown Los Angeles. Eli Broad, a charter school advocate has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charter schools.  (Photo: Richard Vogel / AP) Wal-Mart’s Walton family, Los Angeles billionaire Eli Broad and the father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates have been some of the largest political contributors to the school-reform movement, according to an analysis by the Associated Press of campaign-finance records compiled by the National Institute on Money in State Politics and state campaign-finance regulators. Microsoft’s Bill Gates avoids political contributions. His family’s massive foundation — which his father, Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs — is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. The elder Gates contributes personally as well. Microsoft’s Bill Gates speaks to Liz Claman of the Fox Business Network in this Monday, May 8, 2017 file photo. Gates avoids political contributions. His family’s massive foundation — which his father, Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs — is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits.  (Photo: Nati Harnik / AP) In the past, contributions have flowed to reform-minded groups regardless of whether they supported public charter schools, vouchers for private schools or a combination. Now those funders are beginning to split into competing camps. Groups such as Stand for Children, which pushes for charter schools among other educational changes, are being more vocal now because “the level of ambition of the efforts to expand vouchers is so high,” said Jonah Edelman, co-founder and chief executive, who called the voucher proposals “a dramatic effort to undermine public education.” Edelman, whose organization receives part of its funding from Walton, Broad and Gates-related charities and family members, said his group will fight any administration effort to promote vouchers nationwide. Stand for Children has worked with teachers unions in the past on state-level measures to provide more money for schools and raise teacher pay. But its calls for more charters often put it at odds with the unions, which are powerful political entities in many states. The American Federation of Teachers has had conversations with some charter school advocates it has opposed in the past about coordinating to fight a national voucher program, said Randi Weingarten, president of the union. To identify those who have shaped the school-choice movement across the country, the AP analyzed the political contributions of 48 individuals and couples who have given at least $100,000 to related statewide ballot measure campaigns. That group accounted for the majority of reported contributions to campaigns favoring school-choice initiatives from 2000 through last year. The donors nearly matched all the measures’ opponents. The group also wields political clout in addition to school-related ballot initiatives. The AP analysis showed that the same wealthy funders contributed a total of more than $200 million from 2007 through last year to candidates and political action committees, some of which are supporters of school choice. The funders are from a variety of industries and regions, with a concentration of investors and tech innovators from Seattle and Silicon Valley. Some give millions more to research centers, legal funds, foundations, charter schools and scholarships that promote pieces of the cause. Political campaigns often are a clash of titans. The nation’s two largest teachers’ unions — the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined — contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees over the same 10-year period, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. Both unions and school-choice advocates also made independent political expenditures, which are impossible to tally because the details are not required to be reported in many states. The Heart Of The Debate For the past decade, school-choice supporters have split over the merits of private-school vouchers versus public charter schools, according to William Oberndorf, a San Francisco investor, major contributor to the movement and chairman of the American Federation for Children, which was led by DeVos until last year. He urged all school-choice advocates to drop their divisions and support the core belief that choice in any form is a good thing if it lets parents make decisions about what is best for their kids. “Most Americans have that already,” Oberndorf said in an interview. “They have that if they have enough money to move to a good school district or send their kids to private school. It’s really only poor people who don’t have choices.” In a statement to the AP, a representative of the Waltons said the family is concerned about improving education quality for all children. It is not focused so much on how that is done. “There have always been tensions in some quarters over the best ways to offer educational options to families,” said Marc Sternberg, senior education adviser to the Walton family. “School choice is a means to an end and not the end in itself. It is about making sure those options — including schools within traditional school systems — offer the kinds of high quality, diverse educational opportunities so that every child has a real chance to succeed in life.” Other wealthy school-choice funders are adamant about improving the public education system and combatting any effort that would take tax dollars away from it. They object to being grouped with the supporters of private-school vouchers. Nick Hanauer, a Seattle investor who had an early stake in Amazon and who spent $1 million in 2012 to support a successful ballot measure to allow charters in Washington state, called vouchers “a stupid idea.” Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. “No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It’s a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren’t serious about delivering high-quality education,” he said. “They’re simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this.” Devos Deepens Divide The schism between wealthy funders over private-school vouchers became visible earlier this year during the confirmation process for DeVos, a billionaire heiress who was nominated by Trump for education secretary despite having no experience as a teacher or school administrator. DeVos attended private religious schools in Michigan. Her children were homeschooled and attended religious schools. Broad, a charter school advocate who has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charters, wrote a letter to senators urging them to reject DeVos, calling her “unprepared and unqualified.” With DeVos at the helm of the Education Department, “much of the good work that has been accomplished to improve public education for all of America’s children could be undone,” wrote Broad, who declined to be interviewed by the AP. DeVos was confirmed only when Vice President Mike Pence cast the vote to break a 50-50 tie in the Senate. This March 25, 2010 file photo, Chairman and CEO of OverStock.com Patrick Byrne poses for a picture by the employee of the month wall at the warehouse of Overstock.com outside of Salt Lake City, Utah. Emboldened by the new White House administration, advocates including Byrne, the money man behind Utah's ambitious voucher proposal that was crushed by voters a decade ago, say there is a renewed appetite to expand school choice in the state.  (Photo: George Frey / AP) Overstock founder Patrick Byrne, who spent nearly $3 million on a failed 2007 Utah ballot initiative promoting vouchers, said DeVos was an “A-plus.” Venture capitalist Timothy Draper, who put $23 million behind a failed attempt to bring vouchers to California in 2000, also had high praise for her. “Having someone who really understands choice in education and how helpful that can be ... is going to be good for education,” Draper said. The sides have been at odds previously, including in Arizona, where in April lawmakers passed and the governor signed a law to expand a voucher program. DeVos’s American Federation for Children made a total of $500,000 in independent political expenditures in 2014 and 2016. The anti-voucher Stand for Children spent $1 million in the state during that span. The Trump administration has not released any details about a voucher plan. But early this month, Trump asked lawmakers to work with him to extend school choice to millions more children, including low-income Hispanics and blacks “who deserve the same chance as every other child to live out their dreams and fill up their hearts and be educated at the top, top level.” The outline in his budget proposal calls for $1.4 billion in school-choice initiatives, including $250 million to launch a voucher program. That money would come in part from cutting $9 billion from K-12 education, including teacher training and after-school and summer programs. The Trump budget calls for eventually increasing annual school-choice funding by $20 billion. It’s unclear how much support or opposition such a plan will generate, in part because most people don’t know much about the topic. A poll conducted by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and released this week found that 58 percent of respondents said they knew little or nothing at all about charter schools and two-thirds reported the same about private school voucher programs. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. “I think that the first and most important measure of accountability to the public is to the parents in general, right?” said DeVos. Political Contributions The Associated Press examined political contributions over a 10-year period by the people who have been major contributors to advance school choice measures such as public charter schools and programs to use taxpayer funding to pay for private school tuition. Some key findings: — Forty-eight individuals or married couples donated at least $100,000 from 2000 to 2016 to support statewide ballot measures advocating for the creation or expansion of charter schools or taxpayer-funded scholarships that can be used for K-12 private school tuition. — Those contributors account for more than three-fifths of funding to support the ballot measures since 2000. — The support from those contributors totaled nearly $64 million, nearly equal to the amount all opponents of the measures reported spending. — Despite the proponents’ spending, voters rejected seven of nine statewide school-choice ballot measures. — The contributors also are major givers to officeholders, candidates and political causes. They donated a total of nearly $225 million from 2007 through last year. The biggest portion of their contributions went to candidates, party and general ideological political action committees. Some of the candidates they supported are known for their support of school-choice measures. — Their spending was roughly even over that period on school choice causes, other education measures that were not specifically advocating for school choice, and causes that are not linked directly to education. — Teachers unions, which represent 4.5 million employees, reported giving about 2½ times as much to political campaigns and committees as the 48 individuals and couples gave over the 10-year period. — The wealthy school choice advocates also put millions into nonprofit groups that advocate for, study and fund school-choice measures. — The school choice advocates generally support public charter schools, which are run by different rules than traditional schools and often fall outside the oversight of local school districts. But their views diverge on the role of vouchers, which use taxpayer money to pay tuition at private schools. Still, the dividing lines are not always neat: Some contributors who say they oppose vouchers have given money to groups that support them. 138 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rdmkbu TOP VIDEOS Michigan State Police pursue crash reconstruction technology 0:03 QLine grand opening in Detroit 4:12 Timelapse video of "Paint the Ice" event at Joe Louis Arena 0:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 'Paint the Ice' fan event at Joe Louis Arena 2:20 State police brief media on fatal crash near Howell 2:26 Rescuers and rescued woman meet again 0:51 Super Ewan's crusade: Helping the homeless 0:51 DTE video captures theft of a backpack from a bait car 0:45 LifeBuilders' mission to revitalize Detroit’s Regent Park 1:37
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 7:00pm Mon 15 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos 'We are totally blessed': Officer's kind gesture stuns struggling shoplifter 1:56 PM Sunday May 14, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Spotlight United States A police officer's kind act for Sheena Davenport has won internet hearts. Photo / Facebook A teen mum who was forced to steal groceries to feed her family has been stunned by the generosity of the officer who she faced in court. Sheena Davenport, from Alabama, says her and her boyfriend stole groceries to feed her young daughter after falling on hard times. The pair were arrested when they were caught with hot food they'd taken from Walmart. But during her court appearance heartbreak soon turned to delight. The empathetic officer, Katrina Culbreath, asked Davenport why she stole food from the store. "I told her it was for my daughter. She told me to meet her outside after court was done," Davenport told InsideEdition.com. Davenport said officer Culbreath told her to get into her car and follow the patrol car down the road. "We ended up at the grocery store. I started crying. I realised she was going to buy food for me and my family," she said. "She told me to 'grab a buggy and let's go shopping'. Officer Katrina spent $189 on food for [my family]." The mother added: "After I told her she didn't have to do it, she started telling me her struggle and how she made it through. Continued below. Related Content Public thwart attempted carjacking with fake gun Audrey Young: Clumsy airing of Pike River video recklessly misleading Your Views: Readers' letters Davenport said at the time of the theft her family were "struggling", stating it was the first time she'd ever been in trouble and was desperate to have enough food for her family. The 18-year-old mother pleaded guilty to theft, but said she wasn't expecting an empathetic officer to brighten up her day. The teen parents have been stunned by the act of kindness. Photo / Facebook "I felt so grateful that she was sent to help me. I started crying. I felt someone was looking out for me and my little family. I kept hugging her," Davenport said. "There's still good people out in the world and officers are still here to protect and serve. We are totally blessed by it." Since Culbreath's heart-warming gesture the pair have kept in touch, communicating on a daily basis. - NZ Herald Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Family home gutted by fire in Kawakawa A family's home in Kawakawa has been badly damaged in a fire Hawke's Bay Today Councillor joins HDC mayoral race Hastings councillor Simon Nixon is running for mayor because change is needed, he says… Bay of Plenty Times Inside story: The small future for Bay home owners Reporter Dawn Picken explores why our backyards may be destined to stay small. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Rejoice! The naturally aspirated hot hatch isn't dead ... sort of Renault reveal final naturally aspirated hot hatch fling, but there's a catch... Viva Street style from Australian Fashion Week The best street-style looks outside the shows in Sydney Bite Pork dumplings For the dumplings, thoroughly mix together all the ingredients in a large bowl. Wet the… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 15 May 2017 19:00:39 Processing Time: 359ms
Digital Trends Home > Computing > These five solid state drives will help you go… These five solid state drives will help you go faster on any budget By Tyler Lacoma — Updated May 14, 2017 8:11 am Subscribe Share Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Looking for a massive upgrade to your computer storage? We probably don’t have to tell you about the lightning-fast speeds that solid state drives provide: The best SSD options are now bigger, more affordable, and more compatible than ever, which makes this a good time to buy. If you’re looking for a storage option that also comes with a significant speed boost, we have the top options in several different price ranges for you to consider. Note on hard drive capacity: Some companies quote capacity after overhead, and others before. This leads to uneven rounding practices, and explains why you see some drives at 256GB and some at 250GB. Even then, it’s rare for a drive to have exactly its stated capacity, though variance is generally less than 10GB. Under $150: Samsung 850 EVO 250GB ($108) This 2.5-inch SSD gets a lot of attention as a broadly excellent upgrade choice for a variety of needs. Samsung has plenty of experience creating solid state drives, and the 850 EVO is one of the best SSD products yet, combining both simplicity and quality performance. The interface for this drive is SATA 6Gb/s, with a sequential read speed of 540 megabytes per second and a write speed of 520 MB/s. Reviews have shown it to be one of the quickest SATA drives available. Like most of the SSDs on our list, the Evo comes in several different size options ranging from 120GB to 2TB of storage, with costs varying accordingly. We picked the 250GB version for a couple reasons. It’s a good size for an all-purpose SSD designed for the general user, and it provides a widely-shared base storage number to help you compare it with other models. While MSRP says the drives cost $100 and $150, don’t worry — this model is frequently available just under $100, making it the best option for an SSD under $100. Buy it now from: Amazon Best Buy Walmart Under $200: Samsung 850 Pro 256GB ($150) Get used to the Samsung models, because they keep getting top marks in multiple price ranges. The 850 Pro gets praise as an ideal upgrade for a performance-focused computer made for games or entertainment. It utilizes Samsung’s 3D V-NAND memory — it’s the first in Samsung’s library of SSDs to use it — interfaces via SATA III, and has a sequential read speed up to 550 MB/s and a write speed up to 520 MB/s. Except for a few data format differences, you may think this model isn’t much different from the Evo we just talked about. But those data differences add up to a generally faster, slightly more capacious model that’s a better fit for high-end computers – and very attractive in light of falling prices that help make the Pro and Evo more direct competitors. The 850 Pro comes with options ranging from 128GB to 2TB. Again, the 256GB model, which can be found between $150 and $160, stood out as a well-rounded option. Buy it now from: Amazon Best Buy Walmart Under $300: Western Digital Blue 1TB SSD ($280) This is another great SSD model that gets frequent recommendations for upgraders and has our full support. Note that we picked the 1TB for more robust storage options, but there are three different sizes available depending on your needs. It’s available in SATA or M.2 configurations, and two smaller sizes — 256GB and 512GB. The Western Digital Blue 1TB SATA version offers sequential read speeds up to 488 MB/s and write speeds up to 520 MB/s. It’s not exactly the fastest drive on the market, but it’s quick enough to keep up with most users, especially for such a killer price. Read our full review Buy it now from: Amazon Under $400: Samsung 950 Pro 512GB ($324) If you need more space than a few hundred GBs and are interested in a high-quality, forward-looking SSD, we highly recommend the 950 Pro 512GB from Samsung. Some of the specs are indeed similar to the 850 Pro model, including 3D V-NAND, but the differences are stark. The 950 gets sequential read speeds up to 2,500 megabytes per second and write speeds up to 1,500 MB/s, making it one of the best SSD options in terms of speed. Samsung also claims that it is 1.5 times more power efficient than the 850 model. Why such a big difference between the two models? This is the first M.2 PCI Express-only model on our list. Replacing SATA with this newer interface allows for a bundle of new tricks, including better performance for certain types of data and greater compatibility with cutting edge protocols designed to increase efficiency. Of course, you should make sure that your computer can handle M.2 PCI Express attachments before jumping on the 950. Support will be dependent on your motherboard. Buy it now from: Amazon B&H Adorama Any Price: Intel 750 Series 1.2TB ($900) While we mentioned PCI Express, we haven’t yet talked about NVMe, or Non-Volatile Memory Express. It’s a very similar connection standard that uses the same physical interface, but also adds additional features specifically for storage purposes. The Intel 750 SSD shows off the advantages of this approach with its flexible installation options and high speeds. This is obviously going to make the drive extra fast — in ideal scenarios, it can exceed transfer speeds of two gigabytes per second — but the high-end SSD has other advantages, too. One of the most interesting is the choice between add-in card and 2.5-inch form factors, which allow you to pick a design that fits your upgrade plans and current drive standards. The lightning speeds and compatibility of the card put it on the top of our list, but you’ll have to pay at least $1,000 for the 1TB model. Just make sure you really want it! Read our full review Buy it now from: Amazon
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3042 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Celebrate Mother's Day with freebies, specials for mom Several restaurants want to help you honor mom and save you a little money by offering free treats and discounts. Post to Facebook Celebrate Mother's Day with freebies, specials for mom Several restaurants want to help you honor mom and save you a little money by offering free treats and discounts.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qElFU7 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Celebrate Mother's Day with freebies, specials for mom USA Today Network Kelly Tyko, The (Stuart, Fla.) News Published 8:48 p.m. ET May 13, 2017 | Updated 14 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share From Hooters to Smoothie King, some national chains are honoring mom with these special offers. USA TODAY With the smartphone app Ibotta, moms can get a free mimosa on Mother's Day. (Photo: CONTRIBUTED PHOTO FROM IBOTTA) 3042 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Sunday is the day to give moms a break from cooking. Several restaurants want to help you honor mom and save you a little money by offering free treats and discounts. One of the best deals is available regardless of where you take mom for a Mother’s Day meal.   Cashback app Ibotta is having its first-ever “Mimosa for Mom” rebate, and when mom orders a mimosa you can earn $5 back through the smartphone shopping program. “This Mother’s Day, Ibotta wants to toast moms who are always putting others’ needs before their own,” said Ibotta founder and CEO Bryan Leach in a news release. “Today is their day, so we’re asking them to sit back, relax and enjoy a mimosa on us.” Starting at midnight Sunday, the special rebate will be available on the app under the “Restaurants and Bar” category. Tap the “Mimosa for Mom” rebate and have a mimosa at any bar or restaurant. 5 things to binge-watch with your mom this Mother's Day Trust a robot to make a Mother's Day video for you? After the purchase, upload the receipt in the app to get $5 cash back. Receipts need to be itemized to show a mimosa was ordered. Once you earn $20 in cashback through the app, you can transfer money to a PayPal or Venmo account or choose a select gift card. In addition to earning cashback on mimosas and other alcoholic drinks, use Ibotta to earn cashback on groceries and household items at stores including Target, Walmart, Publix, CVS, Walgreens, Lowe’s and Home Depot. Also earn money back on select online purchases. Learn more about Ibotta here. Here are other Mother’s Day deals available at participating locations: Bass Pro Shops: What mom doesn’t love a picture of her kids? From noon to 5 p.m. Saturday and noon to 4 p.m. Sunday, get a free 4-by-6-inch photo at the outdoors store. Plus, on Sunday, the first 100 get a free tote bag with photo, limit one tote per family. Learn more here. Boston Market: Get $5 off a family meal for four or more on Mother’s Day with this coupon. Plus, every mom who dines on Mother’s Day will receive a coupon for a free cookie on her next visit to any participating locations, redeemable May 15-31. Duffy's Sports Grill: Moms get a free glass of wine and a $10 MVP bonus added to their loyalty account, which can be redeemed May 15 through June 17. Go here to learn more about the MVP program. First Watch: Moms get a free box of chocolates on Mother’s Day while supplies last. Hooters: Moms choose a free meal from a special Mother’s Day menu with any drink purchase at participating locations. Free menu item options may vary by location and many also will present moms with a coupon to redeem May 15 through June 9. Learn more here. Hurricane Grill & Wings: Buy one entrée with a minimum purchase of $8.99 and mom gets a free entrée of equal or lesser value up to a $16.99 value. This deal requires the purchase of two beverages. Find participating locations here. McDonald’s: At participating South Florida locations, moms get a free breakfast, including a breakfast sandwich or breakfast extra value meal with their choice of a small orange juice, coffee or soft drink. No purchase is necessary for this dine-in only deal available during breakfast hours but mothers must be accompanied by a child and order in the lobby.  Miller’s Ale House: Moms who dine-in at participating locations get a free glass of house wine or a Bloody Mary plus a $10 bonus card, which can be redeemed May 15 through Aug. 31. A meal purchase is required to get the freebies. Ruth Chris Steak House: Moms who dine in Saturday and Sunday will get a $25 credit to use on a future purchase through July 2. Select locations will have specials on Sunday. Pilot Flying J: From May 14 through 20, mom gets a free cup of Pilot Coffee when they show a coupon from Pilot Flying J’s Facebook page. Pollo Tropical: Text MOM2017 to 52198 to get a coupon for a whole chicken, rice and beans and four rolls for $9.99 to use through May 14. Email club members also got a coupon emailed. Sign up for future offers here. Smoothie King: Members of Smoothie King’s email club were sent an email coupon for $2.99 20-ounce smoothies to redeem only on Mother’s Day. Go here to sign up for future offers. Starbucks: This deal isn’t just for moms. Sunday is the last day of Frappuccino Happy Hour. Visit a participating Starbucks store from 3 to 6 p.m. to get half-off Frappuccino blended beverages, any flavor and any size. Tijuana Flats: Moms get a free entrée on Mother’s Day when they show this Facebook post or an email coupon sent to members of the Tex-Mex restaurant’s Flathead email club. Go here to sign up for future offers. Winn-Dixie: The grocery store chain is having a contest to honor military moms. Through midnight May 14, customers can nominate moms by submitting 200 words or less on why she deserves to be recognized. Submit entries to militarymoms@segrocers.com. Three winning moms will receive a Beauty Basket and $200 Winn-Dixie gift card. Winners will be selected on May 15 and announced on the company’s Facebook page. Follow Kelly Tyko on Twitter: @TCPalmKelly FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Celebrating mothers around the world  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Ali Younes, an 8 year-old from Lebanon, sits with his mother after becoming a U.S. citizen during a citizenship ceremony at The Bronx Zoo, May 5, 2017 in New York. 32 children, ranging in age from 5 to 13 years old, attended the ceremony and became U.S. citizens.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen In a Feb. 6, 2017 photo, Cheryl DeLorenzo of Paulsboro, right, and her daughter Leann DeLorenzo, who resides in Philadelphia, go for a training run in Paulsboro, N.J. The mother and daughter started running together years ago, when Leann was playing on her high school boys' soccer team and wanted her runner-mom to help her train. A few years ago, the two started running marathons together, and now they're training to enter their first triathlon.   Chris LaChall, Camden Courier-Post via AP Fullscreen Syrian refugee Baraa Haj Khalaf (L) and her daughter Shams (R) are greeted by her brother Mohamad and mother Fattuom after arriving on a flight from Istanbul, Turkey at O'Hare Airport on February 7, 2017, in Chicago, Ill. Khalaf had spent the last five years in a refugee camp in Turkey. Her trip to the United States, with her husband and young daughter, was suspended after President Trump signed an executive order stopping Syrian refugees from entering the U.S..   Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen A young native American and his mother look on during a Native Nations March in Denver, Colorado on March 10, 2017. Native tribes from around the US gathered for four days of protest against the administration of President Trump and the Dakota Access oil pipeline. In the first week of his presidency, Donald Trump signed executive orders to revive the Dakota Access project, along with a second pipeline put on hold by the Obama administration, Keystone XL.   Jason Connolly, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A Thai Muslim woman takes a selfie with her son (L) and other children during a group male circumcision ceremony at a Muslim fishing village of Koh Panyee, in Phang Nga province, southern Thailand, 10 May 2017 (issued 12 May 2017). About 20 Thai Muslim boys aged between 2.5 and 5 years attended the ceremony. The circumcision ceremony is an important ritual for the residents, where every boy is circumcised before turning seven.  Narong Sangnak, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Han Hye-gyeong and her mother, Kim Shi-nyeo, stand in front of Samsung Electronic's Seocho Headquarters on March 6, 2017 in Seoul, South Korea. An advocacy organization, the Supporters for Health and Right of People in Semiconductor Industry (SHARPS), comprised of victims and families who have not accepted Samsung's compensation, demands the company give a sincere apology, transparent compensation, and commitment to prevent the recurrences. According to SHARPS, 229 laborers and sub-contractors of the Samsung semiconductor and LCD factories have suffered from occupational diseases, and 79 of them have died of incurable illnesses such as leukemia, malignant lymphoma and melanoma since SHARPS began documenting the cases in 2007. Samsung said it had already given the compensation money to 120 victims with diseases which Samsung deemed as "suspected of occupational." However, SHARPS demands "compensation with no exception and a reopening the dialogue."  Jean Chung Fullscreen Filipino mothers hold their babies during sunrise at a shantytown in Las Pinas city, south of Manila, Philippines, on April 25, 2017.   Francis R. Malasig, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Gemma Loveless and her daughter Freya, age 6, from Manchester walk to attend the Goth Festival in Whitby, North Yorkshire, Britain on April 23, 2017. The Goth culture emerged from the punk scene in the 1980's, developing its own music and fashion styles. The festival has now been running over twenty years and attracts around ten thousand people over the weekend.  Nigel Roddis, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Om Kasem, 31, carries her son Kasem, who was born with Down's Syndorme, as Syria prepares to celebrate Mother's Day in Eastern al-Ghouta, Syria on March 16, 2017 . Om Kasem says she has three children, and because of conflict, she had to move with her family five times. Syria marks Mother's Day on March 21 every year among other countries celebrating the day to honor motherhood and the influence of mothers in society.  Mohammed Badra, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Shirin Kurdi, 32, mother of five children, holds her newly born baby Iljaz Rasul (five days old) in her barrack at the transit center for refugees and migrants near the northern Macedonian village of Tabanovce on the border with Serbia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on Jan. 18, 2017. Shirin Kurdi and her children had been stuck in the transit camp for 10 months.   Georgi Licovski, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A teddy bear sits next to it's owner who eats breakfast with his mother at a diner in Santiago, Chile on May 4, 2017.   Esteban Felix, AP Fullscreen A mother (L) embraces her daughter during the Women's March on January 21, 2017, in Washington, DC. Hundreds of thousands of people flooded US cities in a day of women's rights protests to mark President Trump's first full day in office.   Joshua Lott, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide   3042 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qElFU7
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Restaurant in grocery store reflects retail fusion Service amenities in Busch’s market in Canton part of industry trend to meet changing consumer habits, new competition Post to Facebook Restaurant in grocery store reflects retail fusion Service amenities in Busch’s market in Canton part of industry trend to meet changing consumer habits, new competition  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2qhFwrb {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Restaurant in grocery store reflects retail fusion The Detroit News Published 11:21 p.m. ET May 14, 2017 | Updated 4 hours ago FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Busch’s Fresh Food Market in Canton has restaurant, Starbucks  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo Busch's Fresh Food Market in Canton.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Paramtej Shergill, left. and Viraj Shergill, 2, enjoy lunch at J.B.'s Smokehouse located inside the Busch's Fresh Food Market.  Robin Buckson, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Server Amanda Holloway, left, takes orders from Vivian Dettbarn-Slaughter, Michael Slaughter, Stephanie Dettbarn, bottom right, and Ryan Dettbarn at J.B.'s Smokehouse.  Robin Buckson, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Starbucks employee Morgan Kelm, right, hands a straw to Khoi do of Canton for his Unicorn Frappuccino at Busch's Fresh Food Market.  Robin Buckson, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Eric Cook, 15, places his order at Starbucks at Busch's Fresh Food Market with his sister, Carmen Cook, 13, and mother Felicia Cook, from Canton.  Robin Buckson, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Jenna Sleiman adds fresh ingredients to make a green tonic juice drink at the Juice and Gelato Bar.  Robin Buckson, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Urooba Fatima, 21, of Canton puts a straw into her green tonic juice drink at the Juice and Gelato Bar.  Robin Buckson, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo From the produce department you can view the J.B.'s Smokehouse restaurant and Starbucks coffee.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Susanna Kim, sushi chef for Sushi Maru, prepares a lobster roll at the sushi shop.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Todd Buchanan, 48, executive chef at J.B.'s Smokehouse, displays smoked chicken on the grill.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Sam Robinson, 41, of Inkster eats lunch inside J.B.'s Smokehouse restaurant.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo A customer view the food items at the hot food bar.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Not only does the Canton Township location boast the company’s first restaurant, but it has a gelato stand, fresh juice bar, a cheese cave and a dry aging meat cabinet.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo The gelato bar inside J.B.'s Smokehouse is shown.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo The gelato bar has a variety of flavors.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo The wine and beer area features over 400 bottles.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo A customer walks past the sushi shop.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo A variety of cheeses are available.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo This is the salad bar.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo This is where hot cooked meals are prepared.  Clarence Tabb Jr., The Detroit News Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 20 2 of 20 3 of 20 4 of 20 5 of 20 6 of 20 7 of 20 8 of 20 9 of 20 10 of 20 11 of 20 12 of 20 13 of 20 14 of 20 15 of 20 16 of 20 17 of 20 18 of 20 19 of 20 20 of 20 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Buy Photo J.B.’s executive chef Todd Buchanan said the restaurant’s housemade sauces and freshly prepared meals helped win over some customers’ initial skepticism. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr. / The Detroit News)Buy Photo 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Canton Township — J.B.’s Smokehouse serves the usual BBQ staples: ribs, pulled pork and beef brisket, smoked on the premises, along with tasty Southern-inspired sides, everything from rice ’n’ beans to ham hock and bacon collard greens. What isn’t expected is J.B.’s Smokehouse, a full-service restaurant and bar with seating for 70, anchors an enclosed corner of a grocery store: the newest Busch’s Fresh Food Market. With the restaurant, named after the grocery chain’s founder, Joe Busch, the Ann Arbor-based company has upped its game in the competitive Metro Detroit grocery market. Not only does the Canton Township location boast the company’s first restaurant, but the 54,000-square-foot store also features a Starbucks (another first for Busch’s), a gelato stand, fresh juice bar, a cheese cave (complete with wheels of cheese, cut to order), a dry aging meat cabinet and an expanded selection of prepared foods, including Indian and Middle Eastern fare, a nod to the neighborhoods surrounding the store at Canton Center and Cherry Hill. Additionally, the store stocks an expanded selection of wine — 1,300 bottles — and 90 feet of refrigerated cases of domestic, imported and Michigan and other craft beer. “We wanted to build a store that takes us into the future, and not just another Busch’s,” said Marla Booth, a spokeswoman for the chain. “We wanted to take a different approach and open a restaurant. We’re super pleased. There’s been great feedback.” Busch’s efforts come as the grocery industry in Michigan and across the country adapts to not only changing consumer habits but also an onslaught of competition from all facets of the retail sector. Before opening the Busch’s store, a former Farmer Jack location, owner John Busch and CEO Mike Brooks traveled the country to explore the latest industry trends and to see how other grocers were adapting to ever-changing consumer habits. The new store showcases many of their findings, including a greater selection of convenient and prepared foods and ethnic groceries, as well as online ordering with curbside pickup. The restaurant, however, is a bold step for a regional chain. “I would say they’re at the forefront” said Laura Strange, a spokeswoman for the National Grocers Association. “A lot of what is driving these changes in the industry is convenience. We have found that consumers are time-starved, so whenever they can go in a grocery store to shop and also pick up something prepared for dinner that night, that’s a huge convenience.” Industry ‘cannibalization’ While grocery stores have long featured coffee bars, wine and beer bars, or cafe-style service, full-service restaurants are a fairly new phenomenon. The Italian marketplace Eataly, with stores in Chicago, New York and Boston, houses a variety of restaurants. Closer to home, the recently opened Whole Foods in East Lansing includes the Green State Bar and Grill, with a rotating selection of Michigan craft and hard-to-find beers and a menu offering burgers, sandwiches and breakfast. Traditional grocery stores were once the primary source of groceries and household products, with consumers shopping once a week or every other week. Now, the choices are many, with big-box retailers and drug stores selling groceries as well as prepared foods. And then there are a multitude of specialty and ethnic grocers, discounters such as the Germany companies, Aldi and Lidl, expanding their American footprint. Prepared meal delivery companies, such as Blue Apron, and online deliveries from the likes of Wal-Mart and Amazon and also are competing for consumers. “You’re seeing a cannibalization of the industry, thanks to all of these other ways to buy groceries,” said Dave Cheatham, president of Velocity Retail Group and an expert on specialty retailers and grocers. “All retail is changing. Everyone is looking for value. Grocery stores will continue to evolve.” Also driving changes are millennials, the nation’s largest living generation, comprised of those in their 20s to early 30s, experts said. “Millennials are looking at food differently — they’re not like your mother who went to the store once a week or every two weeks. They go more often,” Cheatham said. “They are focused on time and convenience. They want to get in and out of a store. They don’t want to walk through a football-sized store to shop.” Kroger, the largest grocer in Michigan with 126 stores, has adapted to consumer trends, expanding its selection of fresh and prepared foods, including make-your-own pizza and build-your-own burrito bars in some stores, organic produce and foods and its brand inventory. “We’ve all felt these changes coming,” said Rachel Hurst, public affairs manager for the Kroger Co. of Michigan. “We’ve asked ourselves, ‘How do we take what we do traditionally and yet change with (the times).’ We’re still helping people who want to come into the store and shop and the group that doesn’t want to be in the store.” Launched last year, Kroger’s ClickList, which allows shoppers to order online and pick up curbside, has been a big hit. “It’s been a huge success for us,” she said. “We’ve had great feedback. People call and thank us for saving them time.” Shop, stay for dinner Like other Michigan grocers, Busch’s and Kroger are carving new niches to appeal to more shoppers in a highly competitive business, where the profit margin is typically in the single digits, said Linda Gobler, president of the Michigan Grocers Association. “We’re going to see a lot of changes in response to what consumers want,” she said. “They may go into a store to buy milk or coffee but stay for lunch or dinner. I think we’re going to see other iterations of what Busch’s has done.” The store’s whole concept pleases Jen Schack, a registered nurse who lives in Canton Township and shops for her family at Busch’s and other local markets. “Busch’s has done a great job with sourcing food and beverages locally in the restaurant and throughout the store,” said Schack, who has dined in and ordered carryout from J.B.’s. With J.B.’s Smokehouse, Busch’s has come full circle. The company’s founder, Joe Busch, started out as a butcher and eventually opened a smokehouse. He opened the first Busch’s in 1975 and the company evolved into a chain of stores. “It’s a throwback to our beginning and pays homage to Joe Busch. It’s very intentional,” said Booth, the spokeswoman. The restaurant is set apart from the grocery with its rustic, urban decor — charred, stained-wood paneling, Michigan-made wood tables and metal chairs. There are entrances from the store and the outdoors, which also features patio that can seat another 80-90 patrons. Meats are cured in smokers stationed in front of the store. Executive Chef Todd Buchanan, a Michigan native whose southern roots have helped accent J.B.’s fare, said some customers were skeptical of the restaurant but have been won over by the housemade sauces and freshly prepared meals. Greg Tasker is a Michigan-based freelance writer. 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2qhFwrb TOP VIDEOS QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49
News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Site Archive American Legion in Peoria prepares to distribute poppies Sunday May 14, 2017 at 8:04 PM Andy Kravetz Journal Star public safety reporter @andykravetz PEORIA — What started as a way to help pay for bare necessities for veterans living in hospitals has evolved into a sense of therapy. "If a guy has a bad hand, it can help them spiritually and physically to assemble the poppies," said Alfred Burnett Jr., poppy committee chairman for American Legion Post 2 in Peoria. "It makes them feel like they aren't just living in a jail. They are doing something."  Like an annual rite of spring, the week before Memorial Day in Peoria means one thing — dozens of American Legion members out passing out the small, red, fabric flowers for people to wear on their lapel. The poppies are symbolic of the horrors of World War I. The small fabric flowers are made by veterans and include a small tag explaining their significance. The Legion first adopted the poppy in 1921 as a way to honor those who served in World War I, where the little flower was often the one bright spot on battle-worn fields in Europe. It was made famous in the poem “In Flanders’ Fields." Poppies will be distributed from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thursday, Friday and Saturday at all three Peoria Kroger locations, the Walmart on University Street and both Hy-Vee locations. People can also get a poppy from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Thursday at the Peoria County Courthouse. Burnett and others will be there to distribute them.  Burnett and others ask only for a small donation in return for the poppies. The annual event raises slightly more than $9,000, and every cent goes to the vets. Donations will help local veterans at the Veterans Affairs clinic in Peoria and to Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs homes in Quincy, LaSalle and Danville. The money given to the VA homes is used for birthday parties, entertainment, crafts, holiday treats and other things to make life a little more enjoyable for the vets who live there.  They aren't sold, Burnett said, because of tradition. A woman moved by the "In Flanders Fields" poem decided to pass out the flower as a way to show her support. People donated money back and a tradition was born. Next year, the poppies will change to look more realistic. It's a good thing, Burnett said, as they will more resemble the plants mentioned in the poem and will be easier for the vets to assemble.  If you want volunteer or if you want to help, call 685-4517. Andy Kravetz can be reached at 686-3283 or akravetz@pjstar.com. Follow him on Twitter @andykravetz.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Customer Service Newspaper in Education Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Nick in the AM Education State News Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
News Sports Living Classifieds 69° Full Menu 69° Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Blues Colleges High Schools Recruiting High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad Letters to the Editor May 14, 2017 7:00 PM BND readers sound off on corruption, taxes, flooded road LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Persecuted? Yup Duebbert feels persecuted because he’s gay and a Republican. I believe it. Baricevic doesn’t talk like a judge, he talks like a politician. Look in the article where Baricevic says, “What would WE have to gain from doing this?” He keeps talking about himself like he’s the Democratic Party and he controls the county. It’s unbelievable how political this county is. Raise the road Time and again, Highway 50 over the Silver Creek, closes after a heavy rain. The people in charge of roads and highways should hang their heads in shame. All these years and they can’t bring that strip of road high enough to avoid the repeated closings? This forces local traffic to find an alternative route every time. Isn’t it about time they fixed a problem that effects so many people? Democratic thieves The most outrageous story I’ve read all year is about Ms. Reed, the Alorton mayor. Our state’s attorney is saying that he’s going to get her, but it’s not like they “got her” last time. Take a look at these campaign contributions from the crooked Democrats. They finance thieves for political office. She used to work for the sheriff’s office. When will the county figure this out and quit voting for these people. Spinners for Reed I think that Joanne Reed’s new car, paid for by taxpayers, should be outfitted at public expense with chrome spinners that make it appear that her wheels are turning when nothing whatsoever is moving forward. Raise in Swansea For the last couple of years, Swansea officials have raised our property taxes saying it was necessary for the unfunded police pension. Now, those same elected officials are preparing to give the village administrator a 10 percent pay increase. Five percent of that is a standard raise and the rest is being hidden as a “cash bonus.” Are all of the village employees getting a raise like that? And what about that shortage in the police pension fund? Maybe that’s why we have a shortage. Fair trial in doubt In the article about the juvenile charged with manslaughter, the statement that stands out to me is that he is allowed adult relatives to visit him at home. Why is that a stipulation other than the fact that the current Clinton County state’s attorney is a relative of his? In any other circumstances that would not be a condition. Mayor’s $5,900 house In your editorial about Rickie Thomas, why is the house in Washington Park only valued at $5,900? What transpired from 2013-2014 to lower it from $20k? Thomas prosecution I loved the Glenn McCoy cartoon about Rickie Thomas. What happens to Thomas now and how are the laws going to be enforced? I also look forward to Brendan Kelly and his prosecution to come. It’s too bad that St. Clair County voters didn’t get out to vote and get rid of these long-term politicians. Residents ignored The Highland Planning and Zoning Board could have saved a packed room of residents about 3 1/2 hours on May 10 by telling them up front that they intended to vote for all four proposals on the agenda. Clearly, the objections and concerns of the residents affected by the zoning change and the special use requests were of no concern to this board. When Chairman Brad Korte was asked why a “special” meeting was called for this rather than waiting for the regularly scheduled meeting June 7, his reply was “I just wanted to get this over with.” This same proposal was defeated by the City Council just three weeks ago. After submitting 109 signatures against the proposal for the April meeting, 213 were submitted on May 10. Chris Korte, Brad Wilken, and Austin Wilken wanted these changes. Residents numbering 213 did not. Retire Durbin U.S. Sen. Dickie Durbin is concerned that FBI Director Comey’s removal will undermine the Russian investigation. This was the same Durbin who wanted Comey fired during the Clinton email investigation. Durbin is getting old and can’t remember what he stands for from one day to the next. Time to retire Durbin on his excessive, gravy-train, federal pension. Vanity, hubris In 1991, the lady who handed out vanity plates for the state pleaded guilty in federal court for stealing $234,000. Then, she was hired eight years later by the Secretary of State’s office. Do these corrupt Democrats even care what people think about this? These politicians are destroying our state. Political crime About the sound off calling for the state attorney to investigate political crime, until we get an honest one, we’re not going to see any justice in St. Clair County. The attorney’s only loyalty is to County Auditor Patty Sprague. Nothing is going to happen. MetroLink security I take the MetroLink from Fairview Heights to Clayton multiple times per week in the early a.m. I can count on one hand the number of times a “security” guard has checked for tickets, passes or transfers in the past year. There’s a deceiving article and photos in the News-Democrat showing a “security” guard checking tickets. Sitting in the hut with the door closed seems to be their preferred location to provide “security.” Billionaires for guv I wonder how the smiling who’s who of St. Clair County Democrats pictured at their endorsement of a Chicago billionaire for governor are going to square that action with the local voters. Local Democratic voters regularly sound off on their hatred of Bruce Rauner because he’s a rich billionaire. They’re going to have to hate this guy, too, if they’re going to be consistent. Wigginton knew? Alderman Roger Wigginton stated in a letter to the BND that he was in constant contact with the Kellers regarding the Hofbrauhaus. It makes you wonder how long he’s known that they were having financial problems? ERA is distraction Our legislature will do anything to avoid dealing with real problems. Instead of worrying about the budget, loss of jobs and pension funding, we’re dealing with the equal rights amendment. Talk about dealing with ancient history. Don’t they have more important issues before them? List of losses I’ve been keeping track of the losses that we’ve had with the current city and county administration in the last 10 years. It’s a long list. We lost the Belleville school, Meredith home, money on MidAmerica Airport, the old Walmart, the congressional office for our district and the land by the Engler’s house. We’re stuck with the Hofbrauhaus and a bridge over Illinois 15 that will never be finished. We lost the flea market, most of west Belleville, the Westhaven pool. What did we get for all that? The Edge, maybe? Was it worth it? More for TIF 3? I live in Belleville’s TIF 3 district. My property taxes were frozen at a certain point in time and everything after that was incorporated into a TIF 3 account. Maybe the BND should investigate as to how the new 4 percent tax increase is going to effect my property taxes. Is all of it going to go into TIF 3? We need to know what’s going to happen to the money. Clear fire exits I read the Answer Man’s article on why one door remains locked in the exits to businesses. He makes a valid point about it slowing down a thief. However, it is a violation of the health and safety code for fire exits. The fire department doesn’t enforce it like sales displays blocking the center of aisles. The exits were all designed to be a certain size and they should be unimpeded. The fire department should do their job. Trump gets an A After President Trump’s first 100 days, I give him a grade of A. He’s spent most of his time undoing Obama’s socialist policies, giving the people back our freedom and security. Besides that, he’s been doing things to make us great again. More green from Blues About the benefit for the flood victims that the Blues sponsored, they made it seem like they were giving money on their own. None of the donations came out of the Blues’ pockets. It was their fans who did that. In their 50/50 drawing, 100 percent of that money should have gone to the victims. Or maybe they could have taken a dollar out of each of the ticket sales. Or a dollar off of the $9 cups of beer. The Blues’ only donated a few items that were auctioned off. They should have donated some money, too. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 12 hours ago Neighbor talks about man found dead on Union Street in Alton 1:36 12 hours ago Neighbor talks about man found dead on Union Street in Alton 0:38 13 hours ago Police investigate the discovery of man found dead in street 1:15 a day ago The new St. Clair County Event Center is open View More Video Letters to the Editor Proud to be working for our American heroes Why Hillary Clinton lost the election Don’t reprint their garbage He can hardly expect respect after ‘dirtgate’ French election demonstrates maturity, intelligence Letters to the Editor Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 15-19, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ROUTE 610 AND ONVILLE ROAD INTERSECTION IMPROVEMENT NOW OPEN IN STAFFORD COUNTY – Project built additional turn lanes and pedestrian crossings Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 Search Recent Posts CAIR-MN Welcomes Conviction in Islamophobic Shooting of Somali-American Muslims New Zealand’s Maori culture takes centre stage at MEETINGS Boustead Securities Client ADOMANI Announces Initial Closing of its Regulation A+ Offering; Meets NASDAQ Capital Raise Requirement Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Saturday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Saturday and 6 a.m. Sunday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while the beams on the Berkmar Drive bridge are painted. The canoe/kayak put-in on the southwest corner of the intersection will be accessible during practice runs for the Rivanna River Regatta. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW FACILITATOR AT HYDRAULIC PANEL MEETING THURSDAY – Craig Eddy replaces Philip Shucet as facilitator for Route 29 Solutions advisory panels Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts CAIR-MN Welcomes Conviction in Islamophobic Shooting of Somali-American Muslims New Zealand’s Maori culture takes centre stage at MEETINGS Boustead Securities Client ADOMANI Announces Initial Closing of its Regulation A+ Offering; Meets NASDAQ Capital Raise Requirement Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Thursday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW FACILITATOR AT HYDRAULIC PANEL MEETING THURSDAY – Craig Eddy replaces Philip Shucet as facilitator for Route 29 Solutions advisory panels Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts CAIR-MN Welcomes Conviction in Islamophobic Shooting of Somali-American Muslims New Zealand’s Maori culture takes centre stage at MEETINGS Boustead Securities Client ADOMANI Announces Initial Closing of its Regulation A+ Offering; Meets NASDAQ Capital Raise Requirement Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 15, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Rapper arrested after Arkansas concert By Maggie McNeary This article was published May 14, 2017 at 3:23 p.m. Comments (2) aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. The rapper known as Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night after a concert in Arkansas, police said. Scott, whose real name is Jacques Webster, faces charges of inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor, according to a Facebook post by the Rogers Police Department. Police said on Facebook that Webster “encouraged people to rush the stage” during his show at the Walmart AMP in Rogers. Multiple people were injured in the rush, including a concert security employee and a police officer, authorities said. The injured people were treated at the scene, police said. Webster was taken to the Benton County jail after the performance, according to the Facebook post. Webster was not listed as an inmate at the jail Sunday afternoon. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Salt shaker! Torch-wielding group protests Confederate sta... Rapper arrested after Arkansas concert Man and woman found dead in southwestern Arka... Graduate, 14, youngest ever at Texas Christia... 2 small earthquakes in Oklahoma bring to doze... Plan to curb panhandling takes people from be... Arkansas officer resigns after arrest on assa... Missouri targets doctor dearth, expands first... Comments on: Rapper arrested after Arkansas concert To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 2 of 2 total comments LRDawg says... May 14, 2017 at 5:04 p.m. Really? I hope no other performers go up there....Travis Scott should have done his research on that part of the country ( permalink | suggest removal ) Kharma says... May 14, 2017 at 8:42 p.m. Blessedly, if there is such a thing, NW Arkansas is far less gangsta-like than central Arkansas. Good job law enforcement​! ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Thankful for the chance to celebrate Mom (1 comment) Little Rock plan seeks to limit feeding poor in parks (15 comments) Let's not be suckers (14 comments) Trump lawyers describe Russia income (18 comments) Arkansas school district asks to be declared desegregated (6 comments) Teen killed, 6 people injured in Arkansas shooting; suspects sought (6 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart, Cisco and More Earnings Coming This Week By Chris Lange May 14, 2017 10:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of a few major companies scheduled to report their quarterly results this coming week. The broad markets have pulled back a little from their all-time highs, with the exception of the Nasdaq. A strong earnings showing from these stocks could help to push the markets back to their highs. Notably, a couple of Dow stocks are reporting this week. We have included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters, as well as the stock price and trading history. Be advised that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies change earnings dates as well. Home Depot Inc.’s (NYSE: HD) latest quarterly earnings report is expected on Tuesday. The consensus estimates are calling for a $1.61 in earnings per share (EPS) and $23.72 billion in revenue. Shares closed trading most recently at $156.92, in a 52-week range of $119.20 to $158.15. The consensus price target is $160.29. Cisco Systems Inc. (NYSE: CSCO) fiscal third-quarter results are scheduled for Wednesday. The consensus earnings estimate is $0.58 per share, on $11.9 billion in revenue. The shares were last seen at $33.45. The consensus price target is $35.84, and the 52-week trading range is $26.46 to $34.60. Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT) is set to release its most recent quarterly results Wednesday. The consensus forecast calls for $0.91 in EPS and $15.62 billion in revenue. Shares ended the week at $55.80. The consensus price target is $59.43, and the 52-week range is $52.72 to $79.33. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (NYSE: BABA) will report its most recent quarterly results on Thursday. The consensus estimates call for $0.66 in EPS and $5.2 billion in revenue. Shares closed trading at $120.34 on Friday, in a 52-week range of $73.30 to $120.50. The consensus price target is $130.28. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) fiscal first-quarter results also are scheduled for Thursday. The consensus forecast is $0.96 in EPS and $117.77 billion in revenue. Shares were last seen at $75.71. The 52-week range is $62.72 to $77.05, with a consensus analyst price target of $74.90. Deere & Co. (NYSE: DE) will share its latest quarterly earnings on Friday. The consensus estimates are $1.65 in EPS and $7.33 billion in revenue. Shares were trading most recently at $113.11, in a 52-week range of $76.73 to $114.17. The consensus price target is $109.95. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Insider Buying Soars as Q1 Earnings Wind Up: Tempur Sealy, Apollo Global, Revlon, Kite Pharma and More Read more: Investing, Earnings, BABA, Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), Deere & Company (NYSE:DE), Home Depot (NYSE:HD), Target (NYSE:TGT), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The World's 31 Mega-Cities Counties Where the American Dream Is Dead America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Counties That Voted Most Heavily for Trump in Every State Recent Wal-Mart, Cisco and More Earnings Coming This Week Insider Buying Soars as Q1 Earnings Wind Up: Tempur Sealy, Apollo Global, Revlon, Kite Pharma and More IPOs This Week: Chinese Education Firm Bright Scholar Aims for $135 Million “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” About To Become Second Most Successful Movie of 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Should I Ditch My Old Secured Credit Card? Read This Before You Retire Big Tech Earnings: Digging Through Apple and Facebook's Results Trump: 'In America we don't worship government; we worship God' Liberty Univ. founded in 1971 by Jerry Falwell Trump delivering commencement address at Liberty University in Virginia Retail Spoils New Highs The S&P Will Double Within the Next 5 Years Snap Shares Climb 6% as Analyst Sentiment Remains Strong Lyft Partners With Waymo to Launch Self-Driving Car China's Xi appeals to foreign leaders for freer trade Toshiba reports massive loss for year over Westinghouse woes Most Moms Work, But More Of Them Aren't Joining The Workforce Family Says They Were Booted Off A JetBlue Flight Because Of A Cake Controversial California Water Project Has New Life In Trump Era Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News 23-year-old man found inside car dies from gunshot wound Business The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Expect sunshine, temps in the 80s for Mother's Day Sponsor Weather Triangle residents clean up downed trees, crushed roofs after strong storms DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Our Take Most Outstanding Sons: Athletes surprise, celebrate mom for Mother's Day Campbell Former Camel Danny Dillon continues to pursue NFL dream Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Brownlow's zany off-season Twitter mailbag goes to 11 Wilmington puts best sandals forward, makes imprint on PGA players, fans On Twitter: UK lands Knox, Cal celebrates on hoverboard WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business New York eyes 'textalyzer' to combat distracted driving Business Oil pipeline opponents try going after the money Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Hog wild over the override Editorial: Senate's low expectations budget fails state's needs Editorial: Van der Vaart needs to leave agency he tried to dismantle Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Mother's Day Freebies and Deals 2017 Business More price hikes likely for government insurance markets Business How to invest without sacrificing your values 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Outdoors Raleigh & Co.'s Triangle Guide to Parks and Trails Go Ask Mom Thank you, Moms Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Melissa McCarthy adds spice (and Spicer) as host of 'SNL' Out and About 'Future' brings rap, energy to Raleigh stage Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Pets May 14 Entertainment Franchesca Tennille Harper Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 61° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 61° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 2 NC counties are under alert, including Johnston County. Details Published: 2017-05-14 14:29:00 Updated: 2017-05-14 14:29:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper New Savingstar offers: Whole Fruit, Azteca, Dixie Tags: Coupons, Online coupons, Deals, Grocery deals Posted 2:29 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/184pj Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this SavingStar website SavingStar has a number of new cash back offers today including Whole Fruit frozen popsicles, Azteca tortillas, Persil, Dixie Plates, Maybelline lip and more! And, get .25 off on lettuce through 5/15/17. You'll find new offers for: Save $1.00 when you buy any ONE (1) Whole Fruit® Organic Tubes Product Save 50¢ When you buy ONE (1) Azteca® tortilla, salad shell or chips Save 50¢ when you buy ONE (1) 17 oz. jar of Musselman's® Apple Butter. Save 75¢ when you buy ONE (1) 28 oz. jar of Musselman's® Apple Butter. Save $1.00 on ONE (1) Persil® ProClean® Laundry Detergent (excludes trial/travel sizes) Save $1.00 on any TWO (2) packages of Dixie® Plates (any size) Save $2.00 ON ANY ONE (1) GARNIER® NUTRISSE® Save $2.00 on ANY ONE (1) Color Sensational® Lip Product or ANY MAYBELLINE® NEW YORK Lip Product (Excludes Baby Lips) Save $10.00 on ANY ONE (1) Nicorette® mini Lozenge 81ct, Nicorette® Gum 100ct or larger or NicoDerm® CQ® 14ct or larger Save $5.00 on ONE (1) XYZAL® Allergy 24HR 35ct or Larger Head to SavingStar.com to load the offers to your account and then check back every Tuesday for a new healthy produce offer. Remember, the discount does not come off at the register. Read the details below about how this cash back program works. New to SavingStar? Here is how it works: SavingStar.com is a cash back coupon site. You don't print out a coupon to redeem at the register. You enter your store reward card numbers on the SavingStar.com website, then load digital coupons to your reward cards and buy the participating products at any of the participating stores. There are 2 types of redemption methods, depending on the store. 1. With CVS, Rite Aid, Harris Teeter, Lowes Foods & Food Lion, the redemption is automatic. Once you load the cash back offers to your account and buy the products, no additional action is required on your part to get the cash back in to your SavingStar account. The coupon savings are added to your SavingStar account a couple weeks after your purchase. You will get an e-mail from Savingstar when they have added savings to your account. 2. With Kroger, Target, Walmart, Walgreens and Family Dollar, you will need to take an extra step after you buy the offers you have loaded on to your account. After purchase, you need to scan the product barcode and take a photo of the receipt through their app and submit it to get your cash back. Although this is an extra step, it doesn't really take much time at all. Once you have accrued $5 worth of savings in your SavingStar account, you can cash in the savings. You can choose to have the money deposited into your Paypal account or checking account or donate it to a non-profit organization. According to their website, new coupons will become available at the first of every month. Savings will usually show up in your account between 2 days and 2 weeks depending on how long it takes the stores to give SavingStar the information. These coupons will not double. They also have iPhone and Android apps available. You can sign up for the program and see more information at SavingStar.com. . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Local News Ritmo Latino 2017 Family Mother's Day 2017 Local News Police: In mixup, children served alcohol at Fayetteville Applebee's Entertainment Miss District of Columbia wins 2017 edition of Miss USA State News Police: Wife charged in death of NC serpentarium owner Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News NASCAR driver airlifted to hospital after fiery crash National News Woman finds dead murder suspect in her car trunk Outdoors Raleigh & Co.'s Triangle Guide to Parks and Trails Family Mother's Day 2017 Out and About 'Future' brings rap, energy to Raleigh stage SmartShopper Mother's Day Freebies and Deals 2017 Local News Ritmo Latino 2017 Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle Education Your photos: Class of 2017 Go Ask Mom Thank you, Moms: Celebrating all of us this Mother's Day Business AP Explains: What is ransomware? Out and About Foodie news: Durham coffee shop to open fourth location 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat SmartShopper Flower deals for Mother's Day Go Ask Mom Mother's Day: 6 things I don't want this year 5 On Your Side 5 On Your Side: Know the signs that could lead to a dog attack Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News Missing Chapel Hill teen found safe Political News Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Local News Durham native Loretta Lynch speaks at Duke Law graduation Local News NCCU grad: 'It's been a long journey' State News Burr: No evidence so far of Trump campaign-Russia collusion SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe Prize Pack SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Mother's Day Freebies and Deals 2017 SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Local News Ritmo Latino 2017 Family Mother's Day 2017 Local News Police: In mixup, children served alcohol at Fayetteville Applebee's Entertainment Miss District of Columbia wins 2017 edition of Miss USA State News Police: Wife charged in death of NC serpentarium owner Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News NASCAR driver airlifted to hospital after fiery crash National News Woman finds dead murder suspect in her car trunk Outdoors Raleigh & Co.'s Triangle Guide to Parks and Trails Family Mother's Day 2017 Out and About 'Future' brings rap, energy to Raleigh stage SmartShopper Mother's Day Freebies and Deals 2017 Local News Ritmo Latino 2017 Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle Education Your photos: Class of 2017 Go Ask Mom Thank you, Moms: Celebrating all of us this Mother's Day Business AP Explains: What is ransomware? Out and About Foodie news: Durham coffee shop to open fourth location 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat SmartShopper Flower deals for Mother's Day Go Ask Mom Mother's Day: 6 things I don't want this year 5 On Your Side 5 On Your Side: Know the signs that could lead to a dog attack Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News Missing Chapel Hill teen found safe Political News Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Local News Durham native Loretta Lynch speaks at Duke Law graduation Local News NCCU grad: 'It's been a long journey' State News Burr: No evidence so far of Trump campaign-Russia collusion SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe Prize Pack SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Mother's Day Freebies and Deals 2017 WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Travel Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Videos How a Family of 5 Eats for $200 a Week in Madison, Wisconsin Food Budget Diaries How a Family of 5 Eats for $200 a Week in Madison, Wisconsin Ariel Knutson May 14, 2017 Budget Life in the Kitchen People Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: GettyImages) Share Email Welcome to Kitchn's Food Budget Diaries series, where we show you how people around the country spend money on what they eat and drink. Each post will follow one person for one week and will chronicle everything that person consumed and how much it costs them. Name: Emily Location: Madison, Wisconsin Age: 36 Number of people in family: 5 (my husband, myself, and our kids, a 5-year-old, 3-year-old, and 10-month-old) Occupation: Stay-at-home mom; husband is a construction coordinator. Household income: $54,000 Weekly food budget: $200 a week (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) Day One: Saturday 6:30 a.m. Our kids wake up hungry. We're trying to get them in the habit of eating some fruit first thing. We're low on groceries, so this morning it's an apple and an orange, shared between all of us. The kids also each have a bowl of cereal with almond milk. Iris — who is 5 years old — has a peanut butter sandwich. Mark and I each have a cup of coffee, two fried eggs, and half an English muffin. Mark also has a bowl of cereal. 11:00 a.m. Mark heads to the grocery store with the 3- and 5-year-old to shop for the week, while I stay home with the baby for his nap. We shop almost exclusively at our local employee-owned, super-economical, no-frills grocery store. He's armed with a complete list made from my menu plan for the week. At the store, he gets a cookie for Iris and Canaan to share. Woodman's Market Green chilies: $1.58 Cannellini beans: $2.77 Garbanzo beans: $1.77 Tortilla chips: $2.37 Sea salt: $2.09 Black tea: $6.47 Kraft mac and cheese: $.99 Olive oil mayonnaise: $3.99 Cheerios: $3.00 Honey nut Cherrios: $2.50 Oatmeal: $2.29 2 boxes tiny toast cereal: $3.00 Popcorn: $4.69 Dinosaur chicken nuggets: $4.99 Chicken breast: $11.78 Green pepper: $1.50 Mangoes: $.89 Zucchini: $3.80 Broccoli: $4.80 Grape tomatoes: $1.29 Salad mix: $2.69 California figs: $2.99 Lettuce: $2.00 Cilantro: $.79 Sweet potatoes: $2.46 Pink lady apples: $3.87 Bananas: $1.59 Avocados: $2.89 Clementines: $4.00 Seedless cucumber: $.99 Blueberries: $2.99 Blackberries: $2.78 Strawberries: $2.00 Red pears: $3.64 Milk: $3.19 Almond milk: $2.99 Dozen eggs: $1.69 Tortillas: $2.69 Frozen pizza: $5.69 Frozen peas and carrots: $2.58 Frozen carrots: $1.39 Frozen corn: $2.39 Blue Bunny ice cream: $5.39 Pancake mix: $3.69 2 loaves of bread: $5.68 Baguette: $3.99 Cookie: $.46 Total Cost: $144.06 12:30 p.m. For lunch, our 10-month-old, Silas, eats a handful of peas and carrots from the freezer and some blackberries. Mark put a pot of beans in the oven early this morning, so we have baked beans with a baguette for lunch, with a salad of mixed greens including half of a cucumber and blackberries. Mark and I each have a second cup of coffee. 1:30 p.m. After lunch, I take a rare nap with the baby. While I'm resting, my in-laws stop by to say hello. They are foodies and love to share. They regularly bring us gifts of food, which is always appreciated. Today they bring the fixings for a meal, which we won't get to today, but will come in handy later in the week. 3:00 p.m. Mark and the kids head out to meet their cousins for swimming at the athletic club. I relax with a cup of tea and a small bowl of ice cream, my favorite indulgence. 6:00 p.m. At dinnertime, we all meet back up at my brother-in-law's family farm in the country for pizza. It's free for us. Day Two: Sunday 7:30 a.m. For breakfast this morning, we eat a pound of strawberries. The kids each have a bowl of cereal. Mark eats the remainder of last night's baguette with peanut butter. I have a half English muffin and three eggs. We each have coffee, and then it's a mad dash to get to church by 10 a.m. 12:00 p.m. When we get home from church it's already noon, and everyone is famished. Pasta is our default Sunday lunch, almost every week. This week, the pasta of choice is a bag of frozen ravioli, topped with Mark's homemade marinara from the freezer. We also serve the other half of that cucumber, two apples, and half a bag of salad mix. To keep everybody calm while that's cooking, we nosh on corn tortilla chips and dates. Mark and I each have a second cup of coffee. 3:00 p.m. We spend this Sunday afternoon just relaxing at home. The kids were up past bedtime and everyone needs a nap. This means videos for the kids while mom and dad pretend to be unconscious. And snacks — specifically popcorn. 6:00 p.m. On Sunday evenings, we don't cook. Instead, we scavenge whatever leftovers can be found from the previous week's meals. Sometimes we make popcorn and have smoothies. Tonight we fill tortillas with refried beans, leftover brown rice, and cheese. 8:00 p.m. And after the kids are finally in bed — you guessed it — ice cream all around. Blue Bunny is our favorite choice. Day Three: Monday 6:30 a.m. Breakfast on weekdays is haphazard and chaotic. Mark skips the coffee and drinks the free stuff at work. He downs a clementine and two slices of toast, and is out the door by 7:30 a.m. The kids and I eat our ration of fruit: two clementines (two bags for $4 this week!), a package of blackberries, and half an apple. We each have a bowl of cereal, and I also eat half an English muffin and drink a cup of coffee. 8:15 a.m. We're in the van to get Iris to kindergarten a few blocks away. This morning is rainy or we'd be walking. 10:30 a.m. After dropping Iris off, the boys and I spend the morning at home catching up on laundry and fort-building. I get hungry and have a small bowl of cereal with whole-milk yogurt, and a glass of homemade kombucha. I've been learning to make my own kombucha, and so far it's going really well. I've spent next to nothing using supplies I already had, and a scoby from a friend. The only cost is sugar and black tea, which I buy in bulk. It's pennies per cup. Get the recipe: How To Make Kombucha Tea at Home 11:30 a.m. At lunchtime I give in to my 3-year-old's demands for Star Wars macaroni and cheese. I spruce it up with a can of tuna and some frozen peas. I finish off some leftover curry that was in the fridge from Friday's dinner, and a leftover apple from breakfast. Mark took the container of baked beans from yesterday to work with him for his lunch. Our daughter's elementary school serves free lunch to all the students. Some days, when the meal is heavy on cheese, she takes a cold lunch. But today they're having French toast — her favorite! (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) 1:15 p.m. Before heading out the door to grab Iris, I make a peanut butter sandwich (the old standby — we eat a lot of peanut butter, have you noticed?) because I'm hungry. (Breastfeeding is brutal!) We stop at the library for an hour before coming home. 2:30 p.m. By the time we get back, the kids are ready for their afternoon snack. I cut up another apple and mix up a container of popcorn, Cheerios, Chex, and raisins. That should last the rest of the week. 5:30 p.m. I make a lot of one-pot meals and soups, especially during colder weather. And soup might be my all-time favorite food. For dinner tonight, I'm trying a recipe I found on Kitchn: white rotisserie chicken chili. Instead of rotisserie chicken, I use the not-as-good frozen breasts from my freezer. It's served with an avocado, tortilla chips, and a container of cherry tomatoes on the side. This is good soup, but next time I'll make it with good dark thigh meat. The kids didn't each much beside the chips and cherry tomatoes. But that's pretty typical for them. Silas loved the avocado! Get the recipe: White Rotisserie Chicken Chili 8:30 p.m. I'm afraid I'm in the bad habit of bedtime ice cream. Luckily, we don't buy it often. Better eat it quick and be done with it! (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) Day Four: Tuesday 7:00 a.m. Everyone oversleeps this morning due to thunderstorms last night. We're groggy and behind. Mark has two bowls of cereal and runs out to catch a meeting. (Yes, we also eat a lot of cereal. I would love to break this habit. But you can't beat the convenience.) The kids and I eat a pint of strawberries. Last night at Iris' request, I cooked up a batch of hard-boiled eggs, so she and Canaan each have one with a slice of peanut butter toast and a bowl of cereal. I usually don't even get a chance to sit at breakfast, so as usual I quickly down my coffee and half an English muffin before running off to school. 9:30 a.m. My scant breakfast catches up to me, so I have a hard-boiled egg and some homemade kombucha to keep me going. 11: 15 a.m. Canaan is in a hurry for lunch today, since he gets to spend the afternoon at Grandma's. He and I both have leftovers. We share an orange, and Silas has a pear. Today when he left, Mark grabbed a homemade burrito from the freezer, and an apple. 12:15 p.m. Shortly after noon, we get in the van and I drive Canaan the 15 minutes to Grandma's house, where he'll spend the afternoon. I'm sure Canaan eats numerous snacks. But what happens at Grandma's stays at Grandma's, right? I'm glad for the quiet, since I've been a little under the weather this week. The baby is asleep when we get home, so I put him in the bedroom, ignore the laundry (and dishes, and everything else), and hit the couch for some much-needed rest. I confess to eating a bowl of cereal at some point. (These are starting to add up.) (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) 2:30 p.m. Silas and I head out again to pick up Iris, then back to Grandma's. We spend some time catching up with her. The kids raid her candy bowl, as usual, and happily suck their Blow-Pops all the way home. By the time we get back, about 4:45, Mark is already home. He eats a few dried figs from the package in the cupboard. 5:30 p.m. Tonight I'm trying a vegetable pancake recipe I found on Kitchn. They come together pretty quickly. I serve it with salad mix from Costco and a sliced-up mango to share. The kids are impressed! I like the concept, but not sure I got the proportions of batter to vegetables right. I plan to tinker with this one and try it again another time. It's definitely a cheap meal. We are all full with plenty left over. Get the recipe: Savory Carrot & Zucchini Pancakes 8:00 p.m. After bedtime, Mark and I each have a bowl of cereal. I think we need to expand our horizons and try something different, huh? Day Five: Wednesday 6:30 a.m. The hard-boiled eggs for breakfast were a big hit. So they are immediately requested again this morning. Yay for protein! Along with toast, the kids also finish off a pint of blueberries, and each have a bowl of cereal. Mark eats two pieces of toast with peanut butter and his mom's awesome homemade strawberry jam. With my coffee, I eat a leftover vegetable pancake from last night's supper, a clementine the kids ignored, and an apple. I pack Iris' lunch bag this morning with half an apple and a sandwich. When we get back from dropping her off, Canaan eats the other half of the apple. The bag of Pink Lady's we bought on Saturday is disappearing quickly. (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) 9:45 a.m. On Wednesday mornings I take the boys to a Play and Learn program across town. So after cleaning up breakfast, I have a shower and we leave. I grab a second cup of coffee to go and half a peanut butter sandwich to hold me over. At Play and Learn, the children serve and cleanup a small snack. Today it's bananas and Goldfish crackers. 12:30 p.m. We get home late and I'm so hungry. I definitely need to eat better! I quickly fry up three eggs over-easy for myself. I also share a pear with Silas, and down the last of the Costco salad from my in-laws. It's so good, I'm planning to make a homemade version myself. Today Canaan gets a sandwich and a pickle before running outside to play in the sunshine. It's cold so that doesn't last long. When we gets back in, he wants a banana. 2:30 p.m. After-school snack is the popcorn mix I put together yesterday and a shared apple. I have a bowl of popcorn myself. 5:00 p.m. We eat a little early on Wednesdays since it's a church night. I planned for goulash, but didn't check to make sure I had all the right ingredients. So I end up improvising a little and add a can of pizza sauce instead of tomato sauce. I don't remember where my goulash recipe came from, but it's very simple. The kid's announce tonight, "This is my favorite meal!" So that's encouraging. I have at least one meal with ground beef every week. Can't live without it! Served with a side of steamed broccoli. (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) 8:00 p.m. After bedtime, in order to avoid typing the words "I had a bowl of cereal," I melt cheese in a tortilla and roll it up. Day Six: Thursday 6:30 a.m. With the week winding down, we get progressively less creative with our eating. This morning it's cold, so the kids each have a bowl of instant oatmeal (steel-cut) with a dollop of Grandma's jam and a banana. Mark eats a bowl of cereal and a clementine. I have peanut butter toast and cereal with my coffee. With nothing pressing on the agenda today, the boys and I spend the morning at home. I bottle a batch of kombucha and brew tea to start the next batch. 11:30 a.m. For lunch I make Canaan dinosaur chicken nuggets and carrots, shared by Silas. Leftover goulash for me. Mark's lunch was a frozen burrito and a clementine. 2:30 p.m. After lunch, the sun is shining, so we walk to the neighborhood park to play for awhile. When we get back, Canaan eats an apple, and it's naptime. I snack on tortilla chips with cheese. After picking up Iris this afternoon, the kids finish off the container of snack mix and each have a banana. 6:00 p.m. For dinner tonight we're having one of my most reliable standbys: salmon patties. I stretch the can of salmon with a can of tuna, and serve with brown rice and a bag of frozen peas and carrots because I'm running behind. Mark is helping a family friend move tonight and isn't home for dinner. He has pizza with the friend. So we have more leftovers than usual, which will stretch this meal out a little further. Day Seven: Friday 6:30 a.m. It's Friday, and we are low on everything. So breakfast this morning consists of clementines, cereal, toast, and eggs for everyone. 8:30 a.m. After dropping off Iris, we get the morning chores done and head off to Walmart. It often happens that at the end of the week I find a hole in my meal plan, and I need to pick up a few things. With two small children in tow, Walmart is the solution. I can get several errands done in one stop. When we reach the check-out aisle, I let Canaan grab a Kit-Kat from the candy stand as a special treat to share. I buy coffee, ground beef, almond milk, eggs, some fruit, and a few other things to hold us over until I manage a larger shopping trip. Walmart Coffee: $5.44 Ground beef: $3.98 Almond milk: $2.97 Eggs: $2.57 Cheese: $4.97 Mango spears: $4.78 Blueberries: $3.56 Kit-Kat bar: $.78 Total Cost: $29.05 11:30 a.m. For lunch Canaan and I both have leftovers. Canaan also eats the last pickle from the jar. At work, Mark has a frozen burrito and two clementines. 3:00 p.m. It's an uneventful afternoon at home. We're all looking forward to the weekend. After picking up Iris from school, a snack is the first thing on the to-do list. Today, I scavenge some graham crackers from the pantry and the kids finish off the clementines. I'm partial to popcorn. When Mark gets home from work, he eats a handful of figs. 5:30 p.m. Tonight, I'm falling back on my most reliable meal. The one that everybody likes, is effortless, relatively healthy, and can be thrown together in 30 minutes flat. That's the holy grail of dinner, you guys: taco night! I stretch the pound of ground beef with a can of black beans, and use my homemade taco seasoning mix. 9:00 p.m. Bedtime snacks: I nosh on tortilla chips, and Mark has cereal. (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) (Image credit: Susanna Hopler) 1. How did you set your food budget? We determined our current food budget through trial and error. Right now, our monthly budget is $700. Basically, we kept cutting it until we got to the point that we were going over budget because it was too low. We adjusted until it was just right. Sometimes we do blow it. But our goal for a week is to stay under $200, which as you can see, we had no trouble doing during the week I did for this diary. Other weeks are not so easy — especially if we decide spontaneously to have family over for a meal, or eat with friends after church. We use the You Need a Budget software, which we love. It fits perfectly with our personal budgeting goals and philosophy. 2. What are the kitchen ingredients you can't live without? These are the kitchen ingredients I can't live without — every one of these is essential! Coconut oil (my favorite cooking oil) Canned diced tomatoes Beans of all kinds Rice (mostly brown) Ground beef Frozen chicken breasts Eggs Dried pasta Frozen vegetables (peas, corn, edamame) Taco seasoning Peanut butter Tortillas Minced garlic Tube of ginger paste Shredded cheese 3. What's the budget recipe you always rely on? Besides the tacos I mentioned in my diary, another budget recipe I rely on is Sloppy Joe Sweet Potatoes. It's essentially cubed sweet potatoes with sloppy joe mix. It's gluten-free and can be easily stretched to accommodate as many people as you've got. Add a salad and you're golden. We've served this with great success to a crowd. At Kitchn we believe setting a food budget for you and your family is an essential part in getting your financial life in order. Don't know where to start? We have a guide for that. Want to share your food budget diary with Kitchn? See how here. More posts in Food Budget Diaries How One Woman Eats for $90 a Week in New York City You are on the last post of the series. Share Email Up Next More from Kitchn Gather This Last-Minute Mother's Day Brunch Menu Will Save You Start Sunday morning and you can still kill it. Everyday Cooking The Classic Roman Pasta That’s Better than Cacio e Pepe As much as I enjoy cacio e pepe, I haven't jumped on the bandwagon because my heart belongs to another classic Roman pasta. And no, it's not carbonara. Everyday Cooking 6 Easy Wine & Snack Pairings That Cost $20 — Total! And it's one that involves both great snacks and great wine. Travel The Only Thing That Really Matters When Buying Bourbon What on earth is a Bottled-in-Bond, Single-Barrel, 10-Year Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey, anyway? How To How to Make Jello Jigglers Out of Any Juice at All Serve layered juicy, fruity squares of flair for your next book club, cocktail party, or even a playdate. Living The Wedding Registry Gifts We Still Use 10 Years Later (and… It's been almost 11 years now, and over the past decade we've put our registry list to the test. Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2017 Apartment Therapy, LLC. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News Mon, May 15, 2017 | 16:00 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Trend Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English Light industries Coupang vies to follow in footsteps of Amazon Posted : 2017-05-14 17:10 Updated : 2017-05-14 18:03 By Jhoo Dong-chan Korea's e-commerce company Coupang has been the center of concern for its excessive investment in logistics and delivery systems. Despite posting nearly 2 trillion won ($1.7 billion) in sales last year, the company had a 560 billion won operating loss. Some questioned the sustainability of Coupang's profit model, claiming the company will face trouble in a couple of years. However, a Coupang official said the operating loss was "planned and anticipated" as it came from the company's massive investment in establishing differentiated logistics and delivery systems to meet customers' future demands. "Coupang's investments are similar to those of Amazon," the official said. "The company understands it is a challenge. But we aim at providing a whole new experience for our customers. Achieving easy goals and settling for the status quo are not what we are looking for." Amazon also suffered an astronomical amount of losses after it decided to become more than just a fashionable online bookseller. In 1996, it posted an operating loss of $5.7 million on sales of $200 million. Amazon's operating loss peaked in 2000 at $1.4 billion on sales of $2.8 billion. Its stock price, which had once marked $100, plunged to $6 along with the dot-com bubble burst. Back then, a number of Wall Street analysts came up with a dismal outlook for its future. Lehman Brothers top analyst Ravi Suria said in June 2000 that Amazon would be bankrupt within a year due to its deteriorating credit situation. The U.S.-based independent technology and market researcher Forrester Research said that the company's business-to-customer model would soon die out. Amazon's visionary founder Jeff Bezos, however, wanted his company to provide limitless customer satisfaction based on delivery convenience at disruptively low prices to become the so-called "everything store." He continued investing in better delivery networks and generated an operating profit for the first time in 2002. Amazon's market value approached $300 billion last year, beating Walmart and topping the U.S. distribution industry. Coupang CEO Bom Kim believes his company can take a similar route. "Most of last year's operating loss can be attributed to the company's investment in its signature Rocket delivery system and the construction of distribution centers," Kim said. "If we stop investing, Coupang may turn a profit. But we should keep moving forward." Coupang completed its distribution centers on a gross floor area of 730,000 square meters across the country last year. It has also completed nationwide delivery coverage with Rocket covering 85 percent of the country. Coupang's ambitious investment in its delivery and distribution center system has been highly acclaimed abroad. According to U.S.-based technology magazine MIT Technology Review, Coupang was one of the world's 50 smartest companies last June. It was the only Korean company to make to the list. U.S.-based biweekly magazine Forbes also chose Kim as one of the world's 30 global game changers for his restless pursuit of innovation, leading Coupang into new ventures just like Jeff Bezos of Amazon and transforming online retail with his ambition to offer a differentiated customer experience. Japanese multinational telecommunication company Softbank founder Masayoshi Son also invested $1 billion in Coupang in 2015, praising it as Korea's No. 1 e-commerce company. He said it is one of very few Korean companies that drew his attention with its rapid growth over the past few years. Son is famous for his animal spirit of pinpointing potential-loaded startups with one of the most outstanding examples being Alibaba, China's top-tier technology company. Kim said Coupang will continue its venture investment to introduce better customer experiences. "Coupang's challenge is still an ongoing operation, and the company will continue putting its efforts on innovate the customer experience," Kim said. "One day, Korean people will ask how they lived without Coupang." jhoo@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter North Korea fires ballistic missile Four Korean firms hit by ransomware attack UN calls for Seoul-Tokyo 'comfort women' deal to be revised Bone fragments of missing student found in Sewol ferry China calls for 'restraint' after N. Korea missile test Former K-pop singer jailed for illegal gambling, investigation disruption Two Korean companies hit by worldwide 'ransomware' attack Pyongyang will talk with Trump under right conditions: N.Korean diplomat Moon condemns missile launch; dialogue 'possible only when N. Korea changes attitude' First lady in spotlight for caring image First day Last day as governor Last day as PM Minor contender's appeal Korea Defense Veterans Association Cooling off Race to presidency Getting campaign ready Marine Corps change of command Foal Eagle exercise Park's impeachment About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
SUNDAY EDITION | Louisville hit by retail blues, but bright spot - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Derby 2017 Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford Derby 2017 U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Western Middle School Hardsteppers Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau SUNDAY EDITION | Louisville hit by retail blues, but bright spots remain Posted: Friday, May 12, 2017 11:52 AM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 14, 2017 10:28 PM EDT By Marcus Green BioEmail Connect Biography mgreen@wdrb.com Follow @MarcusGreenWDRB LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) – Ralph London is telling the truth when he explains what he does for a living. “I’m a trucker,” he deadpans. His lime-green truck is filled with sundresses, women’s tops and skirts. He has been driving the Betty Jeffries Mobile Boutique for about three years, selling clothes inspired by his late mother and company namesake. After a career in traditional retail, London now has the flexibility to set up at festivals, flea markets and home parties at a time when other retailers are locked into brick-and-mortar locations, battling the rise of online shopping or closing stores altogether. “I just wanted to create a different experience, a different shopping experience and really kind of get my brand out there to where the people were,” he said. In the Louisville area and across the U.S., the retail industry is in the midst of a transformation brought on by the rise of e-commerce. The financial services company Credit Suisse said last month that due to an “unprecedented change in consumer shopping behavior,” online buying could double in the next five to 10 years, climbing to as much as 40 percent of all sales. Meanwhile, analysts predict 8,640 physical stores could close across the country this year – the most dating back to 2000 and even more than those that shuttered during the financial crisis of 2008. Already this year, Macy’s, Kmart and Rue 21 are among the retailers that have declared plans to close stores in Louisville. Those and other closings could have big implications for local employment, as retail accounts for about 10 percent of jobs in the 13-county Louisville-Southern Indiana metro area. The tectonic shift in retail has yet to show up in government employment statistics covering the local region, which had about 67,000 retail jobs in 2016. In fact, the 14,000 jobs at local department, home centers and other general merchandise stores last year were the most in at least a decade, and retailers were on pace to add more positions this year, according to federal data for the first three months of 2017. But it can take a year for the job losses from the store closings announced this year to show up in employment data, said Manoj Shanker, a former economist for the Kentucky Office of Employment Training. Employees oftentimes stay on payrolls for going-out-of-business sales and other tasks. “They don’t shut down immediately,” said Shanker, now principal of the Meench & Shanker consulting firm in Frankfort. “They have to go through a whole process. It takes a while.” He is bracing for a decline in retail jobs as the stores close. But with a relatively low unemployment rate of about 5 percent in Kentucky, those workers making $10 to $15 an hour should be able to find other jobs, he said. “It’s much easier for people to switch to something else,” he said. “It’s not like eastern Kentucky, where coal miners were getting $50 an hour and suddenly they’re forced with the reality that with a high school education, you can only find something for $10 an hour.” While some retailers have struggled, outlet malls have surged as sales reportedly have doubled to nearly $50 billion in the last five years. The sprawling Outlet Shoppes of the Bluegrass, which opened in 2014 along Interstate 64 in Simpsonville, has nearly 100 retailers with “a small amount of open vacancy” among its 300,000 square feet, marketing director Amy Duke said. Most of those vacant spaces are expected to be leased this fall, she said. “We’re a destination. That’s what sets us apart from your traditional, sort of regional mall. We encourage our shoppers to come out and spend the day with us,” she said. “We have a great mix of stores that gives you that fashion at a value price range, and I think everyone these days is looking for ways to save extra dollars.” In Louisville, nearly 99 percent of retail space at Mall St. Matthews was leased, while 96 percent of space at Oxmoor was rented. As e-commerce has hobbled some retailers, it’s also fueled the growth of companies such as Amazon that ship and deliver products bought online. In 2013, Amazon opened a fulfillment center at the River Ridge Commerce Center in Clark County, Ind.  Amazon originally thought it would create up to 1,050 jobs there, but the company now has more than 2,500 workers at River Ridge. It has more than 12,000 employees in Kentucky, including at warehouses in Shepherdsville south of Louisville, and 9,000 full-time employees in Indiana. The metro area has seen steady growth in “transportation, warehousing and utilities,” the sector that includes jobs at facilities like Amazon’s. The sector had nearly 50,000 positions last year, an increase of roughly 7,000 over five years, according to figures from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The rise of online shopping is the latest “structural shift” to the retail industry, following on the heels of big-box stores such as Walmart, Barnes and Noble and other large companies that helped usher small, locally-owned stores out of business, said Reed Weinberg, president of the PRG Commercial Property Advisors real estate brokerage. “We were overbuilt in retail in general since the 80's and 90's--too many stores built,” he said. “That, combined with the rise of e-commerce is kind of the perfect storm.” That storm is making landfall in malls and shopping centers, where large anchor tenants and smaller retailers alike are pulling up stakes and leaving space vacant. In Louisville, Macy’s is shutting down its Outer Loop store at Jefferson Mall as part of a broader strategy that focuses on fewer stores and better customer service that comes as the company saw a five percent drop in sales during the first quarter. In all, Macy’s has said it plans to close 100 stores in the U.S. The Macy’s at Oxmoor remains open. A spokeswoman declined to say how many employees at Jefferson Mall will lose their jobs, and whether any of those workers have been offered or accepted positions at the St. Matthews store. The Jefferson Mall store won’t stay vacant. CBL & Associates of Chattanooga has agreed to buy the store and lease it for another use. “That’s what you’re seeing at malls across the country where large big-box users are vacating, and I think mall owners are trying to think creatively outside the box to replace it with other users,” Weinberg said. In some cases, the vacancies aren’t limited to a store here or there. The departure of the ailing retailer Kmart from the Louisville area has left neighborhoods with vast abandoned parking lots and empty buildings known as “greyfields.” Kmart closed its last store in the area this year. There are now vacant buildings on Poplar Level Road, Outer Loop and Taylorsville Road representing hundreds of thousands of empty square footage.  “The good news is we don’t have a lot of large boxes like this on the market,” said Justin Baker, principal broker and partner at TRIO Commercial Property Group, which has been involved in deals involving the former Kmarts. He said TRIO represented Kroger, which built a store on a former Kmart site on Dixie Highway, and a company that bought a former Kmart in New Albany and plans to renovate it. In many cases, the Kmarts were neighborhood fixtures for decades. With new uses now possible, “it’s like a breath of new life in these shopping centers,” Baker said. The ARC Cos. bought the former Kmart on Grant Line Road in New Albany, Ind., and is negotiating with tenants that would use the 91,000 square-foot building once it’s subdivided, said Alan Muncy, the company’s president. He expects renovations will start in the next three months. Muncy said the site has a “ton of potential” because of its proximity to interstate highways and traffic on Grant Line Road. “What we try to do is look for those large properties that maybe someone else doesn’t know what to do with -- or drives by every day and they’ve kind of forgotten about -- and we actually see the potential to take that building and redevelop it,” he said. Copyright 2017 WDRB Media. All rights reserved.  Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Stories By Marcus GreenMore>> SUNDAY EDITION | Louisville hit by retail blues, but bright spots remain SUNDAY EDITION | Louisville hit by retail blues, but bright spots remain Updated: Sunday, May 14 2017 10:28 PM EDT2017-05-15 02:28:58 GMT In the Louisville area and across the U.S., the retail industry is in the midst of a transformation brought on by the rise of e-commerce. Some analysts predict more than 8,000 physical stores could close this year.More >> In the Louisville area and across the U.S., the retail industry is in the midst of a transformation brought on by the rise of e-commerce. Some analysts predict more than 8,000 physical stores could close this year.More >> Photo appears to show Ky. Secretary of State traveling 100 mph to Kentucky Derby in police car Photo appears to show Ky. Secretary of State traveling 100 mph to Kentucky Derby in police car Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 12:43 PM EDT2017-05-09 16:43:15 GMT Secretary of State Alison Grimes was transported by Kentucky State Police on Derby Day, her office confirmed. State police are investigating the photo, which Grimes posted on Twitter. More >> Secretary of State Alison Grimes was transported by Kentucky State Police on Derby Day, her office confirmed. State police are investigating the photo, which Grimes posted on Twitter.More >> In the infield, a more expensive Kentucky Derby meets with shrugs In the infield, a more expensive Kentucky Derby meets with shrugs Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 3:52 PM EDT2017-05-06 19:52:26 GMT The cost of a general admission ticket was $80 for the Kentucky Derby, up from $60 last year. More >> The cost of a general admission ticket was $80 for the Kentucky Derby, up from $60 last year.More >> Attorneys spar over privacy request for man suing city, police over sex abuse claims Attorneys spar over privacy request for man suing city, police over sex abuse claims Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 4:08 PM EDT2017-05-03 20:08:47 GMT A judge plans to rule May 15 whether to allow the man to remain anonymous. She also is considering whether to delay the civil lawsuit while a criminal case proceeds and even dismiss the suit, which attorneys for the former officers accused of abuse say was filed after Kentucky’s one-year statute of limitations expired.More >> A judge plans to rule May 15 whether to allow the man to remain anonymous. She also is considering whether to delay the civil lawsuit while a criminal case proceeds and even dismiss the suit, which attorneys for the former officers accused of abuse say was filed after Kentucky’s one-year statute of limitations expired.More >> Despite new bridges, traffic crossing Ohio River yet to return to pre-construction levels Despite new bridges, traffic crossing Ohio River yet to return to pre-construction levels Updated: Tuesday, May 2 2017 5:44 PM EDT2017-05-02 21:44:38 GMT Kentucky and Indiana spent $2.3 billion to build two new Ohio River bridges. But despite those investments, there are fewer vehicles crossing the Ohio River than before construction began. More >> Kentucky and Indiana spent $2.3 billion to build two new Ohio River bridges. But despite those investments, there are fewer vehicles crossing the Ohio River than before construction began.More >> Louisville Mayor's budget funds police positions, combats addiction Louisville Mayor's budget funds police positions, combats addiction Updated: Thursday, April 27 2017 4:57 PM EDT2017-04-27 20:57:32 GMT In unveiling his first spending plan since Louisville ended 2016 with a record number of homicides, Fischer said public safety is his 'top priority.' More >> In unveiling his first spending plan since Louisville ended 2016 with a record number of homicides, Fischer said public safety is his 'top priority.'More >> Braidy Industries plans aluminum mill, 550 jobs in northeastern Kentucky Braidy Industries plans aluminum mill, 550 jobs in northeastern Kentucky Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 7:11 PM EDT2017-04-26 23:11:32 GMT A Delaware-based metals company plans a $1.3 billion aluminum mill in northeastern Kentucky that would employ hundreds of workers and supply the automotive and aerospace industries.More >> A Delaware-based metals company plans a $1.3 billion aluminum mill in northeastern Kentucky that would employ hundreds of workers and supply the automotive and aerospace industries.More >> RiverLink says call wait times down sharply RiverLink says call wait times down sharply Updated: Tuesday, April 25 2017 3:33 PM EDT2017-04-25 19:33:52 GMT It now takes an average of about 10 minutes to reach a call center representative, down from 64 minutes during the first month of tolling in January, a spokeswoman says. More >> It now takes an average of about 10 minutes to reach a call center representative, down from 64 minutes during the first month of tolling in January, a spokeswoman says.More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 15, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Behold the demand revolution Measuring the cloud’s clout By MARK P. MILLS RealClearEnergy This article was published May 14, 2017 at 2:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY JOHN DEERING Arkansas Democrat-Gazette demand illustration. Everything begins with demand. There would be no need to solve the challenges associated with energy supply but for the fact that everything humans invent, build and do demands energy. Silicon Valley claims to be revolutionizing energy demand by making homes, buildings, cars, washers, refrigerators, motors, tools, toothbrushes, pretty much everything, smarter. Is silicon intelligence combined with the Internet of Things (IoT) ushering in an era of peak energy demand? The IoT is a big deal, but it's not a demand revolution. And Tesla? Its storied stock has vaulted the company's market value past Ford, although the latter sells 60 times as many cars and actually makes a profit ($10 billion last year) while Tesla burned a nearly $700 million hole in its balance sheet. The Tesla is an impressive car, but it's not creating a demand revolution. All things equal, physics dictates the same energy per mile whether burning a battery's electrons or barrels of oil. Where's the revolution then? While predictable, it's not revolutionary when more people and wealth drive up energy demand. Real demand revolutions happen with the invention of something like the internal combustion engine or an airplane. Such inventions create new fuel demand that had never previously existed. Virtually every class of product or machine in widespread use today was invented before World War II. The lone exception? Look no further than your pocket or purse. Just as Detroit democratized transportation a century ago, Silicon Valley has democratized information with a transformation that only began in earnest a decade ago. Both classes of technologies require vast infrastructures creating new energy demands. The cloud--a sprawling constellation of massive data centers and communications networks--is genuinely new and revolutionary. And in energy terms, operating today's global digital infrastructure surpasses the fuel demand of global aviation. It has taken the cloud two decades to reach a level of demand that it took aviation 70 years to reach. Only the dawn of the automobile age drove as fast a rise in energy demand as has the cloud. Now that's a demand revolution. The seeds of the new silicon demand revolution were planted in October 1957 when Fairchild Semiconductor opened its doors in Silicon Valley as the progenitor of the modern commercial transistor factory. And 30 years ago the second critical piece of the new demand revolution fell into place: when the Internet began its explosive growth from mere thousands to today's billions of users. Rounding out the third and final catalyst in the digital infrastructure triad, this year marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone that democratized supercomputing in the cloud. Almost daily we see media stories about digital-era products creating new services and upending old businesses. All these new companies and products--from Amazon and Uber to artificial intelligence-assisted diagnostics--are built on the vast new digital infrastructure. The more exciting or novel the services, the faster the growth in demand becomes for a bigger, faster infrastructure. It may seem incredible to think that infinitesimally small transistors and ethereal bytes in wireless flight to smartphones could require more power than hauling humans at the speed of sound in leviathan aircraft. But that's where the law of large numbers comes in. As every student of zoology learns, bacteria collectively weigh thousands of times more than all the whales on earth. The world fabricates more transistors each year than the number of grains--not bushels, but grains--of wheat grown globally. And those silicon devices, along with other complex components from lasers to optical systems, manifest not only in billions of consumer devices but in megatons and trillions of dollars of hardware in the hidden infrastructure of communications networks and warehouse-scale data centers. The data coursing through the world's wired and wireless networks is now countable north of two zettabytes, an incomprehensible number. For those not steeped in the physics of information, this is what you need to know: All bytes are electrons or photons (electrons' quantum cousins). While mere atomic-scale energy quantities are used per single byte of information, a zetta is an astronomical number. A stack of two zettas' worth of dollar bills would go from the earth to the sun and back one million times. The scale of the infrastructure that produces, massages, transports and stores all those bytes is well documented. It starts at the epicenter with thousands of data centers, many the size of a Wal-Mart, filled with hot humming computer memories and servers. A typical enterprise-class data center demands as much power as a utility-scale power plant can produce. Billion-dollar data centers are proliferating faster than billion-dollar oil platforms. Global capital spending on energy-using information-communication technology hardware is running at $3.5 trillion annually, rivaling global capital spending on energy-producing oil and gas equipment. As the cloud enters the next and bigger expansion phase--where data and software are increasingly becoming utility services--we see the emergence of so-called hyperscale data centers. There are already 300 of them globally, with 400 expected by next year. One leading data center expert recently concluded: "Data center power is out of control. ... Google's total power usage seems to have gone up 12-fold in the last four years. ... Most of the rampant growth is caused by growth in consumer services like Facebook, YouTube, Netflix and messaging." Next, consider the essential communication networks connecting the data centers with billions of mobile devices and soon hundreds of billions of things. Here it was the emergence of high-speed wireless technology that accelerated the early Internet tethered to desktops to today's planet-spanning wireless network. And physics comes into play again as we migrate from wired to wireless. Wireless convenience is inherently far more costly in energy terms per byte. The new broadband networks use 60 times more energy to provide the same coverage as the earlier voice-centric 2G cellular networks still dominant around the world. (No surprise then that the electric bill for wireless operators can exceed 40 percent of operational costs.) In aggregate, the networks demand far more power than do the data centers. And every forecast sees wireless bandwidth demand ballooning exponentially. Researchers at a Bell Labs project in the University of Melbourne, Australia, recently concluded: "Wireless networks are the biggest threat to the sustainability of cloud services, not data centers." Finally, we add hardware manufacturing to the pantheon of hidden energy demands. Digital things are the most complex products ever produced at scale and require on average 1,000 times more energy pound-for-pound compared to typical products manufactured last century. For all of history, the energy costs of manufacturing conventional products largely tracked the weight of the thing produced. A refrigerator weighs about 200 times more than a hair dryer and takes about 200 times more energy to manufacture. But it takes nearly as much energy to make one smartphone as one refrigerator, even though the latter weighs 1,000 times more. And the world produces 30 times more smartphones annually than refrigerators. To use another example, despite a car weighing 10,000 times more than a smartphone, global fabrication of smartphones now uses 15 percent of the energy used by all car factories. And unlike the steel in fridges and cars, at the end of a short useful life a silicon device has no inherent or recyclable value. It's trash. Thus, in energy terms smartphones are the SUVs of the information highways. Greenpeace has eagerly pointed to these energy realities to put PR heat on the tech community. Greenpeace's 2017 Clicking Green report found that the global cloud uses more than twice the electricity of the entire nation of Japan. Apparently embarrassed by the scale of cloud energy demand, the tech community serially promises more efficiency will solve the problem. But it's not a problem; it's the sign of a wonderful new economy-boosting infrastructure. And it is precisely because of astounding gains in energy efficiency that the Internet exists at all. A single Amazon data center, if it had to operate at the level of 1987 computing efficiency, would demand fivefold more power than does all of Manhattan. Without far better efficiency there wouldn't be a single data center, never mind thousands. The reality is every company in the digital ecosystem eagerly pursues big efficiency gains in order to expand markets for silicon logic. While we're dispensing with shibboleths, we noted that electric cars actually don't change demand, nor do they cause a meaningful shift on the supply side either. Over the decade of Tesla's rise, about 70 percent of America's new electricity supply came from burning shale gas, effectively displacing the use of, well, shale oil. As for the future, all trends point to explosive growth in global cloud traffic. Odds are that overall cloud power demand will double or more in a decade or so. Meanwhile, even if optimistic forecasts for global EV sales are realized, two decades from now the cloud will demand far more power than do battery-powered cars. But there is one way that future cars will help revolutionize demand. Making cars silicon smart and self-driving, bragging rights for Tesla and every other automaker, means automobiles become a new generator of data. Executives at Audi and chip-maker Nvidia talk in terms of cars as supercomputers or data centers "on wheels." The amount of data such cars will generate is countable in the zettabtytes per year. Editorial on 05/14/2017 Print Headline: Behold the demand revolution Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Opinion and Letters* We are indeed different Behold the demand revolution Knowing the role behind the agency How to write a commencement address Macron's unique political achievement The Handmaid's Tale: Politics amid dystopia Myths about the Mafia A more honest approach to executions Let's not be suckers More Opinion and Letters* stories > Comments on: Behold the demand revolution To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Thankful for the chance to celebrate Mom (1 comment) Little Rock plan seeks to limit feeding poor in parks (15 comments) Let's not be suckers (14 comments) Trump lawyers describe Russia income (18 comments) Arkansas school district asks to be declared desegregated (6 comments) Teen killed, 6 people injured in Arkansas shooting; suspects sought (6 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Skip to main content Top Menu Mobile Apps ePaper Login Subscribe Now Kingston Mon | May 15, 2017 Search Menu Main menu Home Lead Stories News Sports Entertainment Business Letters Commentary Flair Health Food Secondary Menu World News Lifestyle In Focus Auto Social Outlook Shipping Western Focus Art & Leisure Blogs Jobs Radio Classifieds Mobile version Subscribe to this feed Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Sales spike, but earnings slip at GK Published:Sunday | May 14, 2017 | 5:00 AMSteven Jackson Photo Video File Tropical Rhythms drinks made by GraceKennedy. The conglomerate announced a new distribution deal for the drink in its US market, amid an overall spike in food trading revenue in the March quarter. Food and financial services conglomerate GraceKennedy Limited reported $1.14 billion in net profit for the first quarter ending March. Earnings were 28 per cent lower year on year. The decline in profit was due to higher costs in its food and insurance division, resulting in earnings per share of $1.02, compared with $1.50 a year earlier. The 95-year-old conglomerate performed better at the top line in the quarter. Revenue climbed from $22.1 billion to $23.7 billion. The group operates four segments, including food trading which delivered profits of $725.6 million, banking and investments at $107.1 million, insurance at $87.5 million, and money services at $751.4 million. The food trading division and insurance segments earned 15 per cent and 11 per cent less profit, respectively, than a year earlier. Food trading grew revenue primarily because of higher sales from its Jamaican foods distribution and supermarket businesses when compared to a year ago, stated GraceKennedy Group CEO Don Wehby in the preface to the quarterly financial report. "Lower margins, higher marketing expenses and costs associated with the expansion and renovation of our Hi-Lo Food Stores in Jamaica contributed to the decline in pre-tax profit," he said. In its American market, GraceKennedy Foods USA continues to expand due to its increased entry in chain stores with additional listings in Walmart, Winn Dixie and Publix. For the quarter, Grace and La Fe brands showed growth in revenue year on year. FOOD LINE EXPANSION GK also expanded its food trading line to include a new distributor of its Tropical Rhythms drinks in key areas in the United States. "The company entered into an agreement with Pollo Tropical to pilot Tropical Rhythms across 47 stores along the East Coast of the USA," said Wehby. Pollo Tropical is owned by the Fiesta Restaurant Group. The insurance segment experienced higher revenues during the quarter, but was affected by higher costs. During the quarter, GraceKennedy renamed EC Global Insurance Company as GK Insurance. Both GK General Insurance Company and the GK Insurance reported growth in revenues. As a subsequent event, the group divested its 30 per cent shareholding in Trident Insurance Company based in Barbados on May 8. The net disposal proceeds amounted to some $56 million. The financial group recorded increased transaction volumes in the remittance business. During the quarter, the conglomerate launched its new mobile wallet, GK MPay, through which customers are able to pay for goods, services and receive remittances via mobile devices. GraceKennedy closed the March quarter with total assets of $126.8 billion, and shareholder equity $45.46 billion. business@gleanerjm.com «NerdWallet: How to invest without sacrificing your values Yaneek Page | Making your business a household name» View the discussion thread. More Business Email this story Print this page E-mail the editor More Stories New boss at FHC aims to reconnect Lawyers: Wells Fargo created about 3.5 million fake accounts Overblown claim on new China trade deal Oran Hall | Londoner wants to borrow to buy property in Jamaica David Jessop | Why the concerns of Caribbean youth matter Yaneek Page | Making your business a household name Glenford Smith | Never lie about being fired NerdWallet: How to invest without sacrificing your values New CEO at Yello amid expansion New report says labour conditions in the Caribbean continue to weaken Videos For more videos click here. Latest Blogs Those Neglected Places That We Don't Want to Care About The Grass is Greener MOTOGP A SPANISH AFFAIR AT JEREZ The Puzzling Silence of ODPEM as Hurricane Season Approaches Children can learn how to manage money Top jobs Table of Contents The Gleaner Archives Digital Archives: Online editions 2006-Now Library: Research and Assistance Print Archives: Editions 1834-Present Gleaner Your Way Mobile: Get the Gleaner on your mobile Newsletter: Get headline news RSS Feeds Gallery Games Videos Gleaner Company Websites The Star Gleaner Classifieds Go Jamaica Hospitality Jamaica Gleaner Extra (N. America) Youthlink Voice UK Gleaner Company Websites Business Directory Restaurant Week Discover Jamaica Go Jamaica Hosting First Look Sports Jamaica diGJamaica Weather Gleaner Links Our Products Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Suggestion Subscription Terms and Conditions Submit a Letter Privacy Policy RJR Gleaner Merger Q&A Copyright © 2017 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group. All Rights Reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 15, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Kaye Finley Beebe school librarian leaves mark on students, staff By Kayla Baugh This article was published May 14, 2017 at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY WILLIAM HARVEY Kaye Finley, library media specialist at Beebe Elementary School, will retire from the district after 39 years. Kaye Finley has spent much of her past guiding students toward a bright and promising future. Finley will retire from the Beebe School District at the end of the school year after 39 years of dedication to the district. She said the decision to retire was a difficult one. “It’s probably one of the most difficult decisions I have made in my life, or at least it feels that way,” Finley said. Finley has been a library media specialist at Beebe Elementary School for 29 years. “For five years, I was a resource education teacher, and for five years I was a fourth-grade teacher,” Finley explained. “The rest of the time, I’ve been in the library. It hasn’t always been here in this library, though,” she said. “It’s been anywhere from pre-K through seventh grade. Right now, it’s second through fourth grade,” Finley said. “We have two libraries, and they serve a little over 800 students. I see all of those students every other week,” she said. Finley said there’s no such thing as a normal day in the library. “I do have a committee that I work on,” she said. “I’m the Arkansas Comprehensive Improvement Plan process manager, so I’m the one who puts it all together, and I’m responsible for making sure everything gets done.” Finley said she wasn’t a reader growing up but started to become interested in books when she was in junior high school. Finley worked in the library in college at the University of Central Arkansas in Conway. “I read all of the current literature and all of the new fiction at the time,” she said enthusiastically. “When I came here to work as a classroom teacher, my best friend and my mentor was the building librarian. I saw how she worked and how she was a part of the school behind the scenes,” Finley said. “When you’re in the library, you’re on a lot of committees and do a lot of background things. I saw that and realized that was something I’d want to do some day,” Finley said. Finley said she fell into the position, but she has really enjoyed it. “I did miss teaching in a classroom, but I never regretted the change,” she explained. Finley said she likes being involved with the students and staff. “I get to see all of the students. Unfortunately, you don’t get to know them as well as you want to. At least you get to meet them, see them and recognize them in the hallway,” she said. “I also get to be involved with the staff,” Finley said. “You get to build relationships with all of the teachers and see the other side. You kind of see how things work. “In the classroom, I was focused on my grade level and colleagues but didn’t really see how the whole system worked. In my career and on committees over the years, I’ve gotten to see how the school works and how it all works together. It makes you appreciate your job and your school when you see how it takes all of us to make it work.” Finley said the most important part of her job is giving children access to books, information and a place to be themselves. “That’s the main goal and the purpose,” she said. “Sometimes kids just need a place where they’re accepted. There’s no judgment in here, and they’re free to be themselves,” she said. “I’ve had students who didn’t have a niche, didn’t have a place to go, and the library was kind of a sanctuary for them,” Finley said. “Hopefully, you make an impact. Hopefully, you connect them with that book that could be life-changing. “When I first started in the library, I had to hand out candy to get kids to check out a book. Now they come to the library, and they have lists. They know what they want.” Finley said that in her years at the library in Beebe, there have been two fires and a tornado that caused damage to the school. “I’ve helped rebuild three libraries from the ashes up with a lot of support,” she said. “I saw how powerful our staff and community were. Everyone was so supportive and allowed me to rebuild the libraries and the collection,” she said. “We as a district overcame those obstacles, and we thrived,” she said. “No one ever gave up, and we came back better and stronger every time. “It’s like it’s happening to your own home when those things happen, but we were able to make life as normal as possible for our students and staff.” Finley said one never knows the impact one makes on a student. “Several years ago, I had a young student follow me around Walmart and point me out to their parents,” Finley said. “The mother asked who I was, and the student said, ‘I don’t know, but she’s famous. She’s in the library.’ “That was the ultimate compliment to me.” Finley said she would be in the medical field if she hadn’t gone into education. “It’s a service industry like education,” she said. Finley attended Beebe schools from the first grade until graduation. She got her bachelor’s and master’s degrees at the University of Central Arkansas. “Elementary was my major, and special education was my minor. My master’s degree was in library media,” Finley said. Finley was born in Harrison, then moved to Heber Springs, where her dad worked on the Greers Ferry Dam. “We moved to Beebe when I was 6 years old and started school. I came back after college,” she said. “I grew up mainly on a farm out in the country,” Finley said. “Every year we try to take our girls on a vacation. They know we’re going to do historical stuff before fun stuff,” she said, laughing. Finley is married to Joe Finley, a former teacher, and has four grown stepchildren. She said the couple have four grandchildren as well. “We have twin daughters together who are completing college soon,” she said. Finley said she is a part of Delta Kappa Gamma Society International, the Arkansas Education Association, the National Education Association, the Arkansas Association of Instructional Media and the Arkansas Reading Association. Finley said that after her retirement, she hopes to spend more time with her husband and family, volunteer and travel the United States. “I will miss working with students, and I will miss the relationships I have made not only in this school, but with others in our district and beyond,” Finley said. Finley enjoys reading, fishing and traveling to historic parks and landmarks in her free time. Janice Dillard, a second-grade teacher at Beebe Elementary School, said she has worked with Finley for around 22 years. “Kaye is very friendly, talkative, and she has a good listening ear. She is a very good listener,” Dillard said. “She’s very dedicated to the school as a whole. She’s very devoted,” Dillard said. “My first year of teaching here, she and I worked together. She was very gentle, encouraging and patient. I couldn’t have had a better person to start my school year with,” Dillard said. “She’s a stronghold here,” she said. “She is very knowledgeable about everything that goes on in the school system — not just what she does here in the library. “If she had a task to do, you could be sure Kaye would fulfill that task, and it would be done professionally and in a timely manner. She’s always been very mindful of making sure things were done efficiently and professionally.” Rhonda McNeill teaches Gifted and Talented to second-, third- and fourth-graders at Beebe Elementary School. She has worked with Finley for 17 years. “Kaye is very knowledgeable about life,” McNeill said. “She takes pride in where she came from, the school she teaches in, the community and the kids,” she said. “She’s always willing to help you get what you need. She goes above and beyond for the kids and the staff,” McNeill said. “She’s up to date, and she grows with the kids. She stays in touch with them, and they love her,” she said. “She’s truly going to be missed,” McNeill said. Staff writer Kayla Baugh can be reached at (501) 244-4307 or kbaugh@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Thankful for good role model Mom at youth ranch touches lives High school students work to bring Miracle Le... New dog park coming soon to Cabot Beebe school librarian leaves mark on student... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA Plant sale to be featured in Fairfield Bay ac... Habitat HomeStore set to open June 1 Give a delicious homemade gift this Mother’s ... Comments on: Beebe school librarian leaves mark on students, staff To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Thankful for the chance to celebrate Mom (1 comment) Little Rock plan seeks to limit feeding poor in parks (15 comments) Let's not be suckers (14 comments) Trump lawyers describe Russia income (18 comments) Arkansas school district asks to be declared desegregated (6 comments) Teen killed, 6 people injured in Arkansas shooting; suspects sought (6 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Preview Service Without a Smile “The Restaurant of the Future will have fewer humans, more robots, and a lot more data,” according to one analyst. Updated May 13, 2017 1:23 a.m. ET Review | Dates to Watch For | Follow-Up: Snap | Follow-Up: Whole Foods | U.S. Economic Calendar | Consensus Estimates | Coming Earnings | Coming U.S. Auctions Technology may be making it so that you’ll never want to visit a physical store again. But it could make visiting a real-life restaurant all the more appealing. Bernstein analysts recently imagined the restaurant of the not-so-distant future. There, you’d browse menu... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Kill the white elephant Prince George Citizen May 12, 2017 11:08 PM When will Christy Clark put her monstrous ego aside and admit that she has made a terrible mistake by trying to push her $9 billion plus 'White Elephant' (a.k.a. Site C Dam) past the point of no return? For decades, BC Hydro and various governments have used the scare tactic that Site C is needed to power 450,000 homes. Doesn't it seem strange that, today, those alleged 450,000 homes are hardly ever mentioned? They never existed, still don't, and possibly never will. The justifications for this economic and environmental disaster seem to change constantly: it's for homes, it's not for export, it is for export, it's not for industry, it is for industry, it's for jobs (apparently for Albertans and other non-locals), the list goes on. Just over a year ago, Ms. Clark swooped into Fort St. John, dressed down in her Walmart best (are rural people not good enough to dress up for?), and, after kissing a couple of kids, transformed herself into the proverbial 'wolf in sheep's clothing', patronizing her credulous flock with a nauseating five-minute 'let us help' speech as she promised 100,000 LNG jobs for people in the north to 'fill the government treasuries' with. Since then, I'm wondering how many in that crowd have pulled the wool out of their eyes and will finally see that giant white elephant and realize that all of us, for generations to come, will be paying for it, in many ways. Wake up B.C. Christy's legacy is everyone's expense! Wendy Crossland, Charlie Lake © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen 'Please support the Prince George Citizen and online news like this by purchasing a digital subscription.' Comments NOTE: To post a comment you must have an account with at least one of the following services: Disqus, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ You may then login using your account credentials for that service. If you do not already have an account you may register a new profile with Disqus by first clicking the "Post as" button and then the link: "Don't have one? Register a new profile". The Prince George Citizen welcomes your opinions and comments. We do not allow personal attacks, offensive language or unsubstantiated allegations. We reserve the right to edit comments for length, style, legality and taste and reproduce them in print, electronic or otherwise. Comments that contain external links will not be permitted. For further information, please contact the editor or publisher, or see our Terms and Conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close ‹ previous Fight against fossil fuels next Preferred ballot preferred › next previous Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Local restaurant gets high hazard rating May 12, 2017 Former area resident wins Daytime Emmy May 12, 2017 Bus facility proposal hits the ditch May 12, 2017 Images released of alleged shoplifters May 12, 2017 Mother of three among NMP graduates May 12, 2017 Some conditions can close restaurants May 12, 2017 Relay For Life raises $535,000 May 14, 2017 Local park scene of second suspicious incident May 12, 2017 National race prompts Blackwater reconstruction May 12, 2017 Cats goalie McBride chooses school over hockey May 11, 2017 Paciejewski leads Bandits' raid May 14, 2017 Relay For Life raises $535,000 May 14, 2017 Adult soccer leagues consider amalgamating May 13, 2017 Preferred ballot preferred May 12, 2017 Fight against fossil fuels May 12, 2017 Kill the white elephant May 12, 2017 Cariboo Connector a joke May 12, 2017 We don't need Site C May 12, 2017 Unhealthy waiting May 12, 2017 Drive-thru manners May 12, 2017 Election Issues POLL What's the most important issue that the party leaders and local candidates didn't talk about enough during the provincial election? First Nations relations Education Health care Marijuana legalization Environment Seniors or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Chalkin' up a milestone: Hesperia Parks and Rec celebrates 60th anniversary with youth art competition Saturday May 13, 2017 at 6:16 PM May 13, 2017 at 6:29 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes HESPERIA — While kneeling on the ground with a piece of chalk in hand, Allison DeLong focused on the large sketch coming to life as she carefully and swiftly moved around her work of art. “I’ve been drawing since I was 12 years old, and I got inspired to want to draw from watching Disney movies at a young age,” said Delong, 17, of Hesperia. “I would try and recreate the things I had seen in the films and from there I began to branch out and draw my own ideas.” In celebration of its 60th anniversary, the Hesperia Recreation and Park District hosted the Chalk the Walk art competition Saturday morning. Each young artist who participated received a set of chalk and two hours to fill in a 10-foot-by-7-foot space along the walking path of the park for all to see. “If you can imagine your life without a park, wouldn’t that be boring?” asked Staff Assistant Sarah Hauser. “We wanted this event to focus on our youth in the community while also showcasing their abilities to contribute to the park.” Three different age groups  from 7 to 9 years, 10 to 12 years and 13 to 17 years all attempted to draw their best interpretation of the event's theme: Why Parks Make Life Better. While some drew images resembling past events at the park like Movies in the Park, others took a creative spin by creating something out of the ordinary while tying it back to the theme. Covered in chalk, 8-year-old Damien Estrada drew people playing and holding hands at the park in front of his mother Lizeth Barajas, who said the two always make an effort to attend any event the Parks and Rec District offers. “You the see the beautiful sky and them playing and hanging out with friends,” Estrada said as he pointed to his drawing. “That’s my favorite thing to do at the park.” The nonprofit organization Artists of the High Desert partnered with the district to judge the competition. Prizes were awarded to the top 3 finishers in each category. The overall winner received a Walmart gift card. “Although the city wasn’t founded until around the 1980’s, Parks and Rec has been around since 1957 and we thought this would be a great way to commemorate our history and bring everyone out together for a good time,” Hauser said. As the competition came to an end, DeLong stood up from her spot and took a step back to view her completed creation of a young girl blowing bubbles. Inside each bubble was a different activity that people could enjoy at the park. “I wanted each bubble to show why going to the park is a great thing to do and how something simple as walking your dog or hanging out with your friends and family can be something special to make park life better,” DeLong said. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano @VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her onTwitter @DP_MonicaInes. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai FBI: Tad Cummins Had Sex With Elizabeth Thomas 'Most Nights' Juliana Rose Pignataro International Business Times May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos The 50-year-old teacher said the two began having a sexual relationship the night they disappeared.More Tad Cummins, the man accused of kidnapping 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, had sex with the girl “most nights” while the two were missing, according to an FBI agent’s testimony. FBI Agent Utley Noble also said 50-year-old Cummins, who was formerly Elizabeth’s high school teacher, said the two began having a sexual relationship March 13, the day they disappeared. A federal judge ruled Friday that Cummins was to be held until his trial on the grounds that he was a flight risk and a danger to the community. U.S. Magistrate Judge Barbara Holmes cited Cummins’ abuse of his position of authority and his past attempts to evade police in issuing the decision. “Here, the evidence of danger is substantial,” she said. Read: Tad Cummins' Daughter Breaks Silence About Alleged Kidnapping An amber alert was issued for Elizabeth March 13 after she left her Tennessee home to attend a local restaurant and never returned. Police immediately suspected Cummins, a former teacher at Culleoka Unit School in Maury County, who was being investigated by school officials and local police for having an inappropriate relationship with Elizabeth. Surveillance footage caught Cummins filling up his car at a gas station near the restaurant.  For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android. Investigators at the time were quick to caution that this could not be a consensual, romantic relationship. “She is 15, a child. He is 50, a grown man,” Tennessee Bureau of Investigation director Mark Gwynn told reporters shortly after the two went missing. “She’s a high school freshman. He’s a former teacher. This is, and was, not a romance. This was manipulation solely to benefit Tad Cummins. This is not a fairy tale. This is a case of kidnapping.” After the pair vanished, they were spotted only once, when TBI officials confirmed a sighting of them on security footage from a Walmart in Oklahoma City. The two were missing for 38 days before finally being located in Siskiyou County, a remote area of Northern California. Cummins was immediately arrested at the scene.  Cummins could face additional charges of statutory rape and prosecutors sought to obtain recordings between him and his soon-to-be ex wife, Jill. She filed for divorce from Cummins shortly after he disappeared. Read: Everything We Know About Elizabeth Thomas And Tad Cummins “I asked, ‘Well, did you sleep with her?’ and he said, ‘Yes I did,’ and I didn’t want any details,” Jill told Inside Edition of a conversation she had with her husband while he was at a federal detention center in California. Jill said she planned to have no relationship with her husband and was conspicuously absent from his first appearance in court. One of his daughters, however, said the past month’s events had not changed her opinion of her father. “He was the definition of what a good father should be and still is,” Ashley Cummins, 26, told Inside Edition. “I believe that. He needs to at least know that everybody’s not against him.” Cummins faces both federal and state charges and could receive life in prison if convicted. A date for his trial hasn't been set. View photos RTS138DJMore Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon Lopey announces the arrest of fugitive Tad Cummins, a former high school teacher accused of kidnapping 15-year-old student Elizabeth Thomas, in Yreka, California, Apr. 20, 2017. Photo: Reuters SaveSave Related Articles Tad Cummins' Daughter Discusses Alleged Kidnapping 10 Things To Know About Elizabeth Thomas' Alleged Kidnapper Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community High School quarterback gunned down at graduation party in Baton Rouge 1731 reactions4%69%27% America’s wondrous waterfalls 60 reactions11%64%25% Mayor condemns torch-bearing protesters defending Confederate statue 9829 reactions4%66%30% Chrissy Teigen Gets a Tramp Stamp for Revenge After John Legend Dances With a Fan: See the Pics! 529 reactions5%61%34% French kiss, split brim, crybaby sumo & more — it happened today: May 14 in pictures 4 reactions0%50%50% North Korea's latest missile launch a success 41 reactions6%64%30% Graham: New FBI Director Should Be an FBI Agent 66 reactions4%77%19% Powers Boothe, Emmy-Winning Character Actor, Dies at 68 604 reactions19%64%17% Does God Exist? Some Scientists Think They Have Proof 622 reactions6%66%28% Why the Warriors' thrilling comeback hurt so much 25 reactions6%61%33% Flags, Trump, pyrotechnics & more — it happened today: May 13 in pictures 59 reactions6%66%28% White House tries to put FBI chief's firing behind them 11 reactions0%86%14% Schumer Describes Link Between New FBI Director and Special Prosecutor 148 reactions2%68%30% Sean Spicer Likely To Be Fired, Reports Say 1979 reactions5%68%27% ICE Agent Tried to Apprehend a 4th-Grader but Was Turned Away by the School 492 reactions4%67%29% Woman unknowingly wore her engagement ring hidden in necklace for a year 61 reactions14%62%24% Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Dan: At least the tide has turned against Trump. That was a necessary and important beginning. A majority of Americans neither believe him, trust him, nor support him. With each passing week of idiocy from this White House, that power against him grows. It will be a juggernaut that will not be stopped, and Trump will spiral into greater anger, bitterness and loathing toward the majority of America's citizenry. He and his stalwart supporters are an increasing minority, and in time will be swept aside by more rational thinking. It takes a while to straighten out a big ship travelling stormy waters, but it will be righted. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.8k
Skip to content SOUND BOOKS FUN TOYS …and, of course, everyone knows fun rules. YOUTUBE Search for... Search Menu View Widgets Home Blog Look Listen Learn Games About ◕‿◕ Minecraft for Nintendo Switch the Best Version – Time Magical Moments | Mickey Mouse Clubhouse: Road Rally | Disney Junior UK Magical Moments | The Lion Guard: The Jackals | Disney Junior UK Magical Moments | Doc McStuffins: Lala’s First Check-Up | Disney Junior UK Five Game Of Thrones Spinoffs–Not Four–Are In The Works Search: Search for... Search New in Store National Lampoons Class Reunion (DVD, 2000) Horror Comedy OOP Anchor Bay James Pond DS Codename Robocod Nintendo DS Game COMPLETE Pom Poko DVD Raccoon Anime Disney Studio Ghibli Movie Iron Man and X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal Playstation 1 Game PS1 COMPLETE Marvel Disney's Cinderella DVD Disc 2 Bonus Features Disc (Missing Disc 1) SEGA Game Tips VHS Post Cereal Box Premium RARE 90's Genesis Game Gear Promo Advertisements Best PC Hardware Deals Of The Week http://ifttt.com/images/no_image_card.png It’s yet another week to hunt for deals on PC hardware and components, and we’re here to help find a few of the best online. If you’re looking out for a decent monitor, beefy power supply, or spacious solid-state drive, be sure to jump on these offers before they expire or sell out. Big ticket items such as the GTX 1070 video card from Gigabyte and a 144Hz monitor from Acer can also be snagged at a discount. If you’ve found any other great deals we missed, please let us know in the comments below; sharing is caring! Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 – $369.99 From Newegg The GTX 1070 is a terrific mid-high range graphics card capable of handling modern games with maximum quality settings at 1440p. It’s even powerful enough to do 4K in some games while pumping out playable frame rates. This particular model from Gigabyte has a dual fan cooler and an overclocking mode that’ll boost the core clock to 1771 MHz. ADATA Ultimate SU800 512GB SSD (3D NAND SATA III) – $135.30 (promo code: EMCRFBD32) From Newegg Prices for solid-state drives continue to fluctuate, but this 512GB model from ADATA is one of the better deals right now, especially for the amount of storage. If you’re still using hard disk drives exclusively, now would be a good time to make the jump for faster storage. Be sure to use the promo code to swoop this up for cheap. Cooler Master Hyper 212 LED CPU Cooler – $19.99 From Newegg Cooler Master’s Hyper 212 CPU coolers are regarded as some the best air coolers for the price. This particular model is equipped with a red LED fan, but still sports the design and efficiency of other Hyper 212 coolers. It’s a great upgrade if you’re still using stock coolers on your Intel or AMD processors. Take note, the Hyper 212 is not compatible with AMD Ryzen’s AM4 socket designs. EVGA SuperNOVA 850 Watt Modular Power Supply, 80 Plus Gold – $93.55 From Walmart The SuperNOVA from EVGA provides plenty of juice for most systems with its 850 watts and 80 Plus Gold certification. This power supply would fit perfectly for multi-GPU setups. It’s also modular, which will benefit the cable management process. ECO Mode helps keep fan noise down during low-load operation and increases power efficiency. Acer GN27HL 27-inch 144Hz Monitor – $259.99 (promo code: 513514WKSE39) From Newegg Acer is known for manufacturing reliable and affordable monitors, and the GN27HL is yet another. It’s a high-refresh rate 27-inch display with a one millisecond response time and native resolution of 1080p. If you really want to take advantage of the 144Hz refresh rate, make sure you’re equipped with a video card capable of pumping out high frame rates at 1080p. Don’t forget to use the promo code to get it for this price. Logitech G602 Wireless Mouse – $39.99 From Best Buy The G602 wireless mouse from Logitech seems to be on sale quite often, but that doesn’t mean it’s still not a great deal for this price. It takes on the design of the highly regarded G502 gaming mouse with deep grooves, 11 programmable buttons, and on-the-fly sensitivity switching. It also has extensive battery life with several power modes. Vía https://www.gamespot.com/articles/best-pc-hardware-deals-of-the-week/1100-6450018/ Advertisements Save or Share Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Posted on 1 day ago By soundbooksfuntoys GAMES Posted in GAMES Tagged #Best PC Hardware Deals Of The Week, GAMES, new games Post navigation Next Post Was Mass Effect: Andromeda Unfairly Torn Apart by the Internet? Previous Post The Truth About Maleficent Advertisements Home Blog Look Listen Learn Games About ◕‿◕ MORE Animate Best Animated Films Blog Contact Film Games Learn LISTEN🎵 LOOK👀 CTRL + D to bookmark this site Search this site Search for... Search A simple and free way to support! YOUTUBE Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
Hot Topics: Mom Photo Loveland 'House Hunters' Service Dog at Aims Trail Ridge Road TVHS Baseball Things to Do in NoCo New Restaurant RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls May 12-14, 2017 Posted:   05/14/2017 05:36:55 PM MDT Notable Calls Friday • Noon. Motor vehicle theft, 2400 block of Silverton Street. • Noon. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, Crossroads Boulevard and Fairgrounds Avenue. • 1 p.m. Harassment, Lucile Erwin Middle School, 4700 Lucerne Ave. • 1 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 1300 block of South Lincoln Avenue. • 1 p.m. Vandalism, 600 block of Inca Dove Drive. • 1 p.m. Warrant, Loveland Sunrise Community Health Center, 302 Third St. SE. • 2 p.m. Weapons, Olde Course Municipal Golf Course, 2115 W. 29th St. • 2 p.m. Warrant, 821 White Elm Drive. • 2 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 3900 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 3 p.m. Theft, Thompson Valley High School, 1669 Eagle Drive. • 3 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, West Eisenhower Boulevard and North Taft Avenue. • 3 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, East Eisenhower Boulevard and North Monroe Avenue. • 4 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, East Eisenhower Boulevard and North Madison Avenue. • 4 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, West Eisenhower Boulevard and North Wilson Avenue. • 4 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, 1200 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. Criminal mischief, 2100 block of South Colorado Avenue. • 7 p.m. Burglary, 701 W. 10th St. Advertisement • 7 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 7 p.m. Assault, 1000 block of Redwood Drive. • 8 p.m. Weapons, 4300 block of North Lincoln Avenue. • 10 p.m. Physical disturbance, 4300 block of North Lincoln Avenue. Saturday • Midnight. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 200 block of East 29th Street. • 1 a.m. DUI, 2300 block of North Cleveland Avenue. • 2 a.m. DUI, North Boyd Lake Avenue and East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 7 a.m. Burglary, 1200 block of Baretta Drive. • 8 a.m. Hit and run motor vehicle accident, 400 block of Emerald Court. • 8 a.m. Theft, 400 block of East Third Street. • 9 a.m. Theft, 1500 block of East Fifth Street. • 10 a.m. Fraud, 4000 block of Delcon Court. • Noon. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 1 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 14th Street Southwest and South Taft Avenue. • 1 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, West Eisenhower Boulevard and North Garfield Avenue. • 4 p.m. Shoplift in progress, Kohl's, 1340 Sculptor Drive. • 4 p.m. Shoplift in progress, Safeway West, 2321 W. Eisenhower Blvd. • 7 p.m. DUI, 1400 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 7 p.m. Hit and run motor vehicle accident, Wal-Mart Supercenter East, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 10 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, 1800 block of West Eisenhower Boulevard. • 10 p.m. Traffic stop, North Garfield Avenue at Buchanan Avenue. Sunday • Midnight. Burglary, Five Star Nails and Lashes, 1687 Rocky Mountain Ave. • 3 a.m. DUI, 5100 block of McWhinney Boulevard. • 5 a.m. Burglary, 1100 block of North Grant Avenue. • 10 a.m. Burglary, 4600 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 10 a.m. Verbal disturbance, 1400 block of North Lincoln Avenue. • 10 a.m. Assault, Loveland Community Kitchen, 427 N. Garfield Ave. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Thompson students win 2 firsts in national cooking competition Loveland police promote 3 to sergeant rank Daily Record: Loveland police calls May 12-14, 2017   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 Community Larger / SmallerNight Mode Hunter Breakfast | Monday May 15 2017 15 May 2017, 7:09 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. Morning Shot: @hnb01/Instagram Traffic: An earlier crash in southbound lanes on the M1 has cleared. An oil spill is posing a hazard on the Golden Highway at Denman while drivers are urged to exercise caution on the Pacific Highway at Nords Wharf near Branter Road after an earlier crash.  Beachwatch: Low pressure system has form off the coast to the S/E and will generate strong onshore winds with a large and powerful surf over the next couple of days. Swell will gradually build through out the day coming in from the South at 1 to 1.8m.Winds strong from the S/W to South. Messy conditions and not much variation in the tides.Protected southern corners of Stockton and Blascksmith for some smaller breaks.Merewether and Dudley to see bigger sets by the afternoon. Poor swimming conditions with sweeps running north. Best to go to the ocean bathes today.Water temps on 18C. Trains: Good service on the Newcastle and Hunter lines. Weather: Shower or two and windy in Newcastle and Nelson Bay (both 20 degrees). Shower or two in Wallsend, Raymond Terrace and Toronto (all 20 degrees).  Hunter headlines The Newcastle surfing community is in mourning after Janice Callinan, the mother of professional surfer Ryan Callinan, died suddenly on Sunday. Read more. THEY were two comforting words that cleared Daniel Saifiti’s head and inspired the barnstorming front-rower to propel the Newcastle Knights to a stirring 34-20 win over the Canberra Raiders at McDonald Jones Stadium on Sunday. Read more. There was an outpouring of grief on social media over the weekend after fire tore through the popular Redhead Beach Cafe. Read more. Course damage has forced organisers of the Wallaroo State Forest Fun Run to cancel the event for the second time in its 30-year history. Read more. FACING a massive replacement bill and delays to possible funding, Wangi RSL is having to close its heavily used but dilapidated jetty. Read more. THE future of Dungog Council rests on an each way bet that the NSW government will come good with a $15 million rescue package should councillors agree to a merger with Port Stephens on Tuesday. Read more. THE mother of Joe Cinque says she will “never, ever” forgive the woman who killed her son. Read more. State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. Latest News Tractor starts a blank canvas Pursuit driver evades police Heroic efforts inspire high commendations Girl, 12, sexually assaulted on way to school Izzy’s reaching for the stars | VIDEO Editor's Picks A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Popular WATCH LIVE: NHRU - Merewether VS Maitland Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold A whole lotta love hearts A gentle man who endured with dignity Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. Muswellbrook Art Prize 2017 CAST your vote in the Muswellbrook Art Prize People's Choice award. Izzy’s reaching for the stars | VIDEO The St Joseph's student is calling on the community to help make her dream of becoming an astronaut ... Watch the moment two hikers find a massive snake Two Victorian women got the fright of their life when they crossed paths with a two metre tiger ... Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Find Local Products & Services Newspapers in Education Forms Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
null
null
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Brekkie Blog | Monday, May 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7:16 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. North-West weather A high pressure system just west of Tasmania currently extends a ridge near the south which will remain in place for much of this week, with the high expected to move over the south of the state today and remain stationary tomorrow. A low over the Bight will change the orientation of the ridge on Wednesday, as the high move just northeast of the state and another high moves well south of the Bight. The second high will become dominant on Thursday as it moves just southwest of the state, while the low dissipates near Adelaide. North-West news ► A leadership development program is empowering Tasmanians to enact positive change within their communities. Dudley Billing, a youth and community worker for Rural Health Tasmania, is one of 24 people across Tasmania involved in the Emerging Community Leaders program. Read more. ► When deadly bushfires broke out in Tasmania in January 2016, Noel Bye did what he’s done all his life: help people. The 81-year-old spent more than 180 hours driving support vehicles as part of the State Emergency Services’ (SES) bushfire effort. Read more. ► The inaugural Mother’s Day High Tea at the Devonport Racing Club was reported as a success by Devonport Racing Club committee member Vanessa Skipworth. The event was attended by people of all ages from across the Coast. Ms Skipworth said the first ever Devonport Racing Club committee event was very well received. Read more. State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. Latest News Clear water at Rosebery Poppies make come back Llewellyn set to retire Do you get enough sleep? | Poll Toddler dies after ‘tragic accident’ Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Weekend sport, May 13 and 14 | pictures, photos Did you play sport over the weekend of May 13 and 14? People, places and babies | May 15 Take a look through this week's social photos. Mersey Valley Tour day three Mersey Valley Tour day one Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport AFL National Sport NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Features Local Business Listings Competitions Special Publications & Features eEdition Forms sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Explore Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Wake Up, Wimmera | Monday, May 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7:30 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. PIC OF THE DAY: Use the hashtag #wakeupWimmera on Instagram to have your pic included! Photo: @_jbpics_, via Instagram - The sun sets on my 12th Mother's Day, but the work doesn't stop. The chops are in the oven, the kids are going through the shower, while I run out and help fill up the seeder with Canola so the hubby can keep on keeping on! Local Business Good morning everyone! A mostly sunny day ahead – Horsham 17, Ararat 17, Stawell 16, Warracknabeal 17, Nhill 17, and Edenhope 16. Catch up on news here: Mother’s Day Classic in Horsham | Photos, videos Running and family became Stacey White’s therapy during her fight against breast cancer.  In the two years since her diagnosis, she’s not only continued that fight – but she’s defied the doctors and participated in marathons in Adelaide and Melbourne amid surgery, chemotherapy and a bilateral mastectomy with reconstruction. More here. Wimmera groups to host LGBTI pride celebration Horsham’s community organisations are gearing up for IDAHOBIT, the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia. More here. District tourism top job is filled Grampians Tourism has announced the appointment of Marc Sleeman as the new chief executive officer. More here. Stawell to host Pirates production | Photos Ararat Musical Comedy Society’s production of ‘Pirates!’ will this year be staged at the Stawell Entertainment Centre. More here. State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. The story Wake Up, Wimmera | Monday, May 15, 2017 first appeared on The Wimmera Mail-Times. Local Business Latest News Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase Tidy Towns travel spend worth it: Mayor Rain boosts soil moisture for growers Meditation to ease final year pressures | PHOTOS Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase The chase lasted about 250 kilometres. Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase The chase lasted about 250 kilometres. Young side gelling with time | Photos Netball side register win after strong third quarter performance. Female footballers in action again | Photos It was mixed results for the three Wimmera sides in the Deakin Uni Female Football League on Sunday. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport AFL Footy HQ Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Ag and Rural Tributes Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode On the go Bendigo | Monday, May 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. Today's Instagram #picoftheday is by @leesiloo22 - tag your weather pics #bendigoweather and we'll feature the best ones here. Happy Monday, everyone! A mostly sunny day ahead – Bendigo 17, Maryborough 17, Castlemaine 17, Redesdale 18, and Echuca 18. Catch up on news here: Metro patronage doubles at Eaglehawk and Epsom Patronage on the Bendigo Metro rail network has more than doubled at Epsom and Eaglehawk since the project began at the start of last year, government figures show. More here. Parking fines down, but revenue up The City of Greater Bendigo expects to rake in more than $1 million from parking fines across the municipality next financial year after raising the minimum fine from $45 to $50. More here. Thrilling inter-league match fails to win joy for Bendigo Bendigo has again stumbled at the inter-league hurdle that is Ballarat, losing to its fierce rivals for the third time in the past five years on Saturday. More here. Bendigo does it for mum at Mother’s Day Classic | Photos, video Sunday’s Mother’s Day Classic was as popular as ever in its ninth year in Bendigo, with an estimated 1500 participants from across the region joining the fight to eliminate breast cancer. More here. MORE BENDIGO NEWS, CLICK HERE State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. News ‘Shitbox’ to rally to the top end Scam reports on the increase Man fined for spitting in ex-girlfriend’s face Zane East wanted on warrants BASL division one wrap Editor's Picks Bendigo Thunder v North Bendigo | Photos Bendigo babies Friday Flashbacks – sport in Bendigo, May 2005 | Photos Moon shines bright over region Bendigo Business Excellence finalists announced | Photos Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive ‘Shitbox’ to rally to the top end Sonia Sharkey and Kirsty Murray are raising money for cancer research, one kilometre at a time. Bendigo Thunder v North Bendigo | Photos Photo gallery from the Northern Country Women's League game at Weeroona Oval. Geelong maintains its status as No.1 league All the weekend inter-league results from across the state and AFL Victoria's new rankings. Bendigo does it for mum at Mother’s Day Classic | Photos, video Runners and walkers turn out in their hundreds to work towards the goal of eliminating breast cancer. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Multimedia Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Front Page News Local News National Regional Focus Latest News Addy Insider State Property Sport Local Sport National Sport Junior Sport Footy HQ Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Opinion Letters Polls National Opinion Community Competitions Weddings Babies Pets Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Entertainment Life & Style Arts Weekend Planner TV Guide Classifieds Jobs Cars Notices Real Estate Place a Classifieds Ad Find Local Products & Services Photo Sales Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Border Breakfast Wrap | Monday, May 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. Good Morning Border Good defence by Hume but it wasn't enough to beat Tallangatta. Photo: Mark Jesser If you weren’t celebrating Mother’s Day, chances are you may have been playing in or cheering on what was a huge weekend in inter-league sport on the Border. Possible morning shower and 19 for Albury-Wodonga. Max temps: Corowa 18, Culcairn 19, Wangaratta 19, Corryong 18, Bright 17, Falls Creek 6.  Catch up on news here: Murray Darling move positive for the region The Federal Government plans to have about 10 staff from the authority working alongside employees at the Victorian Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning. More here Tourists shun Wodonga visitor information centre Councillors have a big decision to make tonight - it has been recommended they choose to permanently close the Wodonga visitor information centre. More here Albury Thunder stars injured in big win over Young Albury Thunder is paying the price for their 40-12 win over Young with star duo David Cowhan and Shannon Rupapere injured during the victory at Alfred Oval on Saturday. More here Wangaratta City's unbeaten run brought to an end by stunning Melrose comeback Melrose produced a brilliant come-from-behind performance to defeat Wangaratta City 3-2 at Melrose Park and hand the league favourites their first loss of the AWFA senior men’s season. More here Tallangatta overpower Hume in interleague netball Tallangatta and District gained interleague bragging rights over Hume with an impressive 43-29 victory in the open netball at Sandy Creek on Saturday. More here State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. Latest News No set date for Wendouree centre works New festival to look on the Bright cider life Miners to miss weekend games to play in China Roadwork pain end in sight Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase Editor's Picks Get #homesafe this Christmas Popular Body in focus at art gallery Man’s thinking unusual and odd Guernsey tells a story PHOTOS: Colourful walkathon for charity Kinders push for funding to continue Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase The chase lasted about 250 kilometres. Watch the moment two hikers find a massive snake Two Victorian women got the fright of their life when they crossed paths with a two metre tiger ... Fairfax Front Pages: Monday, May 15, 2017 NATIONAL: The Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Ballarat Weekend in Sport Photos | May 13 & 14, 2017 Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Wake Up, Wimmera | Monday, May 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7:30 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. PIC OF THE DAY: Use the hashtag #wakeupWimmera on Instagram to have your pic included! Photo: @_jbpics_, via Instagram - The sun sets on my 12th Mother's Day, but the work doesn't stop. The chops are in the oven, the kids are going through the shower, while I run out and help fill up the seeder with Canola so the hubby can keep on keeping on! Local Business Good morning everyone! A mostly sunny day ahead – Horsham 17, Ararat 17, Stawell 16, Warracknabeal 17, Nhill 17, and Edenhope 16. Catch up on news here: Mother’s Day Classic in Horsham | Photos, videos Running and family became Stacey White’s therapy during her fight against breast cancer.  In the two years since her diagnosis, she’s not only continued that fight – but she’s defied the doctors and participated in marathons in Adelaide and Melbourne amid surgery, chemotherapy and a bilateral mastectomy with reconstruction. More here. Wimmera groups to host LGBTI pride celebration Horsham’s community organisations are gearing up for IDAHOBIT, the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia. More here. District tourism top job is filled Grampians Tourism has announced the appointment of Marc Sleeman as the new chief executive officer. More here. Stawell to host Pirates production | Photos Ararat Musical Comedy Society’s production of ‘Pirates!’ will this year be staged at the Stawell Entertainment Centre. More here. State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. The story Wake Up, Wimmera | Monday, May 15, 2017 first appeared on The Wimmera Mail-Times. Local Business Latest News Stawell claims ladies golf pennant Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase Art is...festival searches for giant postcard ideas Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase The chase lasted about 250 kilometres. Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase The chase lasted about 250 kilometres. Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase The chase lasted about 250 kilometres. Young side gelling with time | Photos Netball side register win after strong third quarter performance. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport AFL Footy HQ Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Ag and Rural Tributes Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
null
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Ballarat breakfast report | Monday, March 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7:07 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. PIC OF THE DAY: @majuuudi "#victoria #on #the #move #ballarat #vicaustralia" Good morning Ballarat and happy Monday, here are today's news headlines: Critical injuries after head-on crash Three people were hospitalised after a head-on crash in Mannibidar yesterday. Read more. Fiskville replacement finally secured Land for a new Ballan-based fire training site has been secured more than two years after the toxic Fiskville CFA facility was shut down. Read more. Special Mother's Day arrivals A baby boom had three Ballarat families celebrate Mother’s Day with the arrival of newborns on Sunday. Read more. New Ballarat laws coming for derelict building owners Derelict and rundown buildings are set for a shake-up when Ballarat City Council considers new laws to enforce responsible ownership of empty properties. Read more. Boom gate damage leads to train delays A car crashed into a boom gate at a Dunnstown level crossing, causing the gate to fall onto the track and leading to service delays. Read more. Weather Mostly sunny and a top of 15 degrees. State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. The story Ballarat breakfast report | Monday, March 15, 2017 first appeared on The Courier. Latest News No set date for Wendouree centre works Miners to miss weekend games to play in China Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase Haul of medals won at championships Appeal for the basics Editor's Picks Get #homesafe this Christmas Popular Body in focus at art gallery Man’s thinking unusual and odd Guernsey tells a story PHOTOS: Colourful walkathon for charity Kinders push for funding to continue Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Police use tyre spikes to end frantic car chase The chase lasted about 250 kilometres. Watch the moment two hikers find a massive snake Two Victorian women got the fright of their life when they crossed paths with a two metre tiger ... Fairfax Front Pages: Monday, May 15, 2017 NATIONAL: The Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Ballarat Weekend in Sport Photos | May 13 & 14, 2017 Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Brekkie Blog | Monday, May 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7:16 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. North-West weather A high pressure system just west of Tasmania currently extends a ridge near the south which will remain in place for much of this week, with the high expected to move over the south of the state today and remain stationary tomorrow. A low over the Bight will change the orientation of the ridge on Wednesday, as the high move just northeast of the state and another high moves well south of the Bight. The second high will become dominant on Thursday as it moves just southwest of the state, while the low dissipates near Adelaide. North-West news ► A leadership development program is empowering Tasmanians to enact positive change within their communities. Dudley Billing, a youth and community worker for Rural Health Tasmania, is one of 24 people across Tasmania involved in the Emerging Community Leaders program. Read more. ► When deadly bushfires broke out in Tasmania in January 2016, Noel Bye did what he’s done all his life: help people. The 81-year-old spent more than 180 hours driving support vehicles as part of the State Emergency Services’ (SES) bushfire effort. Read more. ► The inaugural Mother’s Day High Tea at the Devonport Racing Club was reported as a success by Devonport Racing Club committee member Vanessa Skipworth. The event was attended by people of all ages from across the Coast. Ms Skipworth said the first ever Devonport Racing Club committee event was very well received. Read more. State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. Latest News Clear water at Rosebery Poppies make come back Llewellyn set to retire Do you get enough sleep? | Poll Toddler dies after ‘tragic accident’ Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Weekend sport, May 13 and 14 | pictures, photos Did you play sport over the weekend of May 13 and 14? People, places and babies | May 15 Take a look through this week's social photos. Mersey Valley Tour day three Mersey Valley Tour day one Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport AFL National Sport NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Features Local Business Listings Competitions Special Publications & Features eEdition Forms sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Explore Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday May 15, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode On the go Bendigo | Monday, May 15, 2017 15 May 2017, 7 a.m. Your news snapshot from across regional Australia and beyond. Today's Instagram #picoftheday is by @leesiloo22 - tag your weather pics #bendigoweather and we'll feature the best ones here. Happy Monday, everyone! A mostly sunny day ahead – Bendigo 17, Maryborough 17, Castlemaine 17, Redesdale 18, and Echuca 18. Catch up on news here: Metro patronage doubles at Eaglehawk and Epsom Patronage on the Bendigo Metro rail network has more than doubled at Epsom and Eaglehawk since the project began at the start of last year, government figures show. More here. Parking fines down, but revenue up The City of Greater Bendigo expects to rake in more than $1 million from parking fines across the municipality next financial year after raising the minimum fine from $45 to $50. More here. Thrilling inter-league match fails to win joy for Bendigo Bendigo has again stumbled at the inter-league hurdle that is Ballarat, losing to its fierce rivals for the third time in the past five years on Saturday. More here. Bendigo does it for mum at Mother’s Day Classic | Photos, video Sunday’s Mother’s Day Classic was as popular as ever in its ninth year in Bendigo, with an estimated 1500 participants from across the region joining the fight to eliminate breast cancer. More here. MORE BENDIGO NEWS, CLICK HERE State of the nation Need a national news snapshot first thing – well, we have you covered.  ► NEWCASTLE, NSW:  So light it can be attached with velcro, so sensitive it can pick up moonlight and faster to produce than any other form of renewable energy.  Welcome to the future of solar power – and it’s being pioneered right here in our own backyard. ► BALLARAT, VIC: Thousands of random images capturing fragments of life highlight one clergy abuse survivor’s pathway to healing and understanding his world. Peter Blenkiron’s photographic exhibition, consisting of images taken through the lens of his smartphone during more than a decade, resonated deeply with Archibald Prize finalist Daniel Butterworth. When the acclaimed artist viewed Mr Blenkiron’s photo essay in 2016, he immediately felt an onslaught of emotion. ► ILLAWARRA, NSW: It wasn’t a coincidence Illawarra’s federal and state MP’s chose to meet outside Warrawong High School to vent their frustration at the so-called Gonski 2.0 plan. Armed with Freedom of Information (FoI) statistics revealing the region’s public schools will cop a $54.3 million cut over the next two years, the Labor politicians on Friday wowed to fight ‘’tooth and nail’  to make sure Malcolm Turnbull honoured the original Gonski funding agreement. ► MANDURAH, WA: The fate of an iconic Mandurah tourism park left abandoned for years may be known soon. Part of the former Castle Fun Park site, on the corner of Old Coast Road and Leisure Way in Halls Head, has gone on the market, zoned for residential development. ► BATHURST, NSW: Chicken broth and stock – Bathurst residents have had a few choice words to describe what is coming out of their water taps lately. Residents across Bathurst have complained about discoloured water, while others said their water smelt like chemicals. ► WARRNAMBOOL, VIC: The deaths of 10 out of 11 endangered hooded plover chicks born along a beach popular with racehorse trainers over the past season has angered a local environmental group. ► HUNTER, NSW: The public-private partnership is “a failed model” for hospitals in NSW and the Lower Hunter needs to ensure its new facility is kept in public hands, Maitland MP Jenny Aitchison says. National news  ► Kate Neville has spent much of her life worrying about severe food allergies, but the worrying eased a little after she grew out of egg and milk allergies at the age of 12. Peanut, cashew and pistachio allergies persist, but for Ms Neville, the ability to enjoy eggs and milk has opened up a world of opportunities. Nearly two-thirds of children will outgrow their food allergy by their fourth birthday, but Australian food allergy rates are still some of the highest in the world, new research shows.. ► Prominent underworld figure Toby Mitchell will spend another six months behind bars, but Fairfax Media is prevented from revealing the reasons for his new sentence. The ex-Bandidos enforcer was just weeks from completing a 20-month term for drug and weapon offences when the additional term was imposed. ► Voters have given a big tick of approval to four key measures unveiled in Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison's second budget, according to a Fairfax-Ipsos poll. The four measures tested with voters were a tax increase for Australia's five largest banks, a 0.5 per cent rise in the Medicare levy linked to funding the National Disability Insurance Scheme, an $18.6 billion, 10-year increase in school funding and a boost to infrastructure spending funded by a larger national debt. ► Two refugees under Australia's care in Nauru are desperately seeking medical evacuations to Australia to escape a health regime that a government-contracted doctor on the island has admitted is "broken". The men, respectively suffering debilitating headaches and a severe anal fistula, have been unable to secure medical transfers and are being told their fate is in the hands of the government of Nauru. National weather radar  International news  ► North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Sunday that flew 700 kilometres, South Korea's military said. Australia immediately condemned the launch as "reckless and provocative" and said it would fuel regional and global instability. ► Two days before starting a hunger strike alongside over 1000 Palestinian prisoners, Marwan Barghouti was in good spirits. "Marwan would go out for small runs in the jail every morning with other prisoners and he was at his best physically and mentally before going on hunger strike," his lawyer and longtime friend Elias Sabbagh told Fairfax Media. The strike, called by Barghouti to protest the conditions in which Palestinians are held and the use of administrative detention by Israeli military courts in the occupied territories, is now entering its fourth week.  ► So ferocious is the commentary on Donald Trump's sacking of FBI director James Comey – the sacking itself, as much as its ham-fisted spinning by punch-drunk Trump aides – that the underlying reasons for so much gnashing of teeth are lost. Think about this: the FBI is supposed to be at arm's length from the political process, so that it can get on with its job free from political interference. But in this case the politician at the centre of one of the agency's most sensitive investigations has unilaterally sacked the man who was overseeing a supposedly independent investigation. On this day 1940: On this day 76 years ago, Richard and Maurice McDonald opened a barbecue restaurant in California. Now, McDonald’s is an internationally recognised fast food chain that serves about 68 million customers daily. It is the world’s second-largest private employer, behind Walmart. But not all Maccas are created equally – watch as Americans try Aussie McDonald’s for the first time here: Faces of Australia: Holly Conroy FOR one of Wagga’s most open transgender women, finding her place in the world has been a life-long struggle.  Formerly known as David, Holly Conroy revealed her true self to family and friends in a shock Facebook post, in early 2016.  While the revelation was the first time some of those closest to Holly had heard the news she said she had felt “trapped” in her body since she was just 12 years old.  It was a long journey for Ms Conroy, who attempted to come out more than 10 years ago, after spending her childhood secretly cutting off her denim shorts into a skirt.  “I expected to lose friends but now that I’ve come out I actually have more,” Ms Conroy said. Read more. News Scam reports on the increase ‘Shitbox’ to rally to the top end Rekindling tradition | Photos, video Man fined for spitting in ex-girlfriend’s face Zane East wanted on warrants Editor's Picks Bendigo Thunder v North Bendigo | Photos Bendigo babies Friday Flashbacks – sport in Bendigo, May 2005 | Photos Moon shines bright over region Bendigo Business Excellence finalists announced | Photos Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive ‘Shitbox’ to rally to the top end Sonia Sharkey and Kirsty Murray are raising money for cancer research, one kilometre at a time. Bendigo Thunder v North Bendigo | Photos Photo gallery from the Northern Country Women's League game at Weeroona Oval. Geelong maintains its status as No.1 league All the weekend inter-league results from across the state and AFL Victoria's new rankings. Bendigo does it for mum at Mother’s Day Classic | Photos, video Runners and walkers turn out in their hundreds to work towards the goal of eliminating breast cancer. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Multimedia Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Front Page News Local News National Regional Focus Latest News Addy Insider State Property Sport Local Sport National Sport Junior Sport Footy HQ Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Opinion Letters Polls National Opinion Community Competitions Weddings Babies Pets Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Entertainment Life & Style Arts Weekend Planner TV Guide Classifieds Jobs Cars Notices Real Estate Place a Classifieds Ad Find Local Products & Services Photo Sales Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Indonesian seafood enforcer blows up illegal fishing boats Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on May 14, 2017 at 3:11 PM, updated May 14, 2017 at 3:12 PM comments WASHINGTON -- A high school dropout turned seafood entrepreneur is leading Indonesia's crackdown on illegal fishing, winning plaudits from conservationists and awards as far away as Washington despite her explosive methods. A favorite tactic is seizing foreign fishing vessels and then blowing up the empty boats into smithereens to send a message to her country's neighbors. Susi Pudjiastuti, honored this week in Washington for her ecological work, has led the charge in destroying hundreds of fishing vessels in the past two years as the Indonesian government's minister for maritime affairs and fisheries. Her efforts haven't eliminated a problem that has plagued the archipelago nation for decades, she said, but they have boosted fish stocks and curbed smuggling. Catches of anchovies, king prawns and yellow fin tuna are up, helping local fishermen and reducing food prices, Pudjiastuti said. "What we actually earn also is respect," Pudjiastuti said in the American capital, where she joined other recipients of the annual Peter Benchley Ocean Awards -- named for the author of "Jaws." She was cited for her efforts in protecting Indonesia's marine ecosystem, and tackling poachers and organized crime. "They cannot just do anything anymore," Pudjiastuti added. Whereas 10,000 foreign vessels used to fish in Indonesian waters "like in their own country," she said the new reality was clear: "Not anymore." For China and others in the region, sensitive politics also are at play. Indonesia's uncompromising approach has irked neighbors whose boats have been caught up in the dragnet for operating in seas plagued by territorial disputes. The campaign may partly reflect Indonesia's desire to show it is in control of its vast territory of 17,000 islands. Pudjiastuti, 52, has won popularity at home as the campaign's leader, defying initial skepticism when she was tapped as minister in 2014. She had no political experience and hadn't even graduated high school. But she spent three decades as a seafood entrepreneur and knew the business. She also had run her own charter airline, Susi Air, to distribute and export produce. On taking office, she quickly declared a fishing moratorium for foreign vessels that had often operated under Indonesian flags. "The state's sovereignty has to be upheld," she declared. And to ram the point home, Indonesian authorities have sunk more than 300 foreign fishing vessels. In the most recent mass-destruction in early April, Indonesian authorities destroyed 81 empty ships in a single weekend. Most were from Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia and Thailand. In March 2016, a large Nigerian-flagged vessel was caught poaching toothfish and, after being evacuated, blown up with great fanfare. Pudjiastuti posed on the beach afterward with navy officials, their fists raised in the air with the smoking boat behind them. "The visuals and press that comes from her tough practices on blowing these ships up has really helped educate the world," said Sally Yozell, director of the environmental security program at Washington's Stimson Center think tank, speaking of the global scourge of overfishing. She recognized, however, the regional frictions of the campaign, which included several incidents last year of Indonesia firing warning shots and seizing Chinese fishing vessels in waters off its Natuna islands. Pudjiastuti also acknowledged some tensions. She said she briefed ambassadors of neighboring countries, including China, before the crackdown and sought support. "Poaching is not a part of good bilateral relations," she said Friday at the Stimson Center. Indonesian authorities have another 100 seized fishing vessels waiting to be destroying and they are impounding another dozen or so each week, she said. Few are Chinese fishing vessels, which are bigger, faster and often accompanied by the nation's coast guard, making it harder to police their activities, she added. The United States and Australia are providing support to Indonesia, including satellite technology to help surveillance of waters. Indonesia hopes for Japanese technical help, too. Indonesia isn't among the half-dozen governments contesting control of reefs and islands in the South China Sea, an emerging Asian flashpoint. But it has reason to be wary of China's claims. The so-called nine-dash line that Beijing uses to demarcate its expansive territorial claims extends into Indonesia's internationally-recognized exclusive economic zone, or EEZ, that extends 200 nautical miles off its coast. Pudjiastuti said she is less concerned over the subtleties over Indonesia's stance than her diplomat colleagues. "For me it's more clear. Once it's in my EEZ, that's my fish," she said. Her moratorium on foreign fishing vessels ended up playing a pivotal role in The Associated Press' "Seafood from Slaves" investigation, which in 2015 helped to free more than 2,000 foreign fishermen enslaved in Indonesia. The AP found their seafood was bound for consumers in the U.S. and other countries, tainting the supply chains of major companies and pet food brands including Wal-Mart, Sysco and Kroger, Fancy Feast and Iams. The moratorium grounded fishing boats that normally would have been almost constantly at sea, giving AP reporters the opportunity to first speak to enslaved fishermen on the remote Indonesian island of Benjina. Once the story was published, Pudjiastuti quickly dispatched a task force to Benjina, rescuing hundreds of abused workers mostly from Myanmar and Cambodia. In a moderate Muslim-majority country, where religious conservatives have growing political clout, Pudjiastuti has defied conventional gender roles. She's divorced, smokes and has a tattoo. She even inspired a character in one of Japan's most reputed manga comic books, "Golgo 13." In one strip, a woman in a beret and sunglasses had an unmistakable resemblance to Pudjiastuti. She was depicted overseeing the destruction of fishing boats, blown asunder with a "BOOM." ____ Story by Matthew Pennington, Associated Press. Associated Press writer Margie Mason contributed to this report. Louisiana coastal restoration A glossary of key terms oceans of trouble 1996 Pulitzer Prize-winning series Oceans of Trouble: Are the world's fisheries doomed? From March 24 to 31, 1996, The Times-Picayune told the story of the struggle of the world's fishers against multiple threats of pollution, overfishing and habitat loss. Most Read midday extra Top stories from the morning delivered to your inbox each afternoon. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Environment in-depth BP Oil Spill trial Mark Schleifstein, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune SPECIAL PROJECTS: Plaquemines Parish: Land and Loss Louisiana Seafood after BP oil spill Upgraded metro New Orleans levees will greatly reduce flooding, even in 500-year storms Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Floods, food recalls and flying: CBC's Marketplace consumer cheat sheet Plus, updates to Marketplace investigations: Toxic jewelry, homeopathic remedies and ticket bots CBC News Posted: May 14, 2017 9:00 AM ET Last Updated: May 14, 2017 9:00 AM ET Homes across Canada are being damaged by flood waters. We put your flood-related questions to an insurance expert. (Jason Viau/CBC) Related Stories 7 things you need to know before your basement turns into a bathtub Mom fired up after she says sunscreen — not sun — burned her baby Air Canada and WestJet score poorly on ranking of airline customer satisfaction Canadians want crackdown on ticket reselling and bots: poll How Canada sucks at reducing food waste If you've been too busy to follow the consumer news this week, here's our cheat sheet. And you can get the Marketplace newsletter in your inbox every week. Your house flooded. You're covered, right? You might not be. This week's brutally wet weather and floods destroyed homes and left many unsure of what to do next. And it gets worse. Some home insurance policies don't include flood insurance. It's an add-on. But why? We put your flood-related questions to an insurance expert to help you navigate the waters. This week in what not to eat Maple Leaf Chicken Breast Strips have been recalled. (Canadian Food Inspection Agency) This week in food recalls: Carnivores be warned. Check your freezer if you think you might have pre-packaged chicken strips or burgers inside. And before you cook ground beef or veal in Ontario, check this list. Your pooch could be affected too: These pig ear dog treats could be contaminated with salmonella. Heads up, parents Costco has pulled Pekkle brand sleepers from its stores following an incident where a snap came loose and scratched a baby. (Pekkle) Here are some warnings for those with wee ones: A mom blames the sunscreen, not the sun, for her baby's second-degree burn. And Costco pulled popular Pekkle pyjamas from store shelves after a parent complained a snap detached from a sleeper and scratched a child's skin. Plus, heard of fidget toys? The spinning, buzzing devices might be hurting rather than helping. This week in airline woes Airlines in the United States scored higher than Canadian airlines in passenger satisfaction in a survey from market research firm J.D. Power. (Luke MacGregor/Reuters) Canadian airlines are falling behind their U.S. counterparts when it comes to passenger satisfaction. This week in bad trips: Air Canada is breaking up with Aeroplan in favour of its own loyalty program. But not everyone's feeling the loyalty. This teen says he was trapped overnight in an airport with no help. Marketplace: Updates to our investigations Get the lead out: After our investigation on cadmium in jewelry, Ardene vowed stricter monitoring to keep toxic metals out of its products. But a Health Canada spot check found lead in some Ardene necklaces, prompting a national recall. How homeopathic products are labelled: After our story on homeopathic kids' remedies prompted Health Canada to change the rules, we checked those store shelves again. Despite the new rules, not much has changed. Fans vs. robots: We investigated ticket bots last year, and how they screw you out of good seats for your favourite shows. A new poll says you're fed up and want the government to make them illegal. Food waste: How much food do supermarkets throw away? Food Waste22:31 David Common goes dumpster-diving at Walmart (really) to reveal how much food big companies throw away. In Canada, $31 billion worth of food ends up in landfills or composters each year. But we still don't have a national food waste policy. Watch the episode on TV or online. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch May 14, 10:17 AM ET read comments video Floods, food recalls and flying: CBC's Marketplace consumer cheat sheet May 14, 9:00 AM ET video A secretive Silicon Valley tech giant set up shop in Canada. But what does it do? May 14, 1:18 PM ET Rise of the veggie snack pack: How marketers are selling fresh produce to kids May 13, 5:00 AM ET read comments How Ontario is tackling U.S. protectionism in a Trump era May 13, 5:00 AM ET read comments Must Watch Video Cyberattack 7:27 Jerome Segura, lead malware intelligence analyst at Malwarebytes, on keeping hospitals safe Video Buying in 6:15 Helen Wang on Chinese millennials using social media to buy properties overseas Video Different playing field 6:15 Sunil Johal on services headquartered abroad and accessible here in Canada, but not necessarily subject to our laws or regulations Video Tech diversity 6:27 Paolo Gaudiano, founder and CEO at Aleria, on why diversity targets are futile, and why we should first focus on performance Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 15, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 15, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 15, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 15, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 15, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15537.88 -12.67 DOW 20896.61 -22.81 NASDAQ 6121.23 5.27 SP 500 2390.90 -3.54 TSX-VENTURE 793.64 5.26 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch read comments video 'Appalling': Woman bumped from Air Canada flight misses $10,000 Galapagos cruise read comments Why airlines overbook flights and what bumped passengers can do about it read comments Floods, food recalls and flying: CBC's Marketplace consumer cheat sheet video Aimia shares crash after Air Canada parts ways with Aeroplan loyalty program read comments video Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss Analysis While ratings agencies watch Canadian banks, we should watch them: Don Pittis It's time to plan your 2020 choice: Aeroplan or Air Canada's new loyalty program? Marijuana startups get new funding from 'streaming' deals Analysis Home Capital investors are victims of Canadian real estate uncertainty: Don Pittis CBC Investigates Millions in suspected Russian crime proceeds flowed through Canadian banks, companies Analysis U.S. businesses wary of falling behind in climate tech: Don Pittis French's catches up to patriotic demand with all-Canadian ketchup Analysis The Handmaid's Tale and the economics of apocalyptic fiction: Don Pittis Extra cellphone charges like data block and activation fees under fire Care of aging parents costs Canadians an estimated $33B annually Canadian startup Reebee taking retail flyers into the digital age Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 18 Best Apps to Make Money in 2017 Josh Smith05/04/2017 These are the best apps to make money in 2017. You can use these Android and iPhone apps to make money on the side while you shop for groceries, run errands and wait in lines. Some of these apps will even help you make money from home. You need to watch out for catches, but there isn’t a catch with these options. When you use one of the best apps to make money you can help pad your wallet, fund your movie watching and even pay for a dinner out. Some of the best apps to make money on the side will pay you in cash, normally via PayPal. Others will offer rewards and points that you can redeem for gift certificates or airline miles. In addition to making money, you should check out the best apps to save money. The best apps to make money on your iPhone or Android. Every money making app on this list does let you earn money, but you will need to earn a minimum before you cash out in many cases. iBotta Pact Google Opinion Rewards eBates Gig Walk Offer Up Mercari Foap Clashot Shopkick Fronto SlideJoy Mobee Task Rabbit Uber Lyft Upwork Indeed We’ve earned over $100 with one of the money making apps, a neighbor earned almost $300 just by working out and with another our family already has $30 in just over a month. With at least half of these options, you will find legitimate ways to make money from home using your smartphone. These quick ways to make money from home won’t completely replace your income, but you can definitely make an impact and help earn money at home. You can use the best budget apps to stretch this additional cash even further. We are on the lookout for any scams that promise you a fast way to use an app to make money, which is why this list is limited. If you go looking further, be on the lookout for any apps that promise too much money too fast or ask you for too much personal information. You can download these money making apps on iPhone and Android for free, without any fees to get started. iBotta - Make Money While You Shop   1 / 14 With iBotta you can make money while you shop. This is especially useful for grocery shopping and you can earn cash or gift cards. After spending just over a month Patty Smith already has $30.10 in rewards. She told Gotta Be Mobile, "Ibotta relieves some of the pain of doing groceries." You can unlock cash rewards by completing some tasks at home and they you can buy the products at a supported store and send a photo of your receipt to the app. There are 241 supported stores including Walmart, Target, Kroger, Publix, Walgreens, CVS and many others. Within 48 hours you'll have the money deposited in your account. You can also link a loyalty account to earn rewards when you shop. Finally, there are options to make money in the app when you make in app purchases through Groupon, Boxed, DoorDash and others. Download iBotta for iPhone and Android today to get started.   1 / 14 27 Responses 01/13/2017 osama Reply I have worked at SwagBucks for 2 months , when I requested my money (aftre many attempts) I get DEACTIVATED ACCOUNT . So I am now using GrabPoints app in my Mobile , I have get many successful deposits in my PayPal account . it is worldwide , trusty and guaranteed app , international works in all countries . Get #free gift cards with #GrabPoints! Start with 500 points with my invite code – ICZVNS. http://pb.grabpoints.com/site/?a=other_share 02/01/2017 James Reply Join Fronto to earn money on your phone. Enter ‘pennycash’ to get 1,250 Points when you sign up. https://app.adjust.com/3rpb8a 02/10/2017 Ajay Kumar Reply I Used Cashpirate app & i got successfull deposits in my account. use the referral code: PYJWUS to get 500 points at signup. Link to the app: http://bit.ly/2kt4le6 02/18/2017 lydia Reply I use this app for 2 day and get $10 payout with paypal, try, and get cash every minute, https://goo.gl/ql7IeI 02/19/2017 ABDO Reply DO YOU KNOW APPLIKE I MAKE WITH THIS APP 25 EURO IN 10 DAYS ITS THE BEST APP FOR THE MOMENT INSTALL APP FROM HERE https://goo.gl/tvJgjy AND YOU WILL BE A FRIEND WITH ME SO YOU WILL EARN 25% FROM MY EARNING AND ME TOO WILL EARN 25% FROM YOUR EARNING FOREVER AFTER REGISTER YOU WILL RICIEVE 4444 COINS AS BONUS 4999 COIN = 0.5 EURO = MIN CASH OUT YOU CAN CASH OUT TODAY 02/23/2017 Maria Reply Hi, I have a blog in case you want to see it: https://dondineritoito.blogspot.com.es/ 02/28/2017 Bentley Reply Swagbucks is my all time favorite, they also have a app. Join now with my link http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/CJBentley86 03/02/2017 Albert Reply This app is the best app to make money from on your phone! just download games and play each one for 2 min. and you get points! you can redeem these points for all types of gift cards, paypal money, etc. download now!- http://featu.re/QKNK8M use my code QKNK8M to get 50 point bonus. 03/04/2017 mvr1018 Reply Hi guys.. Do you want to earn $5/day or more(depends on your effort)..Visit my website for more info, tips and payment proof. Click here: http://www.wowapp-mvr1018.blogspot.com 03/10/2017 Money Squid Reply Hey Guys! Money Squid here. Number 1 is my favorite on the list, if you want to know the top 5 guaranteed money making apps for 2017 check out this top 5 youtube vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXeENkcDdNQ 03/19/2017 rahul Reply Earn using qumee app of chrome read complete guide on http://tricksrefresher.com 03/21/2017 Karan Reply Sri Gangngar 03/22/2017 tapon Reply Many thanks to You that you share with us, has published a great article. I really, really super happy with your work. However, Thank you again for your work will wait for the next great writing. Computer Technology Blog. 03/22/2017 Rahul Yadav Reply Awesome article.I was not aware about money making apps. Learned something fresh. Thanks and expecting a lot in future. 03/24/2017 pranjit Reply ONLINE JOB *PART TIME JOB FOR FACEBOOK AND WHATSAPP EXPERT* Salary:- 10000 to 35000 *No Registration Fees* ∆ *no joining fees* ∆ *goverment registetred company* *MCA : CIN NO:* *U72200MH2016TC269143* *PAN NO:- AABCW7095F* ∆ *100 – 1500 per day* ∆ *no hard work only smart work* ● Install “weone” Google Play Store ●Sign up with weone. ●Enter moblie number & self Security code ●Reffer :- *vi6eg* (website- http://www.weoneinfo.com) **work start 9th April (world wide job) Help Line no./What’s app no. *+ 917399463117* 03/24/2017 pranjit Reply ON LINE JOB *PART TIME JOB FOR FACEBOOK AND WHATSAPP EXPERT* Salary:- 10000 to 35000 *No Registration Fees* ∆ *no joining fees* ∆ *goverment registetred company* *MCA : CIN NO:* *U72200MH2016TC269143* *PAN NO:- AABCW7095F* ∆ *100 – 1500 per day* ∆ *no hard work only smart work* ● Install “weone” Google Play Store ●Sign up with weone. ●Enter moblie number & self Security code ●Reffer :- *vi6eg* (website- http://www.weoneinfo.com) **work start 9th April (world wide job) Help Line no./What’s app no. *+ 918753975712* 03/27/2017 Angel Reply Win cash watching fun quick videos. Download Jinglz: https://bnpo.app.link/1bozA9vyqt?r=lo8h7 03/30/2017 Pavan kumar Reply I am from India please tell me that is their any real money making apps in india to get real apps. 03/30/2017 Pavan kumar Reply I am from India please tell me that is their any real money making apps in india to get real apps. Please reply me soon 03/30/2017 Pavan kumar Reply I am from India please tell me that can i use the others country apps any make money from that and convert that in to India currency. Please reply me as soon as possible. 04/03/2017 Christ Reply Very interesting…But I know there are still a lot more out there… Thanks for the list… 04/10/2017 Brandon Reply If you haven’t checked out SweatCOIN you need to! It’s a new app that pays you just for walking everyday. CRAZY! Go download it here: http://sweatco.in/i/enjoybrandon I’ve already earned a ton with it! 04/20/2017 Mujahid Reply Hey, I know one App which is an AppLock for Android. It pays back to user’s for just locking App’s . It’s an amazing concept, Now why to use the Applocks which doesn’t pay? Lolz Try it I bet you will amazed https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smartfoxitsolutions.lockup 04/26/2017 example Reply This is my first time pay a visit at here and i am actually happy to read all at single place. 05/02/2017 Zahir Reply https://www.pointsprizes.com/ref/99679 New website to earn money 3000 points = $20 Paypal Legit 100% 05/08/2017 John SausageingSling Reply This app used to ask your opinion 4 to 6 times a day .. the surveys were only 1 to4 question servevy, then Paying your google account immediately… so you legitimately can spend it as fast as you earn…. the days of receiving questions in intervals of 4 to 6 times a days are gone once a week. This app just takes up space on your phone now I’ve had it in my phone and haven’t had a question and over 10 days… literally went from being one of the best apps to the worst app in my opinion 05/13/2017 Sumit Reply I have found another similar app which is newly launched and does pay. I’m using it and got my first payment. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ifreecash.client Do checkout. There is content running over there. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Amtrak Crash TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 7:03 am ET Most Moms Are Too Busy to Buy Mother’s Day Gifts for Their Own Mom by Nicole Spector Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Got kids? You may be less likely to splurge on your own mom this Mother's Day. A new survey by DealNews found that people with children are actually less inclined to buy gifts for their parents on Mother's Day: 44 percent of parents will buy their mom a gift this Mother's Day, as opposed to 56 percent of consumers sans kids. Consumers showed similar thinking when it came to Father's Day: 28 percent of people with children will buy a gift for their dad, compared with 39 percent of consumers without kids. Floral designer Desarae Terrazas places a rose into a Mother’s Day arrangement. Robin Zielinski / AP The survey consulted 650 DealNews readers. Fifty-one percent were male, 47 percent were female, and 2 percent did not disclose their gender, Heather Lovett, a spokesperson for DealNews confirmed to NBC News. "We were struck by the clear division in behavior between those with children and without," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor with DealNews. "It's not surprising at all when you think about it, it's just a stark difference in the numbers." Love Ya Mom, But We've Got Our Own Kids to Handle Glaser reasons that when you have kids of your own, your attention shifts from your parents to them. And practically speaking, "there may not be enough time, money, or focus to get a gift and/or plan a Mother's Day celebration for both the mother of your child, and your own mother." Anna Lane, author of the blog Misadventures in Motherhood and the mother of two young kids, still gets the moms in her life a gift for Mother's Day — but it's definitely become less of a priority. "In the days before I had kids, I spent a lot of time carefully picking out individual personalized gifts for all the mothers in my life, but that was back when I had the luxury of time for things like showering and driving to 10 different stores in search of the perfect ecru-colored vase," Lane told NBC News. "Oh, and I wasn't paying for preschool and food for two kids, so I had a heck of a lot more cash to spend on stuff like room spray and pajamas." Mom Doesn't Want More Stuff But it's not just time and money holding Lane back from splurging. She also has a more informed opinion of what her mom actually wants (or more pointedly, what she doesn't want), now that she herself is a mother. "I have a new understanding of why my mom always told me she didn't need any more 'stuff,'" said Lane. "I spend half my time trying to get rid of all the clutter that clogs my house, so the last thing I need is more tchotchkes to dust or give away. This year I'm just going the easy route and buying every mom in my life a gift certificate to Drybar, because everyone loves a good blowout and it means Mom will get what she wants most of all: alone time." Erin Zavala, a mother of two based in Los Angeles, has made a similar observation of her own mom and what she genuinely wants of the holiday. Related: Guilt-Free Brunch Recipes for Mother's Day "Before kids I would force a Mother's Day celebration on my mom," said Zavala. "She always says she wants sleep. Now I get it. I just want sleep too." Rafael Lena, who has one young son and lives in New York City, has also stopping buying stuff for his folks on Mother's and Father's Day. "I am much more inclined to [invest in] events — like dinner, a play, or a concert," said Lena. "Something that takes up a few hours and not much brainpower so that I don't really have to think about what to get, and can return to trying to remember to give my kid a second dose of amoxicillin." Like Lane, Lena has also learned that his parents prefer quality time over gifted products. "My mom usually gets a Mets game for Mother's Day, and my dad usually gets a play for Father's Day," said Lena. "It's the few hours of uninterrupted time that my parents prize rather than a physical gift at this point — and thankfully, that wish nicely aligns with my responsibilities as a dad." Play Facebook Twitter Embed Mother's Day Scam Spreading on Social Media 1:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/940028483960" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> For Some Parents, It's the Opposite But there are those parents who, now realizing the challenges of raising children, are more inspired to make a big deal of these holidays — and put more effort into purchasing the ideal present. "Something about being a mom now makes me understand the importance of the holiday, and, while I'm not big on material gifts, I like the idea of [my mom] having something useful that will make her think of me," said Simone Gorrindo, a new mom who lives in Washington. "I usually send her flowers or a card, but this year, I'm getting her a Fitbit, which I know she wants." Juan Martinez is on the same page. The Brooklyn-based father said that he's more invested in Mother's and Father's Day since becoming a dad. "I'm more inclined to shop for them now that I have a baby, to be honest," Martinez said. "I don't know where I'd be without their help. They've taken some of the incredible burden off of my shoulders by doing things like picking my daughter up from daycare when my wife and I work late, taking her overnight when my wife and I need a date night, even helping with housework whenever our apartment is a mess and we're too busy potty-training to tidy up. Nothing makes you appreciate your parents more than becoming a parent yourself." Mindy Wells Hoffbauer, an Ohio-based mother of two grown kids dreams of the day when her children will finally accept that she "doesn't need anything else," and that they shouldn't stress over what to get her. All she really wants, she adds, is to have dinner with them. And as for her own parents? "I used to make a fuss about getting them something memorable, but now they're lucky if I think to send them something from Amazon (without a note)." Affordable, Convenient Options for Mom If you're one of those parents who wants to get something nice for your mom this Mother's Day, but are busy with your own kids, or merely tight on time and money, consider some tips from shopping experts. Kendal Perez, saving experts for CouponSherpa, suggests buying a gift that mom can redeem after the holiday, when some of the chaos has died down. "Since moms are busy on Mother's Day proper, a gift that's redeemable after Mother's Day will be appreciated," said Perez. "Plus, it gives moms something else to look forward to, essentially extending the Mother's Day festivities: Concert tickets, spa days and even restaurant reservations make for great post-Mother's Day gifts because you avoid holiday markups." Perez also recommends scoping out the latest online deals geared at Mother's Day. "Consider signing up for a free trial of Amazon Prime to nab two-day shipping on the Echo or latest Fire device, both of which are discounted just for Mother's Day," said Perez. "You can also shop Walmart's free two-day shipping-eligible items including gourmet gift baskets and beauty products." If you want to take mom out on Sunday, check out some venues offering discounts for the holiday. "On Mother's Day, get $5 off any family meal purchase at Boston Market for four or more with this coupon," said Courtney Jespersen, retail expert at NerdWallet. "At Mimi's Café on Mother's Day, get a free take-home gift and a free entree offer for use on your next visit with purchase. At Spaghetti Warehouse, get spaghetti and meatballs packaged to go with purchase of a Mother's Day meal." Brent Shelton, online shopping expert at FatWallet, suggests poking through the latest deals on LivingSocial and Groupon, as well as signing up with eBates to get more bang for your buck. "Ebates.com right now is pretty advantageous since they are coinciding their anniversary sale with Mother's Day and offering 15 percent cash back from more than 200 retailers," said Shelton. And of course, you don't need to be a parent to enjoy these deals. After all, it's not just moms and dads who are keen on savings! Nicole Spector Topic Consumer First Published May 11 2017, 7:03 am ET Next Story Stop Right Now! Only 4 Percent of Moms Want Breakfast in Bed advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
