SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY More Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest CRIME ROUNDUP: Teen knocked out, robbed near Walmart Police make arrests around the region. Post to Facebook CRIME ROUNDUP: Teen knocked out, robbed near Walmart Police make arrests around the region.  Check out this story on pressconnects.com: http://press.sn/2d6MsSl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. CRIME ROUNDUP: Teen knocked out, robbed near Walmart Anthony Borrelli , aborrelli@pressconnects.com | @PSBABorrelli 6:32 p.m. EDT September 16, 2016 Closed handcuffs on a wooden background (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Police say two assailants knocked out a teenager near a Walmart in Cortland County and then robbed him of his cellphone. Cortland County Sheriff's deputies responded at 9:46 p.m. Thursday for the reported robbery outside the Walmart store on Bennie Road in Cortlandville. The 19-year-old victim told deputies he was walking to work at the store when he was struck in the head by two people, police said. According to police, the victim lost consciousness and awoke to feel one of the assailants trying to take his cellphone from his back pocket. Deputies received a description of the suspects from the victim, and both suspects were taken into custody in the area a short time later. One suspect, a 17-year-old boy, was charged with felony counts of second-degree robbery and fourth-degree conspiracy, along with a misdemeanor count of petit larceny and a second-degree harassment violation. Due to his age, police did not identify the 17-year-old. A second suspect, 18-year-old Dameian J. Marlow, of Onondaga Avenue in Syracuse, also was charged with felony second-degree robbery and fourth-degree conspiracy counts, as well as petit larceny and harassment. Police say both teenagers were arraigned in Cortlandville Town Court and sent to the Cortland County jail with bail set at $10,000 cash or $20,000 bond, to await further court action. Felony DWI charges A Johnson City man has been charged with felony drunken driving after a previous DWI conviction within the past decade, police said. Joel L. Wilkerson, 53, was arrested at 7:12 p.m. Sept. 10 after a traffic stop for unlicensed driving on Main Street in Johnson City, village police said. The officer knew Wilkerson did not have a driver's license due to multiple suspensions, according to police. Three female passengers, all under the age of 15, were in the vehicle while Wilkerson was operating while intoxicated, police said. Wilkerson was charged with felony counts of driving while intoxicated, driving with a blood alcohol content of 0.08 percent or greater, aggravated DWI, aggravated DWI with a blood alcohol content of 0.18 percent or greater, and first-degree aggravated unlicensed operation. He also was charged with misdemeanor counts of aggravated unlicensed operation, operating a vehicle without an interlock device, and an unlicensed operation traffic infraction. Police say Wilkerson was released to appear in Johnson City Village Court. Dispute gets violent A Freeville man is accused of punching and kicking another person, as well as preventing the victim from calling 911, state police said. Troopers arrested Samuel Crowe, 54, on Thursday after responding to a dispute on Ringwood Road in Dryden. Investigators say a verbal dispute took place, and Crowe punched and kicked the victim. Crowe was charged with a misdemeanor count of fourth-degree criminal mischief and a second-degree harassment violation. He was arraigned in Dryden Town Court and sent to the Tompkins County jail with bail set at $1,000 cash or $5,000 bond. On Twitter: Follow @PSBABorrelli PRESSCONNECTS CRIME ROUNDUP: Inmate punched jail officers, police say CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/2d6MsSl TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 More Stories Pull back the curtain on our local theater scene Nov. 18, 2016, 9:06 a.m. TIME FOR 'THE TALK'? Discussing life issues at the holiday table Nov. 18, 2016, 9:05 a.m. When the Moon was on fire in Binghamton Nov. 17, 2016, 11:25 p.m. MURDER CASE: Woman pleads not guilty in Oxford death Nov. 17, 2016, 9:57 a.m.
null
null
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Police involved in shooting at Kearny Walmart, authorities say wallmart.jpg The Walmart Supercenter in Kearny at 150 Harrison Avenue (File photo) Print Email Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal By Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal Follow on Twitter on September 16, 2016 at 2:56 PM, updated September 16, 2016 at 6:05 PM comments UPDATE: Details emerge in shooting A police shooting in the parking lot of the Walmart in Kearny drew a large law enforcement response and led to an arrest, authorities said -- but it's not clear if an officer was shot or the officer shot a suspect. In a post on Twitter, the Kearny Police Department said only that there was a "Non-fatal police-involved shooting at Walmart this morning. All suspects were quickly apprehended. Officer treated and released." There is no information at this time on the charges filed against those arrested, nor is there information of the nature of the officer's injuries and how they were sustained. "Our hearts are with the injured police officer as he recovers and we're working with detectives as they sort through their investigation," said Walmart corporate spokeswoman Leslee Wright in an email earlier today.   Officers from the Kearny Police Department and the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office responded to Walmart after the shots were fired. Kearny police have been referring all questions to the Prosecutor's Office and earlier today a spokesman for the HCPO said he had no comment.  Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Zoning board OKs car display on Wal-Mart's lot Lengthy meeting centered around whether Premier Toyota could use store's parking lot as part of a planned event in May. Post to Facebook Zoning board OKs car display on Wal-Mart's lot Lengthy meeting centered around whether Premier Toyota could use store's parking lot as part of a planned event in May.  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2d6hauZ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Zoning board OKs car display on Wal-Mart's lot Mickey Shuey , mshuey@gannett.com 5:39 p.m. EDT September 16, 2016 Buy Photo The front of Premier Toyota of Richmond, seen Friday, Sept. 16, 2016. (Photo: Mickey Shuey/Palladium-Item)Buy Photo 11 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE During one of its longest meetings in recent memory, the board of zoning appeals last week granted Premier Toyota of Richmond permission to use Wal-Mart's parking lot to display cars for a period of 10 days next May. The board spent more than 1½ hours discussing and entertaining motions for the request, made by Wal-Mart on behalf of the car dealership, which sought to use the lot for a Memorial Day sale as a location for customers to look at, but not purchase, vehicles. The sale also would include a small information and weather tent, from which representatives would distribute water to visitors. Any automotive purchases still would be conducted at the dealership — which sits about 2 miles east of Wal-Mart — according to the request filed by the companies. Each board member asked several questions of Toyota and Wal-Mart representatives present at the meeting. Generally, the questions focused on the impact the decision could have on the surrounding businesses and homes, the reasons why Toyota couldn't conduct the sale on its own property, and the potential precedent that could be set by approving the request. Toyota officials argued use of the lot would give them the ability to connect with more people and allow the dealership to display several dozen more cars than it could otherwise. "For us, it was a straightforward issue, and we thought it was a (straightforward) request," said Al Bledsoe, a representative for Toyota, following the meeting. "If you look at other communities in the region, they generally are on board with requests of this nature because it brings in people from all over." The board's advisory panel didn't make a recommendation to approve the motion because in its fact-finding it determined approval could have a negative effect on the surrounding area. The panel noted five findings, three of which were counter to what Toyota had presented in its request. For that reason, the board was required to entertain motions on each fact presented by the panel and, when necessary, state a reason for why approval would be the proper decision. If the board had agreed to use the panel's findings, the request for the variance would have been dead. Board member Benny Young said his main concern was whether more car dealerships would be inclined to make similar requests. "With the approval of this motion, could (these sales) occur every day from now on?" he said. "That was a big question we had." Young ultimately asked the board to approve the motion for use of the lot, with a stipulation that the sale not last longer than 10 consecutive days and was limited to one instance. Young said it was one of the longest board meetings in which he has participated. "I've never had one quite like this," he said. "It was certainly a (long meeting)." "We had to do our due diligence on this and make sure we were making the right decision and presenting the appropriate arguments," Young said. "It was what was necessary." Bledsoe said he was happy the board approved the motion but was surprised by how long it took to go through the process. "I'm certainly happy the board approved it and we can move forward," he said. "It was just kind of staggering how long it took. But we are certainly appreciative that they're letting us move forward." In other business The board of zoning appeals also heard, and approved, three other variance requests during its September meeting. • The Kentucky Fried Chicken/Taco Bell at 1428 National Road W. requested permission for additional signs on its property to better direct customers to the fast-food restaurant. • The board heard requests to allow for a different parking setup at an in-development multiple-family residential structure on Winding Ridge Drive. Current ordinances require a certain amount of setback from the road for parking, which the developers of the property said would be a hardship to follow. • A request to allow a dry cleaning facility at 651 N.W. Fifth St. also was presented to the board. Dry cleaners have several toxic and flammable materials and liquids that call for additional zoning considerations. The board of zoning appeals next will meet on Oct. 20 in the city council chambers. To reach Palladium-Item business reporter Mickey Shuey, call (765) 973-4472. You can follow him on Twitter via @MickeyShueyPI. 11 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2d6hauZ More Stories Go: Electric violin, comedy, crafts and more Nov. 16, 2016, 8:27 p.m. The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions Nov. 17, 2016, 6:14 p.m. Seton Catholic High School boys basketball preview Nov. 17, 2016, 7:59 p.m.
null

Read today's eNewspaper News Maryland Harford County The Aegis Man dies of self-inflicted gunshot in Aberdeen Walmart parking lot Allan VoughtContact ReporterThe Aegis Police tried to negotiate with a suicidal man but it appears he was already dead Privacy Policy Police and crisis negotiators converged on the parking lot of the Aberdeen Walmart Thursday night after receiving a report of a man in a vehicle with a gun who was threatening to harm himself. After lengthy attempts at negotiating that received no response, police moved in on the vehicle and found the occupant, age 29, was already dead. The incident began when the Harford County Sheriff's Office received a mobile phone call from that came from a man, who said he lived in the Edgewood area and was threatening to kill himself with a handgun, Aberdeen Police Department spokesperson Det. Sgt. Will Reiber said. "The vehicle was located in the Walmart parking lot, which is how we [Aberdeen Police] got involved," Reiber said. Aberdeen Police officers responded to the Walmart, in the 600 block of Philadelphia Boulevard, at 7:50 p.m. Thursday and quickly located the vehicle. Death along I-95 in Abingdon Thursday night was no accident, investigators say ALLAN VOUGHT Woman's body was found in burning SUV near Route 24 interchange Woman's body was found in burning SUV near Route 24 interchange (ALLAN VOUGHT) "They tried to create a dialogue, but the man did not respond," Reiber said. Because officers had been notified the man was armed with a handgun and thus posed a potential threat to the safety of store patrons and others in the area, a perimeter was set up around the vehicle and the Harford County Crisis Negotiation Team was called, Reiber said. Additional attempts by negotiators to establish communication with the individual were not successful, Reiber said, and the Harford County Municipal SWAT team members approached the vehicle. They determined from looking from outside the vehicle that the man inside had sustained head trauma. Reiber said the officers gave immediate medical attention but the man was already deceased. Crime scene investigators determined the man sustained a single self-inflicted gunshot wound. His body was transported to the Office of the State Medical Examiner for further examination, police said. Caption Night of Conversation David Pryor, branch director for the Edgewood Boys & Girls Club, talks about how youth members learned about the dangers of drugs during Harford County's inaugural Night of Conversation. (David Anderson) David Pryor, branch director for the Edgewood Boys & Girls Club, talks about how youth members learned about the dangers of drugs during Harford County's inaugural Night of Conversation. (David Anderson) Caption Havre de Grace football advances in playoffs Warriors move on with 48-34 victory (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Warriors move on with 48-34 victory (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Copyright © 2016, The Aegis, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Harford teams are part of a big sports weekend Parents who lost son to heroin talk to Edgewood kids Police investigating rash of liquor store robberies around Harford Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 48°
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Health Stories» Mom Sues Transgender Teen After Sex-Change Treatment Dying Teen Wins Right to Have Body Frozen A Therapy That Helps Get Never-Ending Grievers 'Unstuck' George Shultz's Grandson Behind Downfall of Theranos Surgeon General: More People Use Opioids Than Tobacco 20K People Just Trolled Mike Pence Scientists Discover New Weapon in Fight Against HIV US Cancer Patients Become Unlikely Cuban Drug Smugglers Yo-Yo Dieting Is Bad for Women's Hearts You Could Have Ebola and Not Even Know It When Teens Binge Drink, It Could Impact Their Future Kids Boys' and Girls' Brains React Totally Differently to Trauma Health / tampon Go to Grid|Next Story Mom, Daughter Buy Tampons and 'Smash the Patriarchy' Text conversation during Walmart shopping trip goes viral By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Sep 15, 2016 5:15 PM CDT 115 comments Comments    (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli,File) (Newser) – People are singing the praises of an Arkansas mother and daughter who turned a trip to Walmart to buy tampons into an opportunity to "destroy menstruation stigma"—as per Teen Vogue—and—as Mashable puts it—"rip into the patriarchy." Us Weekly reports Belinda Hankins sent her 13-year-old daughter Isabella into Walmart around 12:30am last Sunday while she waited in the car. What was supposed to be a quick trip turned into something much different. "THEYRE NOT HERRREEEEEE," Isabella texted her mom. After a lengthy hunt during which Hankins instructed Isabella to look near the "sex lube," Isabella found them "tucked away in a corner unlabelled." Time for a life lesson. "They labelled the tiny shelf of joint braces but not the massive aisle of stuff for your vagina?" Isabella texted. Her mom replied that they never do because "vaginas are SECRET" and "society is controlled by men, and they fear us because we are powerful." The rest of their conversation includes thoughts on why men are afraid of vaginas, a map to Walmart's "vagina zone," a reference to the the "vaj mobile," and a reminder to "SMASH THE PATRIARCHY." Hankins posted the whole conversation to her Facebook page, and it quickly went viral. While Refinery 29 reports Hankins' parenting has been questioned by trolls, Teen Vogue thanks the mother-daughter duo for being open about reproductive health and sharing some "top notch feminist theory." (After an Olympic loss, this swimmer dared mention her period.) Report a story error My Take on This Story Show results without voting  |   26% Hilarious 4% Intriguing 3% Depressing 21% Brilliant 2% Scary 45% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 115 comments Next on Newser: World's Longest Lightning Bolt Traveled Nearly 200 Miles Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 115 comments kreuz Sep 16, 2016 5:18 PM CDT The solution is simple for these bird-brains. Don't wear tampons. It'll make for a lot of laughs. Deplorable Midlandr Sep 16, 2016 10:48 AM CDT How phuqn' stupid. Jack D. Ripper Sep 16, 2016 1:43 AM CDT Tampons are useful for a lot of things. I live in Alaska and smart people always carry an emergency bag, especially in winter. Tampons are great fire starters. Sponges for open wounds. Along with the chocolates, gold, and condoms you can have a great weekend in Vegas as well... Actually, I use the pads... View all 115 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser 'Unrecognizable' Shelley Duvall Gives Troubling Interview 1 Jon Stewart Sees an 'Ultimate Irony' in Trump Win 2 Here's What's Wrong With Donald Trump's $1 Salary Idea 3 Man Dissolved by Hot Spring Was Checking Temperature 4 Man Gets 40 Years for Killing Daughter's Molester 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Mike Pence Donates Thousands to Planned Parenthood (But He Didn’t) Chicago ‘Always Will Be A Sanctuary City’ for Undocumented Immigrants, Says Mayor Alec Baldwin Is Done Playing Trump On SNL Before the C-Section, There Was This Barbaric Practice Britney Spears Won That Mannequin Challenge Thing The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy The Secret Dark Side of Facebook You Might Not Know About Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Plan To Handle Traffic, Security Around Trump Tower To Be Announced CBS News: Trump Offers Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Post 11/18 CBS2 Friday Morning Weather Headlines Go to CBS Local The PDB Weekly Quiz The Day Italy Was (Really) Born Why Lolita Fashion Is Taking Over Catwalks Go to Ozy Watch this guy completely humiliate a reporter who claims PTSD after firing an... The ladies of “The View” have made a request of Donald Trump following a long... Retail rumor: Is this major department store about to go bankrupt? Go to Rare The 5-Minute Stretch Series for When You're Stuck Sitting at a Desk All Day Chill Big-Batch Drinks for Hours With This Killer Cranberry Ice Block 10 Things Gilmore Girls Taught Us About Food Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart is ramping up its battle with Visa BI Intelligence Sep. 16, 2016, 10:45 AM 1,421 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also Vantiv has made a key acquisition Samsung Rewards could spur Samsung Pay adoption The American Express lawsuit could be headed back to court This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Payments Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. In late October, Walmart Canada will stop accepting Visa cards at 16 more stores, all located in Manitoba. In July, Walmart Canada stopped accepting the cards in three Ontario stores, saying that high per-transaction fees assessed by Visa may have been impacting the retailer’s prices and ultimately its margins. The firm, which is reportedly in talks with Visa to reach a fee agreement, selected Manitoba because its stores were the “most ready” to stop accepting Visa, according to CBC, though the move could expand further to other stores in the future. The ban is likely low-risk for both Walmart and Visa, but could be symbolically impactful. In the US, most Walmart purchases are transacted via debit card — a dynamic that likely carries over to Canada. In the US, such a ban would be disastrous, since most debit cardholders use Visa cards, and would ultimately impact both Walmart’s business and Visa’s volume. But in Canada, the predominant debit network is Interac, not Visa, which means that the ban can symbolically stand while having a limited material impact on both parties involved. But Walmart’s willingness to follow through at a time when swipe fees are in the spotlight could signal to card networks that retailers aren’t backing down. Recently, several major merchants have taken legal action against card networks because of high or unfair swipe fees. And in the UK, a banking expert has filed a complaint on behalf of consumers because of inflated prices as a response to high swipe fees. Card networks have likely relied on the belief that major retailers wouldn’t limit access at risk of angering consumers, but Walmart’s hardline stance could make card networks take these complaints more seriously and ultimately lower fees down the line.  Fraud cost U.S. retailers approximately $32 billion in 2014, up from $23 billion just one year earlier. To solve the card fraud problem across in-store, online, and mobile payments, payment companies and merchants are implementing new payment protocols that could finally help mitigate fraud. John Heggestuen, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on payment security that looks at how the dynamics of fraud are shifting across in-store and online channels and explains the top new types of security that are gaining traction across each of these channels, including on Apple Pay. Here are some of the key takeaways from the report: EMV cards are being rolled out with an embedded microchip for added security. The microchip carries out real-time risk assessments on a person's card purchase activity based on the card user's profile. The chip also generates dynamic cryptograms when the card is inserted into a payment terminal. Because these cryptograms change with every purchase, it makes it difficult for fraudsters to make counterfeit cards that can be used for in-store transactions. To bolster security throughout the payments chain encryption of payments data is being widely implemented. Encryption degrades valuable data by using an algorithm to translate card numbers into new values. This makes it difficult for fraudsters to harvest the payments data for use in future transactions. Point-to-point encryption is the most tightly defined form of payments encryption. In this scheme, sensitive payment data is encrypted from the point of capture at the payments terminal all the way through to the gateway or acquirer. This makes it much more difficult for fraudsters to harvest usable data from transactions in stores and online. Tokenization increases the security of transactions made online and in stores. Tokenization schemes assign a random value to payment data, making it effectively impossible for hackers to access the sensitive data from the token itself. Tokens are often "multiuse," meaning merchants don't have to force consumers to re-enter their payment details. Apple Pay uses an emerging form of tokenization. 3D Secure is an imperfect answer to user authentication online. One difficulty in fighting online fraud is that it is hard to tell whether the person using card data is actually the cardholder. 3D Secure adds a level of user authentication by requiring the customer to enter a passcode or biometric data in addition to payment data to complete a transaction online. Merchants who implement 3D Secure risk higher shopping-cart abandonment. In full, the report: Assesses the fraud cost to US retailers and how that fraud is expected to shift in coming years Provides 5 high-level explanations of the top payment security protocols Includes 7 infographics illustrating what the transaction flow looks like when each type of security is implemented. Analyzes the strengths and weakness of each payment security protocol and the reasons why particular protocols are being put in place at different types of merchants. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of payments security. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 5 Top Fintech Predictions by the BI Intelligence Research Team. Get the Report Now » More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Payments Walmart Visa EMV Payments Security facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart is ramping up its battle with Visa Walmart is ramping up its battle with Visa This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective 23 upgrades under $50 to make your house look awesome Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Marilyn Lewis Sep 16th 2016 10:10AM Are you dreaming of improving your home, but you don't have the budget to do major remodeling? If so, there's still plenty you can do to scratch the home-improvement itch — and make your home look great. Here are 23 cheap ways to spruce up your home for $50 or less. Sign up for the free Money Talks Newsletter 1. Do a cheap facelift There's no quicker fix than a can of paint. Use it to give new life to dingy wood furniture. Try a new color in your bedroom or bathroom. Or just paint the ceiling a soft sky blue. HGTV has 50 ideas for DIY projects requiring just a single can of paint. The DIY Network has more ideas, plus tips for painting walls and ceilings, advice for painting like a pro and 11 ideas for using chalkboard paint. If you can't afford to splurge on a can of paint, try these cheap sources for paint: Find a Habitat for Humanity ReStore near you. On your local Craigslist, search at the top left of the home page for "paint." Join a local Freecycle group. The organization has more than 5,000 local groups and millions of members who connect online to recycle all kinds of items. Post your request in the "wanted" area. 2. Update a bathroom faucet This Old House says replacing an old faucet with a shiny new one is an easy project that takes about two hours. The site has step-by-step instructions. To find a faucet within a $50 budget, search and compare prices online. Try searching by price at Overstock.com and Walmart.com. Or shop at a ReStore or thrift store. Tip: Find a new faucet in the same finish — i.e., oil-rubbed bronze, chrome, satin nickel — as your other bathroom fixtures. 3. Declutter Decluttering is deeply satisfying. It can make your home feel new and different — and roomier. But it requires so many tough decisions: What stays? What goes? And what about all the stuff you don't use but can't get rid of? Sign up for the free Money Talks Newsletter Check out these seven ingenious ways to help get going. Here's one that helps you organize as you declutter. And also check out "A Dozen Great Ways to Get Rid of Hard-to-Get-Rid-of Stuff." 4. Make a Mason jar lamp Mason jar lamps are trendy. A YouTube video by TheSorryGirls takes you step by step through the process of making one. Krylon, the maker of aerosol spray paint, gives instructions for painting Mason jars being used for lamps. If a single-jar lamp isn't enough challenge, and you have plenty of used Mason canning jars, look for instructions online for making a Mason jar chandelier. Stick to using found materials to keep your costs down. Also see 13 features homeowners desire the most: 14 PHOTOS 13 features homeowners want the most See Gallery 13 features homeowners want the most 1. A laundry room (92%) 2. ENERGY STAR® appliances (90%) 3. Exterior lighting (90%) 4. ENERGY STAR® rating for whole home (88%) 5. ENERGY STAR® windows (87%) 6. Ceiling fan (86%) 7. Patio (84%) 8. Full bathroom on main level (83%) 9. Hardwood on main floor (82%) 10. Insulation higher than required by code (81%) 11. Garage storage (81%) 12. Table space for eating in kitchen (80%) 13. Walk-in pantry (80%) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – 5. Dress up an old sofa Give the couch new life by pulling a slipcover over its tired old self. Slipcovers run as low as $25 at Walmart. If you can't find a fitted slipcover that works on your sofa, don't worry. Done well, a loose fit is timeless. Check Overstock and elsewhere for machine-washable cotton duck covers in many colors. With any remaining cash, jazz up your new couch by making or buying an accent pillow or two. 6. Tackle carpet stains Sign up for the free Money Talks Newsletter Take a Saturday morning and give your carpets some TLC at virtually no cost. There are several methods described — along with some of the potential hazards — at The Carpet Buyers Handbook. For carpets stained beyond your powers of restoration, consider using a professional carpet cleaning service. Have only the most heavily trafficked room done if you need to keep costs below $50. When looking for a professional service, make sure you're comparing apples with apples: Some charge by the room, others by the square foot. 7. Make a faux tile kitchen backsplash This is more than a simple painting job. A painted kitchen backsplash mimics the contemporary look of narrow horizontal stone and glass tiles. The project requires a lot of preparatory taping. But, judging from instructions and photos at the Reality Daydream blog, it is worth the effort. 8. Reupholster an ottoman Grab a staple gun and a simple piece of furniture, like an ottoman, and give it new life. Brooke Ulrich, DIY blogger at All Things Thrifty, shows how to tackle reupholstery. Here's a quick video with a trick for removing old fabric from furniture, which she says is one of the hardest parts of the job. Shop for fabric and a piece of furniture with simple lines at the ReStore, a thrift shop, Craigslist or Freecycle. Or search online for "fabric outlet" and "discount upholstery fabric." Another source: Jo-Ann Fabrics' frequent sales, discounts and coupons allow for big savings. Shoppers who sign up at the site get more discounts. Find a store near you or shop online. 9. Rearrange bookshelves "Style" your bookshelves with artistic flare. Better Home & Gardens has inspiration and tips. This is a fun, creative project, so spend some time and enjoy it. Among BHG's tips: Treat each shelf as a display, and then stand back and make sure all shelves work well together. Position some items off-center on a shelf. Place some books in horizontal stacks and use the stacks as bookends for books shelved vertically. For a designer look, cover the inside of a bookcase with fabric or wallpaper. Don't pack treasures and collections on every shelf. Pieces of pottery make nice, solid bookends. Stack a pyramid of books and put one of your favorite objects atop the stack. Use bookshelves as a gallery for framed photos or art. 10. Upgrade cabinet hardware If your kitchen and bathroom look dated, and you can't replace the cabinets, replacing the cabinet hardware gives rooms a new look. Here are shopping tips: Remove one handle or drawer pull to see how many screws it uses and how far apart they should be. Your new hardware will need to have this same configuration. Before shopping, take stock of your room's style. To avoid being overwhelmed by all the options, first browse home decorating magazines to identify the look of the hardware you want, for example: Pulls or handles? Sleek and modern? Old world? Recycled and eclectic? When you have a rough idea of what to look for, do some price shopping online. Try Ikea, Overstock and local and chain hardware stores. But also do an online search for "cabinet hardware" to see what's available online. 11. Rearrange furniture Ask someone whose home styling skills you admire to help you see your home and possessions in a new light. Stay open to change and new ideas. Sign up for the free Money Talks Newsletter Last year I asked someone I know to spend an hour with me finding how to make better use of a difficult space in my home. She has a true genius for visualizing space. She spent two or three hours coming up with new configurations for my same old furnishings that somehow made the space roomier, more usable and much more attractive. 12. Brighten the entry Follow these three steps to revitalize the look of your home's entry with a little elbow grease and a can of exterior paint: Start by taking everything off the front porch or deck and scrubbing it from rafters to floorboards. Clean the front door and give it a new paint job. Consider a stylish color that complements your home's exterior, yet is a little brighter. Your local paint store will have paint chips and ideas. Browse Pinterest or Houzz for color schemes and inspiration. Replace or repair damaged screens or storm doors. Polish metal doorknobs and fixtures. 13. Install a front door kick plate A kick plate is a broad strip of polished metal used horizontally along the bottom edge of a front door to protect it from scratches, kicks and dog paws. Kick plates are decorative as well as functional. Brass is traditionally used, but popular finishes now include antique brass, pewter, antique bronze and black. Change your old kick plate for a new one, or install a kick plate if you haven't used one before. After choosing a metal finish you like, use the same finish on all of your exterior hardware. 14. Paint exterior shutters and trim A fresh coat of paint (or two) on shutters and trim provides a quick, easy shot in the arm for your home's exterior. Paint all the trim or just the window trim. And if you are short on time or materials, repaint only the front-facing trim. It's safest to use a color that's already part of your home's exterior color scheme. 15. Install new doorknobs Put attractive new knobs or handles on interior doors and closets. For family members who are aging, arthritic or disabled, make life easier by replacing knobs with easier-to-grasp door levers like these at Home Depot. 16. Make a new headboard Sign up for the free Money Talks Newsletter Craft a new headboard for your bed or refurbish your old one. If you scrounge for free and cheap materials, you can do it for less than $50. A few ideas: Try making a new headboard from recycled doors. Sunset magazine tells how to attach new upholstery fabric to an old headboard. DIY Network has 15 ideas and photos for upgrading headboards. Martha Stewart tells how to make a padded headboard in nine steps (with video) using a hollow-core door, batting and fabric. 17. Shine a new light Lighting plays an important role in home decor. Installing new lights, or even changing the wattage, can change the look and mood of a room. "After years of work, LED lighting companies have finally achieved their goal of producing a good replacement for the common 60-watt incandescent bulb," says MIT Technology Review's article, "How to Choose an LED Light Bulb." Some bulbs are rated to last 25,000 hours, or up to 25 years, depending on the use. The article tells how to choose among the various brightness options and select bulbs for shape, function, color and light quality. It says: For the consumer, the main benefits of LED fixtures are clear: They're energy-efficient, can last for more than 20 years and, in many cases, give off good light. The prices have gone down steadily as well, as the LED components have dropped in price and lighting companies introduce better designs. When investing in new LED bulbs, consider changing the fixture itself as well. Look for used fixtures online, at thrift shops and ReStores. For a fun project that delivers instant drama for less than $50, install flexible LED ribbon lighting atop or under cabinets. For less than $50, you can get, for example, an 8-foot length of Armacost RibbonFlex Pro RGB LED tape light. Armacost has installation instructions and project photos and ideas. Find how-to installation videos at YouTube. Sign up for the free Money Talks Newsletter 19. Give your home a deep cleaning If you're considering spending money on a shrink, first try using Oprah.com's checklist, timeline and instructions for deeply, thoroughly cleaning your home in eight hours. Oprah.com calls it "spring cleaning," but don't let that stop you from doing it now. The psychological benefits of a really clean home are immense, and you'll feel wonderfully virtuous for doing it. 20. Add container plants New plants dress up your home's porch and garden and give great curb appeal. You can start plants from seeds in spring or in a greenhouse. In autumn, dig a few of the more vigorous and prolific perennials from your garden or a friend's and install them in pots. Ivy, a pest in gardens, looks terrific trailing down sides of planters, for example. Your local garden store or nursery may have a half-price area from which it sells cast-offs. Often, watering and care is all they need. The Micro Gardener has loads of ideas and photos for garden containers made from furniture, kitchen equipment, bathroom fixtures, toys, baskets, boxes and even clothes and shoes for use as outdoor planters. Check out her vertical garden made from a hanging cloth shoe rack. 21. Install kitchen utility hooks For a quick kitchen upgrade that you'll enjoy daily, install a wall-mounted row of sturdy utility hooks. Use them for everything from dish towels and pot holders to utensils and measuring cups. You might even slip a recipe you're using into a plastic ring-binder sleeve, add a ring clip and hang it for ready access 22. Install new house numbers Sign up for the free Money Talks Newsletter Change your old house numbers. Find them with an online search, at hardware stores or shop for handmade numbers at Etsy. 23. Give light switch covers new life Here's how to give grimy old light switch covers new life: Toss them out and treat yourself to new ones. For a fun project, cover some of them with decoupage. What cheap, satisfying home upgrades have you done? Tell us in the comments below or on Money Talks News' Facebook page. More from MoneyTalksNews: 17 Simple Home Repairs and Upgrades That Will Save You Bundles of Money 22 Things You Should Always Buy Generic You Probably Pay Too Much for These 10 Things Read Full Story Find a New Home Buy Rent Value Powered by Location Price from To Bed(s) Any 1+ 2+ 3+ 4+ 5+ Bathroom(s) Any 1+ 2+ 3+ 4+ 5+ Search From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY The Best Company to Work for in Every State in America The Most Educated Cities in America 10 Job Skills That Will Get You Hired in 2017 The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Millennials, money, and the future AP: Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn Twitter CEO apologizes for white supremacy ad What a Trump presidency could mean for Amazon.com Donald Trump's name is everywhere -- but what does he actually own? Apple is exploring making iPhones in the US — 'the cost will more than double' Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' What percent of Wells Fargo customers are closing their accounts? More to Explore From Our Partners Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Will supermarket food prices jump under Trump?CNNMoney New tax cuts may not be as big as Trump toutedCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoney Facebook, Google to halt ads on fake news sitesCNNMoney Yuan hits lows not seen since the financial crisisCNNMoney 15,000 mosques are going greenCNNMoney Adult FriendFinder probing claims of a second hackCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Fri, Nov 18 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business Saving Money Black Friday deals will include huge savings on Apple products this year Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Five Star Movement: Italy’s own brand of populism Reemerging after defeat, Clinton urges fight for 'big hearted' America (+video) Could mutant plants save us from global warming? The trick to finding Black Friday bargains on Apple products is knowing where to look — and that's anywhere but the Apple Store. By Dealnews.com September 16, 2016 Save for later Saved Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the pricing on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, in San Francisco. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Apple fans may be resigned to paying full price for their gadgets, but we'll certainly see Apple gear on sale this Black Friday season. The trick to finding these bargains is knowing where to look — and that's anywhere but the Apple Store. Last year, Apple reseller stores like Best Buy, B&H Photo, Target, and Walmart were the top places to find deals on iPads, iPhones, and even the Apple Watch. This year we expect more of the same, with electronics retailers making sharp cuts to select Apple products. Trust us, it's worth looking beyond Apple to get the best deals of the season. This year for our Black Friday predictions, we've created a "cheat sheet" with the top tips you need to know when shopping this season. For savvy consumers who want more information, scroll down for our in-depth analysis. Recommended: Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. So what can you expect from Black Friday Apple deals? Read on below! Then, consider signing up for the  DealNews Select newsletter to keep track of the latest deals in your inbox, or  download our app to have them at your fingertips. Test your knowledge Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/18 The Cheat Sheet: Black Friday Apple Predictions Prices to Expect Apple Watch Series 2 for $350; Apple Watch Series 1 for $200 iPhone 7 for $549, or $99 down iPhone 6s for $349, or $1 down iPad Air 2 for $350; iPad mini 4 for $250 13" iPad Pro for $650, 10" iPad Pro for $550 11" MacBook Air for $700 21" iMac for $900 4 Quick Tips You Need to Know Don't expect any of these deals to appear at the Apple Store! Resellers will offer the best (and only) discounts. Older-generation iPhones will be heavily discounted thanks to the introduction of the iPhone 7. Be sure to check the memory when buying an iPhone 6s. Be careful when buying an Apple Watch; the original has a slower processor than the new "Series 1," but stores might not advertise that. Look to the iPad Air 2 for the deepest iPad discounts. Want more details on how, what, where, and when to buy Apple deals this Black Friday? Then check out our full analysis below. When to Shop Apple Deals Will Start Early and Stay Through Black Friday Technically, an Editors' Choice Apple deal could spring up at any point during the weeks of Black Friday and Cyber Monday. However, our research shows that you're more likely to encounter a top-shelf discount starting on Tuesday of Black Friday week, running through Black Friday itself. Before and after this period, the deals are fewer and further between. The reason is likely because Apple products are now used as doorbusters for big-box retailer ads. For the past few years, we've seen stores like Walmart, Target, and Best Buy dangle iPads and iPhones in front of salivating customers as a way to get people amped for the sales. We expect to see the same thing happen this year. What to Buy New Apple Products Mean New Price Points We've now got a new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which means list prices have been slashed for previous-generation products. Retailers will discount prices even further during holiday sales. In the past, we've seen older-gen Apple goods at 20% off during Black Friday — and sometimes even more. However, bear in mind that you won't find deals on every model (or even every color). The best deal will be on low-end models; look for bargains on the base models, usually 16GB iPhones and iPads, as well as the 11" MacBook Air and 21" iMac. The best Apple deals will be on the base models for previous-generation devices. But even brand-new models get discounted on Black Friday. In 2015, we saw discounts of up to $100 off on the latest iPhone, 5% off the then-new 13" iPad Pro, and as much as 15% off the original Apple Watch. If you're eager to pick up any new releases, you might hold off to see the holiday deals. Finally, bear in mind that the more aggressively priced deals are likely to be available in limited quantities, or be normally priced items bundled with a big gift card. The Faster Apple Watch Series 1 Could Drop to $200 The Apple Watch was updated in September, and while a new generation was announced (see below), the old generation was also updated with a new dual-core processor. This model is now being called Series 1, to differentiate it from the previous version with the slower processor. In the process, the Series 1 price was knocked to $269, which is a solid discount for an item that previously cost $349. Considering the discounts we've seen on the Apple Watch this year, we could see deals of up to 25% off on Series 1 models for Black Friday. We're predicting that the 38mm Sport will drop to $200, while the 42mm Sport could fall to $225. That said, it's possible that stores will treat these models like "brand new" products, in which case the discounts could be more modest. In that case, prices may bottom out at $229 and $255, respectively. But Wait, Apple Watches Are Already Hitting $199 Yes they are. But those aren't Series 1, they're "original" Apple Watches that have the slower processor. Those will likely still be for sale, as stores try to clear out old stock. While the CPU won't be as flashy, the original Apple Watch could sell for as low as $150, making it the cheapest way to try out the smartwatch technology for iOS. The original Apple Watch and the Series 1 watch have different processors and should be priced accordingly. But stores may be vague in their ads about which they're selling. Whether you're interested in the original or Series 1 Apple Watch, however, pay close attention to the specs when buying. Stores will probably be vague in ads about which model they're selling, saying only "Apple Watch" or "first-generation Apple Watch." If the price seems too good to be true for the Series 1, it's probably the original Apple Watch. Brand-New Apple Watch Series 2 Will Only See Modest Discounts Apple also debuted the Apple Watch Series 2, which offers waterproofing and GPS capabilities, among other things. Discounts on the original Apple Watch hit 15% on its first Black Friday, but it had been out for seven months by then; the Apple Watch Series 2 only has two months to drop in price, so we're expecting modest discounts of 5% for it's first Black Friday. Since the Apple Watch Series 2 starts at $369, that would put prices at: $350 (38mm Sport) $379 (42mm Sport) $569 (38mm stainless steel) $520 (42mm stainless steel) Bear in mind that all of these prices are for watches with the base-model band. Apple offers some pricey, high-end bands that can add as much as $400 to the price. For the new models, these deals will be available in a limited number of styles and colors, locking you into a low-end or high-end band option. Interestingly, while we expect the best discounts on the low-end models of other Apple products, the higher tier Watches have had the biggest percent discounts over the past year — with sales that cut the price by 10% more than other Watches. Of course, even with that discount, they come at a premium. Save Up to $200 on the iPhone 6s or $100 on the iPhone 7 With the arrival of the new iPhone 7, the list price of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have fallen by $100, and they have also received a memory bump. That means the base model 6s will now come with 32GB and cost $549. This Black Friday, we expect to see it discounted by $150 to $200, putting prices as low as $349 — or $1 to $50 for a down payment with a 2-year contract. The all-new iPhone 7 will likely match last year's deal of $100 off, giving it a starting price of $549, or a $99 down payment. Similar to the Apple Watch Series 1, there are now multiple models on the market that could be considered an "iPhone 6s." Traditionally, they start at 16GB, but the updated 6s starts at 32GB. So be careful when buying, and don't pay for more memory than you get. iPads Will Make Great Doorbusters There was no new iPad unveiled in September (although it still might come in October). But we do expect dramatic cuts on iPads this year, with solid discounts on older models — particularly the iPad Air 2 and mini 4. The price of the Air 2 was cut earlier this year, putting it at the same $399 price as the iPad mini 4. Combining this new lower price with Black Friday sales means we expect the iPad Air 2 to hit record lows. Based on this year's prices, we'll see the iPad Air 2 at $350 or less — possibly with doorbuster sales or gift card bundles that bring it down to $300 or lower. Every iPad model should see a discount this Black Friday, but the iPad Air 2 is primed to be a big doorbuster deal this year. Despite the fact that the Air 2 is currently the same price as the mini 4, the mini has traditionally seen steeper discounts. We expect to see it for $300, with doorbusters or gift card bundles that may drop it to $250. As for newer models, the 13" iPad Pro is now a year old. We saw small discounts on it last year, but this year we expect deals of up to 20% off, pricing the base model at $650. We'll also see some deals on the smaller 10" iPad Pro, though they'll be more modest — look for the base model to hit $550. MacBook Airs Will Drop to $700, While the iMac Could Hit $900 If you're looking for a new desktop or laptop, Black Friday is a good time to buy low-end models of both. For laptops, that's the 11" MacBook Air; for desktops it's the 21" iMac. Expect low-end 11" Airs at $700 and base model 21" iMacs at $900. We may see deals on higher end Macs — possibly iMacs with Retina displays — but expect them to be relatively minor. Where to Shop Anywhere but Apple The deals you'll find from Apple itself will be modest at best, and usually come in the form of gift cards or bundled items. In 2015, the retailer offered no Black Friday deals at all — but that didn't mean there weren't deals to be found elsewhere. Last year, the best deals on the new iPhone were at Best Buy and Target — though Target's deals tended to be phones bundled with gift cards. In fact, Target offered aggressive gift card bundles on a variety of Apple products in 2015. Gift card bundles can be a good deal if you'll use the gift card on other products, but you're still likely to pay full price (or nearly full price). Across the board, Best Buy, Walmart, and Target are likely candidates for big Apple deals during Black Friday. Also keep an eye on Staples, eBay, B&H Photo-Video, and Fry's Electronics for the sporadic discount. This article first appeared in DealNews. The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best personal finance bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger,  click here. To add or view a comment on a guest blog, please go to the blogger's own site by clicking on the link in the blog description box above. Next up Test your knowledge Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. The New Economy Can banking be Uber-ed? Saving Money Now is a great time to buy an iPhone 6S Passcode With national privacy debate unsettled, US intelligence officials back encryption Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The Trump voters you don't know An end to Trump’s politics of anger? Passcode Worried about surveillance under Trump? Here's what to do The new face of the sanctuary movement: college campuses (+video) Focus For native Americans, pipeline sparks climate awakening Popular Now First Look Stephen Hawking says we have have 1,000 years to find a new home (+video) First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress Iowa bill named 'Suck it up, Buttercup' seeks to stop student coddling Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The Trump voters you don't know   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/18 Latest News First Look 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Doing Good Difference Maker This man will serve 2,000 free meals for Thanksgiving Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Crime / Police Seeking Assistance with Identifying Suspects in Alleged Fraud/Theft Incident Police Seeking Assistance with Identifying Suspects in Alleged Fraud/Theft Incident Posted on Friday, September 16, 2016 by Gant Team in Crime, Local News, Top Stories (Provided photo) (Provided photo) CLEARFIELD – Lawrence Township police are investigating an alleged incident of fraud and or theft that occurred Aug. 17 at the Wal-Mart Supercenter, Clearfield, and continuing to seek the public’s assistance. According to the report, it occurred at approximately 2:21 p.m. and involved two African-American males. They “made away” with $1,500 in cash and left the Wal-Mart parking lot in a red/maroon four-door sedan, police said. (Provided photo) Police described one male as having glasses and wearing gray pants, a white/black striped shirt and black shoes. The other male was wearing blue jean shorts, a black shirt, black shoes and a gray hat. Police have released surveillance images of the male suspects and are seeking the public’s assistance in identifying them. They also want to alert other businesses of the suspects. Anyone with information is asked to please contact the Lawrence Township police at 814-765-1647/48.     (Provided photo) (Provided photo) READER PHOTO: Goldenrod in Full Bloom Woodland Woman Waives Charges in Contraband Case Related Posts Accused Cemetery Vandals Appear for Hearings Police Report: PSP Clearfield Rendell Calls for Legislators to Stay in Harrisburg Until Final Budget Passes Sinnemahoning to Hold Homeschool Day Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 665 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Homeless find home in wooded Howell encampment A smaller iteration of the Lakewood Tent City has popped up in Howell. Post to Facebook Homeless find home in wooded Howell encampment A smaller iteration of the Lakewood Tent City has popped up in Howell.   Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2d4OXVr {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Homeless find home in wooded Howell encampment Kala Kachmar , @NewsQuip 4:07 p.m. EDT September 16, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Nine people live in tents at a homeless encampment off Route 9 in Howell. It's run by the same minister who ran Tent City in Lakewood before it was shut down last year. Kala Kachmar/Asbury Park Press Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Rev. Steve Brigham walks through the camp late afternoon while many who live there are away at work. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood (Photo: Doug Hood)Buy Photo 665 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Every few days, Nancy Vance totes a wagon full of empty water jugs on the back of her bike to the Howell Walmart, where she fills them with water to bring back home. Although some might call her homeless, home for Vance is a small community in the woods about a half-mile from the Walmart on Route 9. She’s lived there a year with her pit bull, Trixie. The small encampment is also the home to eight others who once lived in Tent City, which was a community of about 120 homeless people living together in a wooded area of Lakewood. It was shut down by the township in July 2015. The Howell encampment is run by the same minister – the Rev. Steve Brigham of the Lakewood Outreach Ministry Church– who also started and operated Tent City. He spends his time helping homeless all over Monmouth and Ocean counties, he said. MORE: 'Destiny's Bridge' documents Lakewood's Tent City The encampment has been around for about a year, Brigham said. It’s tucked in a wooded area off a dirt road adjacent to Route 9 in Howell. The community doesn’t look much different than tents you’d see at a campground, except there are common areas like a mini chapel under a tarp, an open wooded structure that serves at the pantry and food storage area. There’s also pepper and tomato plants in buckets instead of in the ground, in case the folks had to leave in a hurry, Brigham said. Deeper into the woods, a path leads to rows of wildflowers and a community prayer garden the residents built. Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood  (Photo: Doug Hood) “We tried to spruce it up a bit,” Brigham said. “It gives us a sense of community and serenity. You could hear a pin drop at night, except for the crickets.” The encampment, which Howell Township knows about, is about a tenth of the size of Tent City. Folks who live there generally work or go out looking for work every day, Brigham said. “Rent around here is through the roof,” Brigham said. “If you’re low-income and single, it’s almost impossible to live around here.” READ: Lakewood's Tent City closes Vance, who recently got a job as a part-time janitor at an all-girls school in Lakewood, also cleans houses on the side. She lived in the original Tent City, but wasn’t one of the original members who got a year of free housing in a settlement with the township. She said she became homeless in 2013 when she found out her landlord was illegally renting to her and her roommate. Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Nancy Vance, a resident of the camp, has been homeless for more then three years. She may return to Texas where family members live. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood  (Photo: Doug Hood) “You can’t put a sticker on the homeless and say they’re all drunks, jobless and mentally ill,” Vance said. Vance said she receives disability payments after a severe accident she was in the year before. She has to pay for her propane, food and prescriptions, which would make paying rent difficult for her. Brigham, who also lives at the camp, said everyone respects each other and gets along well. MORE: What you need to know about Howell's $14M sewer project “This has been a very safe place for me,” Vance said. “I’m comfortable. We work as a team here.” Town Manager Jeff Mayfield said the mayor and some of the councilmen have had discussions with churches and nonprofits to see what they can do about helping the homeless population in town. Mayor William Gotto and Mayfield have been out to the encampment. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Homeless camp in Howell  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Rev. Steve Brigham walks through the camp late afternoon while many who live there are away at work. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Nancy Vance, a resident of the camp, has been homeless for more then three years. She may return to Texas where family members live. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Nancy Vance, a resident of the camp, has been homeless for more then three years. She may return to Texas where family members live. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Rev. Steve Brigham walks through the camp late afternoon while many who live there are away at work. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Nancy Vance, a resident of the camp, has been homeless for more then three years. She may return to Texas where family members live. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Nancy Vance, a resident of the camp, has been homeless for more then three years. She may return to Texas where family members live. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Rev. Steve Brigham walks through the camp late afternoon while many who live there are away at work. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood  Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Buy Photo A homeless community has been established in the woods off Route 9 in Howell. Most of those living in the camp were former residents of tent city in Lakewood. Rev. Steve Brigham stands inside a "tiny house" parked at a nearby Walmart. Howell, NJ Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016. @dhoodhood   Doug Hood Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide “No one’s bothering anyone – there have been no issues,” Mayfield said. “We don’t have the problems that the Lakewood Tent City had.” Some of those problems included fights, fires and unruliness, he said. “People think they are, for lack of a better term, just bums on the street,” Mayfield said. “But they’re not. They’re regular, good people who just can’t make it work right now.” A lot of the homeless people who were living in Tent City are living in woods in Brick, Toms River, Howell, Lacey and Lakewood, Mayfield said. “We’ve chased them off private property several times when the owners have complained,” he said. Kala Kachmar: 732-643-4061; kkachmar@gannettnj.com. Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, weather, traffic and more. Search "Asbury Park Press" in your app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app for phone and tablet | iPad app >>>Subscribe (at a great sale price!) for full access. And, 'like' us on Facebook! 665 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2d4OXVr TOP VIDEOS Christie: No reason to believe he will not serve out Governor's term 2:01 NewsBreak: Obama meets with Merkel; Arrest after Oceanport body found 0:55 NewsBreak: Trump's Transition Process; Rahimi indicted in NYC, Seaside Park bombings 0:51 NewsBreak: Missing man's body found in Oceanport 0:55 Manalapan family turns home into food pantry 0:51 Body found in woods behind Oceanport floral shop 0:44 Air Bnb helps Marie Fiorvante pay her bills 1:27 WJLP NewsBreak 0:54 NewsBreak: Minnesota officer charged in the death of Philando Castile; Neptune shooting investigation 0:54 School bus driver killed in Colts Neck crash 0:21 More Stories Court date set for Christie’s appeal Nov. 16, 2016, 9:33 a.m. Rutgers students peacefully join nationwide protest of Trump Nov. 16, 2016, 10:51 p.m. Are you living in rental hell? Nov. 9, 2016, 1:09 p.m. Vigil honors Toms River fire chief's daughter Nov. 17, 2016, 5:51 p.m.
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 23° F Clear Wind SE at 2 MPH Pressure 1031 MB Dewpoint 18° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter, Sept. 16, 2016 Glenwood police are looking for information on a man seen on surveillance video stealing electronics from Walmart. By Staff Wednesday, September 14, 2016 Cops look for theft suspect The Glenwood Springs Police Department hopes someone can recognize a man caught on surveillance video who stole electronics from Walmart on Tuesday night. Police said the man entered the store, at 3010 Blake Ave., 20 minutes before midnight. They allege he selected a mobile hotspot device, cut the packaging open, and removed the device before leaving the store, making no attempt to pay. Anyone with information as to the person’s identity is asked to call police at 970-384-6500 or submit a crime tip online at glenwoodpolice.com/crime-tips.   According to the Grand Junction Police Department: ■ Thomas Valdez, 21, is accused of assault on Sept. 9. ■ Marcos Adan, 30, was cited on suspicion of assault on Sunday. ■ Zachary English, 21, was cited on suspicion of disorderly house on Sunday. ■ Florencio Gonzalez, 19, was cited on suspicion of shoplifting on Tuesday. ■ Manuel Pinal-Gomez, 25, is accused of third-degree assault, child abuse, violation of bond conditions, and domestic violence on Tuesday. ■ Someone removed a victim’s vehicle from the 2800 block of North Avenue on Tuesday. ■ Someone stole a wallet with cash at a business in the 2700 block of U.S. Highway 50 on Tuesday, causing a loss of more than $2,000. ■ Someone caused a loss of less than $300 when items of value were taken from a vehicle located near the 500 block of Rio Oso Lane on Sept. 8.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Cory Shaine Davis, 31, an inmate at the Mesa County Jail, was cited on suspicion of third-degree assault on Aug. 13. ■ Kelli Strike, 34, is accused of criminal impersonation and drug charges on Sept. 4. ■ Someone caused approximately $1,830 in damage to a vehicle in the 3000 block of Bookcliff Avenue on Sept. 6. ■ Andrea Harris, 30, is accused of auto theft on Monday. ■ A theft from auto was reported in the 3100 block of Arrowhead Trail on Monday. ■ Someone removed $2,864 worth of property from the 3000 block of Lawson Avenue on Sept. 10.   According to the Montrose County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Jose E. Ramirez, 30, Olathe, is accused of possession of an explosive device on Wednesday. ■ Misty S, Kinas, 34, Montrose, is accused of violating a protection order on Wednesday. ■ Cody W. Charron, 40, is accused of violating a protection order on Tuesday. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. TOP JOBS Ft Assisstant Manager FULL-TIMEASSISTANT MANAGERDUTIES: Knowledge ofhardware... Kiosk Sales WE ARE EXPANDING OUR TERRITORYOur team is growing, and we a... Manager CSU's Southwestern CO Research Center, Yellow Jacket, CO, seeks a to coo... Press Room Help WantedPart Time Position inPrint ShopComputer skills hel... Physical Therapist, Rn Hedis Medical Record Retrieval Coordinator, Rn Home Health - Ft, Pt Or Prn Rocky Mountain Health Plans is hiring for the following postions: Physica... Dietary Aide/wait Staff La Villa Grand Care Center is hiring for Must be at least 18 years of... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Share 1.3k Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Entertainment 2016-11-17 ‘Lemony Snicket’s A Series Of Unfortunate Events’ Trailer Released Today: Netflix Is At It Again Entertainment 2016-11-17 Jessa Duggar Comments On Joy-Anna Duggar Courting News On Instagram And Seewald Family Blog: ‘Counting On’ Star Still Hides Baby Bump Entertainment 2016-11-16 MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-18 Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] News 2016-11-18 Obama Criticizes Fake News On Facebook, ‘Misinformation Threatens Democracy’ News 2016-11-17 Man Dissolves While Attempting To ‘Hot Pot’ In Yellowstone Hot Spring, Sister Captures Death On Phone News 2016-11-17 ‘Catfish’ Victim Mitchell Bowie, 18, Commits Suicide After Online ‘Girlfriend’ Threatens His Life Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 7 — Dhaka Vs. Chittagong, Rangpur Vs. Barisal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Gaming 2016-11-18 Best Buy’s Black Friday Pokemon Deals: Seize The Opportunity To Gear Yourself Up For A Rock-Bottom Price Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Release: Anticipation ‘Enormous’ For Fall 2017 Sequel Gaming 2016-11-18 Free ‘Lost Odyssey’ Promotion Leaked For Xbox One Owners, Just A Test Or Coming Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-18 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Social Media’s #UNameItChallenge Goes Viral Before Thanksgiving, Gospel Star Shirley Caesar Responds BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Teacher Ruins Autistic Boy’s Role In School Play, Leaves Him Sobbing On Stage In Front Of Audience BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Flagstaff Police Officer Caught On Tape Punching Woman In The Face, Department Is Investigating [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Media Blackouts: The Biggest Story Of This Century Opinion 1.3k 0 0 September 16, 2016 Media Blackouts: The Biggest Story Of This Century Caitlin Johnstone The following article is entirely the opinion of Caitlin Johnstone and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. Mainstream media’s near-complete blackout on major stories and events is without a doubt the most interesting thing happening in the world today. Earlier today, WikiLeaks dropped a massive bombshell about the largest trade agreement ever made, which covers 52 countries and affects 80 percent of the economy in the U.S. and Europe, accounting for two-thirds of the global GDP. It will allow Wal-Mart economics to flourish on a global scale, forbidding the governments of participating nations from preferencing local businesses over foreign ones, and making it nearly impossible to stop those businesses from predatory pricing practices. In effect, there will be nothing stopping giant businesses from opening up shops on the corners of every neighborhood in any of the 52 participating nations, and using their wealth reserves to undercut the prices of all local businesses, forcing them to close and becoming the only business (and employer) of that type in the area. You know how every time a Wal-Mart opens in a new neighborhood it undercuts its competition and forces them to fold, offers new jobs at slave wages and then uses corporatist lobbying to protect itself from repercussions and shift the burden of the damage it does to the American taxpayer? It will be like that, only worldwide, with all businesses, including banks. You would be forgiven if you don’t know the name of the planet-altering trade deal I’m referring to, because you’ve never seen a news story on it. This would be the Trade in Service Agreement, or TiSA, also known as the TPP and TTIP’s secret brother. WikiLeaks revealed a major block of information about this agreement which will, without question, significantly alter the way humanity itself moves and behaves on this planet, and Wolf Blitzer’s dead-eyed face has nothing whatsoever to say about it. Why Do Six Companies Control 90% of the Media?: http://t.co/sh9aNtbMWu pic.twitter.com/NgeBt7H4xB — Adbusters (@Adbusters) September 2, 2015 Americans enjoy freedom of the press under the First Amendment of the Constitution because an informed populace is an essential ingredient in a healthy democracy, and citizens have understandably come to rely upon the press to provide that information. But time after time, story after story, important information has been getting swept under the rug by all the biggest news media providers in the country. The minority of Americans who are plugged into alternative news media have been witnessing a very different world unfold than those who get their news from CNN, Fox, or the New York Times. While we watched Bernie Sanders launch an unprecedented crowd-funded campaign to pack stadiums and win election battles he never should have been able to win, consumers of mainstream media were fed a constant diet of Donald Trump’s mouth farts. #SignsYoureABernieSupporter You & other @BernieSanders' supporters refuse MSM's #mediablackout to defeat him & us. pic.twitter.com/rirsyvnXL5 — KyleTaylorLucas (@KyleTaylorLucas) March 31, 2016 Tens of thousands of people were gathering for an unknown underdog, a man who even called himself that pariah term “democratic socialist” and who was calling for something as outrageous as a revolution, but that once-in-a-lifetime story went untold by the mass media. Only in Facebook groups could you see video of the moving scene of thousands of people from all walks of life lining up for blocks and blocks. Only through regular people’s updates and livestreams could you get the inside story of the voter suppression and voter culls, deliberate cutting of booths in a historically popular primary season and the long long lines it created, hundreds of stories of older, sicker, over-employed-but-underpaid people having to give up and leave the line before voting, dead people voting for Hillary, schools of mentally challenged people being bussed in to vote for Hillary, bosses giving their staff the day off as long as they voted for Hillary, dodgy machines, massively irregular exit polls and ex-presidents with bullhorns blocking the entrances to key polling booths for hours. I am so ready for a @BernieSanders revolution! #HIcaucus #FeelTheBern #BirdieSanders #MediaBlackout pic.twitter.com/QNb2DeFQR8 — Christie Sparrow (@sparrows1981) March 27, 2016 None of these stories were covered. Surely one of the biggest political uprisings in living memory was barely mentioned, and was mostly scorned by all the major news players, and as the season went on, a lot of the minor ones too. Alternative media outlets like The Onion were noticeably bought up by big-time Clinton donors, and their editorial immediately changed. It had the desired effect, too. A Harvard study confirmed that the media blackout alone fatally hindered Sanders’ momentum and lost him the election. In fact, if there was any coverage, it was to mock suggestions that the DNC were colluding against Sanders as “conspiracy theory.” Even when that conspiracy theory became conspiracy fact, there was no mea culpa from the media. In fact, they mocked people further by intimating that they had known all along it was rigged and somehow turned it around to make us look stupid again. We see what you did there. To mock people for suspecting what you secretly know is happening, and then mock them again by saying “Of course it happens” is double-dipping on the whole pompous mockery thing. You either knew, or you didn’t. The tag of “conspiracy theorist” is used to mollify anyone who doesn’t toe the corporate line. The assertions that Hillary might not be feeling so hot were shouted down as conspiracy theory and sexism and a Huffington Post writer even lost his job for pointing out the rumours about her health. Lost his job. For simply doing his actual job and reporting on what turned out to be the truth. Dr. Drew Pinksy was threatened and his show was axed days after suggesting that Hillary Clinton’s health care was a concern. Not even her health. Just the care she was getting. Is anyone else getting creeped out here? This is like an abusive gas lighting technique, but on a massive nation-wide scale. “You’re crazy! You’re insane! She’s fine! You’re a conspiracy nut!… Oh, she’s sick, but it’s nothing, she’s our gal, she’ll pull through, nothing to see here!” All in the space of a day. Yeah, that’s totally normal. Just this last week, a deluge of data has come from Guccifer 2.0 leaks, detailing proof of absolutely astounding government appointments, dizzyingly high-up jobs, including many positions of real national power like the FCC Chairman, auctioned off to the highest bidder. Obama was cheerily raking in the dough while selling off our most powerful public positions. This is possibly the most shocking revelation of Obama’s presidency, and the most damning indictment to come to light yet on the ever-growing history of deep corporate corruption among the Democrats, and do you think it made it to any of the leading newspapers? Nuh-uh. Not a peep. Not to mention the mercenaries setting their attack dogs on the Dakota Access Pipeline protestors. I mean that literally — there was no mention of it. Except of course by Democracy Now’s Amy Goodman, who got an arrest warrant for her efforts. Even Facebook is stopping protestors from sending out live streams. Look up any of these stories and there is a dearth of material on them. If you use Google, rather than Bing or Yahoo!, you will get even less. #MediaBlackout: Mercenaries Attack Thousands of #NativeAmericans. https://t.co/ywEozSznjG #NoDAPL #NativeLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/OOPGJXJJEr — النجم الملتهب (@kingk8888) September 6, 2016 What is this, Burma? Even they have given up censorship. And at least they used to give you the courtesy of selling the newspaper with the censored news blacked out. There are no black boxes in our newspapers hinting at what cannot be safely said or is not allowed to be known though. Just mockery where the news should be. [Featured Image by Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Val Chmerkovskiy Sued For $6 Million After Posting Insulting Meme Now Read This: Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] Share 1.3k Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Caitlin Johnstone Tags: 2016, Amy Goodman, bernie sanders, blackout Comments LATEST HEADLINES Prince William Is A Multi-Talented Sportsperson, And Now Princess Charlotte Is Showing Signs Of Athletic Ability Blac Chyna Shares Dramatic Weight Loss Just 7 Days After Welcoming Baby Dream: Her Diet Secrets Alec Baldwin and Anthony Anderson Are Back To Host ‘Match Game’ And ‘To Tell The Truth’ This January Quentin Tarantino’s Latest Project Involves The New Hollywood Era, But He’s Not Revealing Much Yet Borussia Dortmund Vs. Bayern Munich: Preview, Prediction, Possible Line-Ups, Betting Tips, and Live Stream Brad Pitt Ready To Move On From Angelina Jolie With Margot Robbie? ‘Outlander’ Star Sam Heughan Opens Up About His Love Life And Mackenzie Mauzy ‘How To Get Away With Murder’ Spoilers: Why Did Wes Die, And Where Do They Go From Here? ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7 Theories: Are Sansa and Tyrion Destined To End Up Together? [Spoilers] Kourtney Kardashian And Scott Disick Are Not Living Together [Debunked] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 12.1k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 9.6k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 8.9k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 59.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 33.1k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 693 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Quentin Tarantino’s Latest Project Involves The New Hollywood Era, But He’s Not Revealing Much Yet 0 0 0 Brad Pitt Ready To Move On From Angelina Jolie With Margot Robbie? 0 0 0 ‘Outlander’ Star Sam Heughan Opens Up About His Love Life And Mackenzie Mauzy 0 0 0 ‘How To Get Away With Murder’ Spoilers: Why Did Wes Die, And Where Do They Go From Here? 0 0 0 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7 Theories: Are Sansa and Tyrion Destined To End Up Together? [Spoilers] 1 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian And Scott Disick Are Not Living Together [Debunked] 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.


About Us  |  Advertise  |  Subscribe  |  Distribute  |  About The Publisher  |  Contact Friday, 11.18.2016, 09:47 AM (GMT-5) Home Community News Opinions In Our Opinion Other Voices International U.S.A Crime Art & Culture Sahtak More النسخة العربية The American spirit didn't die on Nov. 8   |   Local Arabs and Jews join forces against bigotry   |   Republicans urge minorities to give Trump a chance, despite intolerant advisors   |   Post Trump's election: A spike in racism and hate crimes   |   Newlyweds forced to purchase their stolen jewelry back from pawn shop   |   Sheikh who publicly supports Trump is a fraud   |   We accept the democratic process and prepare to push back   |   Among devastated Arabs and Muslims, Trump's victory is a call to organize   |   Historic win for Abdullah Hammoud sets stage for challenges in state House   |   Local races drive Arab Americans to the polls Advanced Search U.S.A Walmart, Coke apologize for 9/11-themed display at Florida store | Thursday, 09.15.2016, 08:15 PM PANAMA CITY, Florida — A Walmart spokesman said a 9/11-themed display at a Florida store was designed and created by Coca-Cola. A photo of the display at the Walmart in Panama City, Fla. was posted to Twitter by user @online_shawn and immediately sparked outrage among online commentators who objected to the use of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks to sell Coke, as well as the arrangement of the Coke boxes to resemble the twin towers in front of an American flag. "We will never forget," reads a banner bearing the Coca-Cola and Walmart logos. Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson said the display was being removed following the online outcry. Crowson told the Orlando Weekly the display was pitched to Walmart by Coke, and the store approved it. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display being assembled. It was removed from our Florida store Wednesday," Walmart said in a statement emailed to Mashable. Coca-Cola spokeswoman Kimberly Kuo said the display was misinterpreted. "This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization's upcoming event," she told CNBC. "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent and we have replaced the display."  (Votes: 0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Other news: Clinton returns to campaign trail after scrutinized about health  (09.15.2016) Fake bomb, Muslim attire used in Sept. 11-timed robbery plot  (09.15.2016) Muslims are now more disliked than atheists and homosexuals  (09.15.2016) Muslim Marine claims he was forced into a dryer and burned  (09.13.2016) UPDATE : Police seek assistance in identifying man who set Muslim woman on fire  (09.12.2016) Mosque where Orlando shooter attended set on fire on eid  (09.12.2016) U.S. House votes to allow Sept. 11 families to sue Saudi Arabia  (09.11.2016) California woman sentenced for throwing hot coffee on praying Muslims  (09.10.2016) Trump supporter attacks Muslim women with babies, rips off their hijabs  (09.10.2016) Texas mattress store under fire for 'disgusting' 9/11 sale video  (09.09.2016) Top views Muslim family attacked while shopping at Dearborn Kroger Man kills neighbor he called “Dirty Arab” Three Muslims shot dead ‘execution style’ in Indiana Woman attacks praying Muslims in California park The Iraqi immigrant doctor who saved Flint Video Sayed Hassan Qazwini Resigns Events November 2016 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30       TAAN on Twitter Home    |    Gallery    |    Video    |    Faqs    |    Links    |    Site map    |    Rss    |    Archive    |    Contact Copyright © The Arab American News. All rights reserved. News, views and interviews from the Arab world and the Arab American community.

Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Allegheny Print Wal-Mart to move ahead with McCandless store plan, following court decision By Tony LaRussa | Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016, 5:18 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. The state Supreme Court on Thursday decided not to hear an appeal from a McCandless residents' group trying to block construction of a Wal-Mart store off McKnight Road. In April, the Citizens of McCandless group petitioned the high court to intervene on its behalf, after it lost its original case and a series of appeals. The group's attorney, Dwight Ferguson, said members will continue efforts to prevent Wal-Mart from building a 155,000-square-foot super store on 23 acres along Blazier Drive.“This is a multi-faceted project and there remains a number of applications and approvals the company must obtain before it can proceed,” he said. “We have been vigilant in all phases of this project and will continue to monitor the process.” Wal-Mart has not started construction. Before work can begin, the company must obtain permits from the state's environmental protection and transportation departments, according to Bruce Betty, McCandless' planning director. Those state permits are needed before the town can issue grading and building permits, he said. Wal-Mart spokesman Phillip Keene said the company plans to move forward. “With today's ruling, we'll begin the next phase of our routine diligence and planning process,” Keene wrote in an email to the Trib. Citizens of McCandless' original lawsuit — filed in Allegheny County Common Pleas Court in August 2014 on behalf of 17 residents — said, among other things, that McCandless officials failed to properly inform the public about the project. The group also has argued the store will create traffic headaches, the property is too small and its close proximity to Pine Creek poses an environmental risk. Last year, Common Pleas Senior Judge Joseph James ruled that town officials acted properly and Wal-Mart's plans met municipal zoning requirements. The group appealed that ruling in Commonwealth Court in February, but a three-member court panel upheld James' decision. In response, the group applied in March to have the full Commonwealth Court, with nine members, rehear arguments in the case. Commonwealth Court President Judge Mary Hannah Leavitt on March 31 denied the group's request, which prompted the Supreme Court filing. The municipality issued a statement Thursday saying: “With this decision from the Supreme Court, the Town of McCandless' approval of the Wal-Mart development, with the accompanying conditions, stands.” Before McCandless Council approved plans for the store in 2014, Wal-Mart agreed to 14 conditions that apply to construction vehicles, building procedures and other matters. More News Morning update: Light Up Night security, late fall planting and title games Surgeon general issues call to action on addiction Allegheny County Jail population rises as crime rate falls Atom smasher added to Carnegie Science Center miniature railroad Pittsburgh adopts 'zero tolerance' policy for misbehavior on Light Up Night Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.       Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending 52 apprehended in Westmoreland County warrant sweep Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Hurdle taking McCutchen's future with Pirates 'one day at a time' Daily Gallery View Thursday ­— Nov. 17, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Manitoba LIVE Manitoba More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Manitoba Video Walmart goes Visa free in Manitoba Mega-retailer spends $100M annually on credit card fees, hopes to save money with Visa ban CBC News Posted: Sep 15, 2016 3:44 PM CT Last Updated: Sep 15, 2016 3:44 PM CT Visa credit cards will no longer be accepted at Manitoba Walmart locations starting in October. (CBC) Related Stories New front open in Walmart's war with Visa, as cards will soon be banned in Manitoba Goliath vs. Goliath: consumers caught in middle of high-stakes fee fight between Visa and Walmart As of Oct. 24, the 16 Walmart stores found through Manitoba will no longer accept Visa at the till, the mega-retailer confirmed Thursday. Walmart Canada's Visa ban expands to Manitoba from Thunder Bay "Manitoba was the next market that we felt was the right one for us to do develop this change," Alex Robertson with Walmart Canada told CBC News in Winnipeg Thursday. Robertson said the company spends $100 million a year on credit card fees, and the move away from Visa is all about saving money. This summer Visa bit back after Walmart announced plans to stop accepting its cards. Walmart pulled Visa from stores in Thunder Bay recently and Robertson said the results there have been positive thus far. "Customers have adopted alternate forms of payments and there's been minimal disruption to shopping patterns," he added. MasterCard, American Express and Discover cards will continue to be accepted. Walmart goes Visa free in Manitoba0:44 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Saturday Sunny -2°C Sunday A mix of sun and cloud -2°C Monday A mix of sun and cloud -1°C Tuesday Chance of flurries 2°C Wednesday Sunny -1°C More Weather | Latest Manitoba News Headlines Pedestrian hit by car in Osborne Village Chilly Friday in southern Manitoba, but blizzard sweeps past to the south Health ministers meet in Ottawa to develop opioid crisis plan Mother travels from China to look for missing daughter video Teghan's top 5 things to do this weekend: Surfboards at the WAG and Beautiful Man Must Watch Police discover 3 dead bodies in Winnipeg home 1:25 Three people are dead from suspected fentanyl drug overdoses in a home in north Winnipeg. RAW: Man's best friend buddies up with gentle giant polar bear in Churchill 0:35 They make an odd couple, but a big-bodied polar bear and diminutive dog threw caution to the tundra winds and cuddled up close in Churchill over the weekend. Top News Headlines Did Trudeau tip his hand on NAFTA? Not while Trump's trade talk is all rhetoric: Chris Hall read comments Why were no SQ officers charged in Val-d'Or abuse scandal? Crown will explain today These are the most ticketed parking spots in Canada December rate rise almost certain as U.S. Fed chair resolves she won't cave in to Trump: Don Pittis Experts urge Liberals to update 'embarrassingly bad' Criminal Code read comments Most Viewed Churchill dog killed by polar bear on 'only night' owner didn't put out food Gentle giant polar bear cuddles up with dog in Churchill 3 people dead from suspected fentanyl overdoses at Winnipeg home Manitoban finds favourite musician stranded on the side of Highway 16 Comedian Dane Cook and Winnipeg crowd pull off huge mannequin challenge Winnipeggers score drugs through secret Facebook messages Kael McKenzie sworn in as 1st transgender judge in Canada Pedestrian hit by semi on Kenaston dies Winnipeg police officer stole necklaces, shared pawned profits with man he met on a call Special Coverage ABSOLUTELY MANITOBA CBC Television's showcase for made-in-Manitoba productions One-hour programs air 7 p.m. Saturdays on CBC TV in Manitoba I-TEAM Dead client not seen for 4 days, agency logs reveal Winnipeg Regional Health Authority review calls for greater accountability POLICE DIVERSITY Winnipeg Police Service lags behind city's racial diversity Police force urged to hire more Indigenous officers GAS PRICES Find the lowest pump prices in Winnipeg and Manitoba Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
null
null
Home News Opinion City News Sports Culture Features Study Break Media Search LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Hillsdale Collegian Subscribe e-edition Home News Opinion City News Sports Culture Features Study Break Media Home City News Halloween in Hillsdale Halloween in Hillsdale By Evan Brune - October 26, 2012 19 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter All across town, shops and schools are gearing up for Halloween. Restaurants are rolling out fall-themed specials, and stores are bringing in truckloads of candy, all for the holiday. “When I’m done running candy, I hurt everywhere,” a Jonesville Walmart employee said. Walmart imports approximately 60 pallets of candy in preparation for the Halloween season. “The amount of candy in each pallet depends on what kind it is. For candy corn, you’re looking at about 800 pounds [per pallet].” The amount of candy imported at Walmart will continue to increase through Halloween and Thanksgiving and peak before Christmas. Walmart was not able to release revenue numbers for their holiday sales, but candy prices range from 98 cents to $19.88 per package. Hillsdale Community Schools hold a school-wide Halloween costume dance at Hillsdale High School on Saturday, Oct. 27. All grades in the Hillsdale Community School district are invited to the dance. “All the schools participate, and all the staff dresses up and hands out candy [in the classrooms],” said Lisa Gonschorowski, a paraprofessional at Bailey Elementary School. Hillsdale Academy takes a different approach to the Halloween season. “We do not celebrate Halloween at the Academy. We do, however, have a school-wide Thanksgiving feast the Tuesday before Thanksgiving,” said administrative aide Pat Iszler. Restaurants around Hillsdale are also bringing out specials and events that represent the fall season. Oakley Deli and Party Store said that they usually will do themed desserts and promotions in conjunction with holidays, but said that they were not sure what those will be, since it is usually a “last-minute decision.” Finish Line Family restaurant also said that they will have fall-themed specials, but that they only decorate for the Christmas season. Rick Tropiano, owner of Johnny T’s Bistro, said that they will roll out seasonal specials, such as pumpkin cheesecake and pumpkin-spiced cappuccinos — all homemade from locally-grown ingredients. Tropiano also said that they will “spruce up” the inside of the building for the holiday. “We really put a lot of time and effort into it,” he said.                 ebrune@hillsdale.edu SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleWeight Watchers to shape up campus Next article2012: Worst apple shortage in six decades Evan Brune RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR City News Hillsdale Police participate in No Shave November to raise money to fight child abuse City News Christmas season events around Hillsdale include baazars, parades, and a scavenger hunt City News Historical Society awards owners of restored homes Popular Posts Trump considering Arnn for secretary of education The silent majority has spoken Winner-take-all system is a loss for democracy 5 Endearing things about Hillsdale College Alumni win state legislature elections About The Collegian Advertise With Us Archives Join the Staff Subscribe Contact e-edition Dow Journalism Program WRFH Radio Free Hillsdale The Hillsdale Collegian Michigan’s Oldest College Newspaper Copyright @2016 Hillsdale Collegian Hillsdale College
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> Local News Broward News Police name suspected armed robber fatally shot in Wal-Mart parking lot Police name suspected armed robber fatally shot in Wal-Mart parking lot Police name suspected armed robber fatally shot in Wal-Mart parking lot Police name suspected armed robber fatally shot in Wal-Mart parking lot Mike ClaryContact ReporterSun Sentinel Police identify suspected armed robber shot dead by Wal-Mart employee in parking lot of Sunrise store Privacy Policy Police have identified the suspected armed robber shot dead Wednesday by a Wal-Mart employee in a store parking lot as Terrence G. Pearson, 28. Ervin L. Jones, also 28, who works for Wal-Mart, told investigators he shot the man in self-defense with a handgun he was licensed to carry. "At this time no charges will be filed but the case is being sent to the State Attorney's office," Sunrise police said in a statement released Thursday. "Investigators believe this was an attempted robbery and the employee fired in self-defense," said Sunrise Police Officer Chris Piper. Jones told police that about 3:45 a.m. he was in his car in the parking lot of the store at 3306 N. University Drive, prior to beginning his 4 a.m. shift, when the man later identified as Pearson approached with a gun in his hand. Piper said there was "an exchange of words" between the two before Jones "fires multiple rounds." Nastashia Jones told reporters at the scene Wednesday that her brother had begun working at Wal-Mart about two months ago. He is licensed to carry a concealed weapon, she said. Pearson does not have a criminal past in Florida, according to Florida Department of Law Enforcement records, but Sunrise police said he has an extensive criminal history in the northeastern U.S. mwclary@sunsentinel.com Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Crime Sunrise shooting investigation Wal-Mart employee shoots would-be robber dead, police say All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 48 20 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province as the companies fight over Visa's credit-card transaction fees. Post to Facebook Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province as the companies fight over Visa's credit-card transaction fees.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2d2Dlls {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens Nathan Bomey , USA TODAY 7:50 p.m. EDT September 15, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Some 16 Walmart locations in Canada will no longer accept Visa credit cards starting on October 24 amid disputes over fees. Walmart has more than 400 locations throughout Canada. Newslook Walmart customers line up to check out at the register. (Photo: Gunnar Rathbun/Invision for Walmart/AP Images) Shoppers who slap down Visa credit cards to pay for their purchases at some Walmart stores in Canada may be in for a shock. The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa credit cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province, Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove confirmed Thursday in an interview, the latest escalation in a tiff over credit-card transaction fees. Although still limited to a fraction of Walmart's vast network, the fight reflects a deepening divide over the transaction fees Visa charges in Canada, where Walmart operates more than 400 stores. USA TODAY Jay Z gets soaked by Tidal streaming music service The boycott started this summer with Walmart's three stores in Thunder Bay, Ontario. Hargrove said Walmart (WMT) is "working to keep prices low" for shoppers -- and that apparently includes the hidden cost of those fees. "Unfortunately Visa has not been willing to provide a reasonable rate to continue accepting their cards," he said. "We believe credit-card fees should be lower for everyone, whether they're a large retailer, small business or charity." Visa (V) said in a statement that the decision was "disappointing" but said the company "remains committed to actively working with Walmart so that Canadians can use their Visa cards wherever they wish to shop." USA TODAY Monsanto, Bayer deal raises farmers' anxiety level In November 2014, Visa and Mastercard agreed to lower credit-card transaction fees in Canada to 1.5% beginning in April 2015 amid mounting pressure from Canadian authorities to cap fees and pass along savings to merchants. The Canadian finance minister said Tuesday that it would review recently completed "independent audit findings that both Visa and MasterCard have met their respective commitments to reduce credit-card interchange fees" to ensure that the companies are following through. Hargrove said the timing of Walmart's Manitoba boycott was not related to the Canadian finance minister's announcement. The boycott officially begins Oct. 24. He declined to reveal details of Walmart's fees arrangement with Visa. "We're committed to continuing discussions," he said, and "just looking to get a rate that's more reasonable." The dust-up between Walmart and Visa includes a dispute over how the Thunder Bay boycott has played out. "We know from our experience in Thunder Bay that consumers want the option to use the payment method of their choice when shopping — including at Walmart stores," Visa said. USA TODAY Apple shares soar 3.4% as multiple iPhone models sell out But Hargrove said "things went better than expected" in Thunder Bay. "Customers see the value we're providing and they've adjusted their payment methods accordingly," he said. Walmart shares rose 0.6% in early trading to $71.94. Visa shares were down a penny to $81.48. Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. 48 CONNECTTWEET 20 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2d2Dlls

null
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart Canada ratchets up battle with Visa Walmart Canada is extending its ban on accepting Visa credit cards.   Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 First Look: Nike SoHo is something to see — and experience Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Ballard Designs expanding with new store prototype Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 48 20 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province as the companies fight over Visa's credit-card transaction fees. Post to Facebook Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province as the companies fight over Visa's credit-card transaction fees.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2d2Dlls {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens Nathan Bomey , USA TODAY 7:50 p.m. EDT September 15, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Some 16 Walmart locations in Canada will no longer accept Visa credit cards starting on October 24 amid disputes over fees. Walmart has more than 400 locations throughout Canada. Newslook Walmart customers line up to check out at the register. (Photo: Gunnar Rathbun/Invision for Walmart/AP Images) Shoppers who slap down Visa credit cards to pay for their purchases at some Walmart stores in Canada may be in for a shock. The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa credit cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province, Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove confirmed Thursday in an interview, the latest escalation in a tiff over credit-card transaction fees. Although still limited to a fraction of Walmart's vast network, the fight reflects a deepening divide over the transaction fees Visa charges in Canada, where Walmart operates more than 400 stores. USA TODAY Jay Z gets soaked by Tidal streaming music service The boycott started this summer with Walmart's three stores in Thunder Bay, Ontario. Hargrove said Walmart (WMT) is "working to keep prices low" for shoppers -- and that apparently includes the hidden cost of those fees. "Unfortunately Visa has not been willing to provide a reasonable rate to continue accepting their cards," he said. "We believe credit-card fees should be lower for everyone, whether they're a large retailer, small business or charity." Visa (V) said in a statement that the decision was "disappointing" but said the company "remains committed to actively working with Walmart so that Canadians can use their Visa cards wherever they wish to shop." USA TODAY Monsanto, Bayer deal raises farmers' anxiety level In November 2014, Visa and Mastercard agreed to lower credit-card transaction fees in Canada to 1.5% beginning in April 2015 amid mounting pressure from Canadian authorities to cap fees and pass along savings to merchants. The Canadian finance minister said Tuesday that it would review recently completed "independent audit findings that both Visa and MasterCard have met their respective commitments to reduce credit-card interchange fees" to ensure that the companies are following through. Hargrove said the timing of Walmart's Manitoba boycott was not related to the Canadian finance minister's announcement. The boycott officially begins Oct. 24. He declined to reveal details of Walmart's fees arrangement with Visa. "We're committed to continuing discussions," he said, and "just looking to get a rate that's more reasonable." The dust-up between Walmart and Visa includes a dispute over how the Thunder Bay boycott has played out. "We know from our experience in Thunder Bay that consumers want the option to use the payment method of their choice when shopping — including at Walmart stores," Visa said. USA TODAY Apple shares soar 3.4% as multiple iPhone models sell out But Hargrove said "things went better than expected" in Thunder Bay. "Customers see the value we're providing and they've adjusted their payment methods accordingly," he said. Walmart shares rose 0.6% in early trading to $71.94. Visa shares were down a penny to $81.48. Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. 48 CONNECTTWEET 20 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2d2Dlls
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Coming to a Walmart near you? Robo-shopping carts CBS News 9/15/2016 Aimee Picchi © Rick Wilking/Reuters lower-than-expected quarterly revenue, hurt by an unexpected decline in U.S. comparable sales and what the company called a competitive retail environment. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/Files (UNITED STATES - Tags: BUSINESS) America’s biggest private employer might be getting ready to outsource some jobs to robots. Walmart (WMT) has patented a robotic device that would create self-driving shopping carts, giving customers free hands while they shop. While that might benefit shoppers, the robot could lead to cutbacks in staff if it lives up to the potential highlighted in the patent, ranging from retrieving containers and abandoned items to helping with stocking and checking inventory. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 69.21 +0.02 +0.03% A wave of automation is predicted to take 5.1 million jobs away from humans​ over the next five years, with low-paying, low-skill jobs considered those most at risk (even pizzerias may see more robots​ and fewer cooks in their kitchens). Walmart has always had a strained relationship with labor, ranging from pushing back against labor unions to coming under fire for what customers have complained are understaffed stores. Robots could prove an answer to Walmart’s labor headaches. “In the modern retail store environment, there is a need to improve the customer experience and/or convenience for the customer,” the patent said. “Customers often require assistance that employees of the store are not always able to provide.” Also according to the patent: “Due to high employee turnover rates, available employees may not be fully trained or have access to information to adequately support customers.” Abandoned shopping carts, messy aisles, misplaced inventory and improper shelf prices are among the issues the patent highlighted. Robo-carts could be summoned by customers, respond to voice commands and use scanners to notice inventory issues. The system uses a number of small “motorized transport units” that would connect to the bottom of carts, as well as a central computer, video cameras, Wi-Fi and other components. Walmart said robo-carts are part of its ongoing efforts to improve customer service. “As the retail landscape continues to evolve, we want to be able to serve customers when and how they want to shop. That means testing new and innovative ways to serve the customer, which we’ve done through different initiatives like our grocery pickup service,” the company said in a statement.  It continued: “And while it’s too early to determine how we would even potentially use this technology, our goal always is to find ways to help simplify processes to help our associates better serve our customers as they will continue to play a critical role in the success of our business.” Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News National Toy Hall of Fame finalists 2016 CBS News 5 steps to stop living paycheck to paycheck CBS News CBS News View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada September 15, 2016 9:49 am Updated: September 15, 2016 11:42 am Manitoba Walmart stores to stop using Visa cards, no timeline for the rest of the country By Rebecca Joseph National Online Journalist, Breaking News  Global News BIV: Visa declares war on Walmart 03:27 BIV: Visa declares war on Walmart 02:30 Customers giving Walmart no credit for Visa decision 00:58 ‘Seems like a ridiculous decision’: Walmart customers react to store not accepting Visa cards What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Walmart Canada has announced that stores in Manitoba will no longer accept Visa cards starting Oct. 24, but hasn’t provided any details on when the change will be coming to the rest of the country. A spokesperson from the retail giant confirmed that signage announcing the change is set to go up in the affected stores Thursday. Story continues below Spokesperson Alex Roberton said Manitoba was chosen second because it provided a “seamless transition” but didn’t elaborate on why. He confirmed that the policy is still on track to roll out nationwide, but wasn’t able to provide a timeline for any other provinces. The move comes as the retail giant and the credit card company remain locked in a battle over merchant fees. READ MORE: Visa vs. Walmart: Credit-card giant not flinching as Walmart begins not accepting cards Walmart pledged in June that it would stop accepting Visa at its more than 400 Canadian stores, saying it pays more than $100 million in fees annually for customers using credit cards. Manitoba is the second location to stop accepting Visa cards; in July the policy rolled out in three stores in Thunder Bay, Ont. WATCH: Walmart stops accepting Visa cards at 3 Canadian stores   The credit card company called the decision to expand the ban on their card “disappointing.” “Walmart’s decision to further limit Visa acceptance in Manitoba is disappointing,” a Visa spokesperson said in an email to Global News. “Visa remains committed to actively working with Walmart so that Canadians can use their Visa cards wherever they wish to shop.” Visa said it had offered Walmart one of the lowest rates for any merchant in the country but the retailer wanted more. In a separate statement issued on Wednesday, finance minister Bill Morneau said that Visa has met a previous, voluntary commitment to reduce its interchange fees, but there was no immediate data on how high the fees actually are. *With files from the Canadian Press © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error interchange fees visa manitoba walmart VISA visa walmart battle Walmart Walmart Canada walmart stops accepting visa Walmart Thunder Bay Walmart Visa Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jon Gosselin says Kate Gosselin ‘won’t tell’ where their son Collin is WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: National Recreation and Park Association September 15, 2016 10:13 ET National Recreation and Park Association Receives $2.5 Million Grant to Increase the Number of Meals Served to Youth Through Commit to Health Program Funding Is Part of More Than $33 Million in Grants Awarded to 11 National Non-Profits by Walmart and the Walmart Foundation ASHBURN, VA--(Marketwired - September 15, 2016) - The National Recreation and Park Association (NRPA) is one of 11 organizations that share the commitment to fight hunger with Walmart and the Walmart Foundation and were selected to receive grant funding to increase the number of healthy meals served to youth at park and recreation sites through NRPA's Commit to Health program. With the USDA reporting that in 2015, 42.2 million people in America, including more than 13 million children lived in households at risk of struggling with hunger, the Walmart and the Walmart Foundation grants are helping provide meals to those who need them the most and helping students access the nutritious food they need for focused minds -- both in and out of school. The $2.5 million in funding provided to NRPA from the Walmart Foundation will help over one million children and families by: Increasing the number of healthy meals children in low-income communities receive through the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) during out-of-school times. Providing nutrition literacy to children and families that create behavior change by teaching the importance of healthy eating. Implementing nutrition and physical activity standards that increase access to healthier foods and increase opportunities for physical activity. Promoting meal and program efficiencies that will decrease food waste and lead to more sustainable meal programs. "NRPA shares Walmart and the Walmart Foundation's commitment to fighting hunger and is thrilled to receive this grant funding -- continuing our long-standing partnership," said Barbara Tulipane, NRPA President and CEO. "Through this partnership we have been able to provide nearly 60 million healthy meals to youth, including 20 million meals in 2015, through our Commit to Health and nutrition programs." "These philanthropic investments are the latest examples of our long-standing commitment to hunger relief and dedication to ensuring every family has access to healthy and affordable food in the times and places they may need it," said Karrie Denniston, Senior Director of the Walmart Foundation. "Collaboration and dedication are key to making a positive impact on the issue of hunger in the U.S. and we're proud to work with the National Recreation and Park Association and our ten other nonprofit partners to support hunger relief and nutrition education for families in need. Thanks to the programs our partners have implemented, millions of children and families will have access to the healthy food needed to support a successful school year and beyond." The grant awarded to NRPA is one of 11 grants awarded to national nonprofit organizations totaling more than $33 million to fund nutrition education and meal programs for youth, and increase families' access to fruits and vegetables through state and federal nutrition assistance programs. In October of 2014, Walmart announced a commitment to create a more sustainable food system, with a focus on improving affordability by lowering the "true cost" of food for both customers and the environment, increasing access to food, making healthier eating easier, and improving the safety and transparency of the food chain. The commitment includes a goal of providing four billion meals to those in need by 2020. For more information about the grant awarded to the NRPA, visit www.nrpa.org/committohealth. About the National Recreation and Park Association The National Recreation and Park Association is a national not-for-profit organization dedicated to advancing park, recreation and conservation efforts that enhance quality of life for all people. Through its network of more than 50,000 recreation and park professionals and citizens, NRPA encourages the promotion of healthy and active lifestyles, conservation initiatives and equitable access to parks and public space. For more information, visit www.nrpa.org. For digital access to NRPA's flagship publication, Parks & Recreation, visit www.parksandrecreation.org. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better -- anytime and anywhere -- in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,535 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs more than 2 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Online merchandise sales are available at http://www.walmart.com and http://www.samsclub.com. Contact Information Contact: Heather Williams 703.858.4743 hwilliams@nrpa.org   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Latest News Dow 18,887 -16.71 -0.09% Nasdaq 5,337 +3.07 +0.06% S&P 500 2,186 -0.76 -0.03% 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:33 A.M. ET Donald Trump tabs Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype 9:21 A.M. ET Shipping stocks on track for big bounces 9:15 A.M. ET Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 9:10 A.M. ET Tesla's stock jumps as SolarCity merger approval will free stock to rally 9:09 A.M. ET Regal Entertainment shares are down 5.5% premarket 9:07 A.M. ET Updated My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — what can I do? 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs 9:00 A.M. ET Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 9:00 A.M. ET An Illustrated History of Thanksgiving Stuffing 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release National Recreation and Park Association Receives $2.5 Million Grant to Increase the Number of Meals Served to Youth Through Commit to Health Program By Published: Sept 15, 2016 10:13 a.m. ET Share Sep 15, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Funding Is Part of More Than $33 Million in Grants Awarded to 11 National Non-Profits by Walmart and the Walmart Foundation ASHBURN, VA--(Marketwired - September 15, 2016) - The National Recreation and Park Association (NRPA) is one of 11 organizations that share the commitment to fight hunger with Walmart and the Walmart Foundation and were selected to receive grant funding to increase the number of healthy meals served to youth at park and recreation sites through NRPA's Commit to Health program. With the USDA reporting that in 2015, 42.2 million people in America, including more than 13 million children lived in households at risk of struggling with hunger, the Walmart and the Walmart Foundation grants are helping provide meals to those who need them the most and helping students access the nutritious food they need for focused minds -- both in and out of school. The $2.5 million in funding provided to NRPA from the Walmart Foundation will help over one million children and families by: Increasing the number of healthy meals children in low-income communities receive through the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) and the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) during out-of-school times. Providing nutrition literacy to children and families that create behavior change by teaching the importance of healthy eating. Implementing nutrition and physical activity standards that increase access to healthier foods and increase opportunities for physical activity. Promoting meal and program efficiencies that will decrease food waste and lead to more sustainable meal programs. "NRPA shares Walmart and the Walmart Foundation's commitment to fighting hunger and is thrilled to receive this grant funding -- continuing our long-standing partnership," said Barbara Tulipane, NRPA President and CEO. "Through this partnership we have been able to provide nearly 60 million healthy meals to youth, including 20 million meals in 2015, through our Commit to Health and nutrition programs." "These philanthropic investments are the latest examples of our long-standing commitment to hunger relief and dedication to ensuring every family has access to healthy and affordable food in the times and places they may need it," said Karrie Denniston, Senior Director of the Walmart Foundation. "Collaboration and dedication are key to making a positive impact on the issue of hunger in the U.S. and we're proud to work with the National Recreation and Park Association and our ten other nonprofit partners to support hunger relief and nutrition education for families in need. Thanks to the programs our partners have implemented, millions of children and families will have access to the healthy food needed to support a successful school year and beyond." The grant awarded to NRPA is one of 11 grants awarded to national nonprofit organizations totaling more than $33 million to fund nutrition education and meal programs for youth, and increase families' access to fruits and vegetables through state and federal nutrition assistance programs. In October of 2014, Walmart announced a commitment to create a more sustainable food system, with a focus on improving affordability by lowering the "true cost" of food for both customers and the environment, increasing access to food, making healthier eating easier, and improving the safety and transparency of the food chain. The commitment includes a goal of providing four billion meals to those in need by 2020. For more information about the grant awarded to the NRPA, visit www.nrpa.org/committohealth. About the National Recreation and Park Association The National Recreation and Park Association is a national not-for-profit organization dedicated to advancing park, recreation and conservation efforts that enhance quality of life for all people. Through its network of more than 50,000 recreation and park professionals and citizens, NRPA encourages the promotion of healthy and active lifestyles, conservation initiatives and equitable access to parks and public space. For more information, visit www.nrpa.org. For digital access to NRPA's flagship publication, Parks & Recreation, visit www.parksandrecreation.org. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, -0.78% helps people around the world save money and live better -- anytime and anywhere -- in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,535 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs more than 2 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Online merchandise sales are available at http://www.walmart.com and http://www.samsclub.com. Contact: Heather Williams 703.858.4743 hwilliams@nrpa.org © 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $68.65 -0.54 (-0.78%) Volume 939.0K Open $68.93 High $69.40 Low $68.52 P/E Ratio 15.06 Div Yield 2.89 Market Cap 220.8B LatestNews
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 48 20 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province as the companies fight over Visa's credit-card transaction fees. Post to Facebook Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province as the companies fight over Visa's credit-card transaction fees.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2d2Dlls {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart's showdown with Visa in Canada deepens Nathan Bomey , USA TODAY 7:50 p.m. EDT September 15, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Some 16 Walmart locations in Canada will no longer accept Visa credit cards starting on October 24 amid disputes over fees. Walmart has more than 400 locations throughout Canada. Newslook Walmart customers line up to check out at the register. (Photo: Gunnar Rathbun/Invision for Walmart/AP Images) Shoppers who slap down Visa credit cards to pay for their purchases at some Walmart stores in Canada may be in for a shock. The big-box chain will stop accepting Visa credit cards at its 16 stores in Manitoba province, Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove confirmed Thursday in an interview, the latest escalation in a tiff over credit-card transaction fees. Although still limited to a fraction of Walmart's vast network, the fight reflects a deepening divide over the transaction fees Visa charges in Canada, where Walmart operates more than 400 stores. USA TODAY Jay Z gets soaked by Tidal streaming music service The boycott started this summer with Walmart's three stores in Thunder Bay, Ontario. Hargrove said Walmart (WMT) is "working to keep prices low" for shoppers -- and that apparently includes the hidden cost of those fees. "Unfortunately Visa has not been willing to provide a reasonable rate to continue accepting their cards," he said. "We believe credit-card fees should be lower for everyone, whether they're a large retailer, small business or charity." Visa (V) said in a statement that the decision was "disappointing" but said the company "remains committed to actively working with Walmart so that Canadians can use their Visa cards wherever they wish to shop." USA TODAY Monsanto, Bayer deal raises farmers' anxiety level In November 2014, Visa and Mastercard agreed to lower credit-card transaction fees in Canada to 1.5% beginning in April 2015 amid mounting pressure from Canadian authorities to cap fees and pass along savings to merchants. The Canadian finance minister said Tuesday that it would review recently completed "independent audit findings that both Visa and MasterCard have met their respective commitments to reduce credit-card interchange fees" to ensure that the companies are following through. Hargrove said the timing of Walmart's Manitoba boycott was not related to the Canadian finance minister's announcement. The boycott officially begins Oct. 24. He declined to reveal details of Walmart's fees arrangement with Visa. "We're committed to continuing discussions," he said, and "just looking to get a rate that's more reasonable." The dust-up between Walmart and Visa includes a dispute over how the Thunder Bay boycott has played out. "We know from our experience in Thunder Bay that consumers want the option to use the payment method of their choice when shopping — including at Walmart stores," Visa said. USA TODAY Apple shares soar 3.4% as multiple iPhone models sell out But Hargrove said "things went better than expected" in Thunder Bay. "Customers see the value we're providing and they've adjusted their payment methods accordingly," he said. Walmart shares rose 0.6% in early trading to $71.94. Visa shares were down a penny to $81.48. Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. 48 CONNECTTWEET 20 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2d2Dlls
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia     Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Femail Fashion Finder Food Femail Boards Beauty Gardening Deals Blogs Baby Blog My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all BREAKING NEWS: Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  'I love you folks': Unemployed father 'who shot and killed two Iowa cops' sent a gushing note to police department four days before the ambush attacks Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Fight brews over attorney general slot as Texas oilmen push for 'Lyin' Ted Cruz but immigration hard-liners want dark-horse Kansas official  Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the White House insists Congress must make the change Previous Next 'They're near the condoms': Hilarious texts between and a mother and her VERY embarrassed 13-year-old daughter as she tries to find tampons in a supermarket go viral  Isabella Miller, 13, from Cabot, Arkansas, texted her mother for help as she attempted to find a box of tampons in her local Walmart Turned into a hilarious exchange about how hygiene products are hidden Teen drew a 'map' of the store, with 'the vagina zone' cordoned off By Unity Blott For Mailonline Published: 05:18 EST, 15 September 2016 | Updated: 09:12 EST, 15 September 2016 e-mail 1.6k shares 260 View comments Buying feminine hygiene products can be baffling for a young girl - especially when they're tucked away on the bottom shelf. Luckily one 13-year-old managed to see the funny side as she attempted to locate the tampons in her local supermarket - and created a hilarious text exchange in the process. Isabella Miller, from Cabot, Arkansas, popped into her local Walmart while her mother Belinda Hankins waited in the car outside. 'You stay in there until you find them': Belinda Hankins shared the exchange online after her daughter Isabella popped into a local branch of Walmart to find some tampons When she insisted that there were no tampons to be found, her mother replied: 'Yes I promise they are. Look near condoms are sex lube.'  She told her daughter she 'swore on her life' the tampons would be near the diapers, adding: 'There is no way they don't carry those essential items. You stay there until you find them.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next From a banana served inside a bag of spaghetti to a tin of... Would YOU wash your sanitary pad and re-use it? New feminine... Share this article Share She urged her daughter to 'stay in there' until she found the tampons. Isabella eventually found the item in questions, writing: 'OH WAIT. They're here tucked away in a corner unlabelled.' Her mother replied sarcastically: 'No big sign reading "SUPER PERIOD CENTER?"'  Isabella eventually found the item in questions, writing: 'OH WAIT. They're here tucked away in a corner unlabelled.' Her mother replied: 'No big sign reading "SUPER PERIOD CENTER?"' 'They labelled the tiny shelf of joint braces,' Isabella wrote. 'But not the massive aisle of stuff for your vagina?' Belinda deadpanned: 'Because there is NEVER a sign for that section. Vaginas are SECRET.' Her daughter took the joke one step further, writing: 'VAGINAS ARE MYTHS, WHISPERED QUIETLY IN SECRET AMONG ONLY THE BRAVEST OF MEN, COURAGEOUS ENOUGH TO EVEN MENTION THE NAME.' She continued: 'BUT SERIOUSLY WHY ARE MEN SO AFRAID OF WOMEN AND VAGINAS?? DO THEY THINK IF THEY ACKNOWLEDGE THEIR EXISTENCE WE WILL SHOOT OUR LASER ESTROGEN BEAMS OUT OF OUR EYES AT THEM AND DISINTEGRATE THEM WITH EASE.' DO NOT ENTER: Isabella drew her mother a humorous 'map' of the supermarket layout on her phone, with 'the vagina zone' cordoned off and 'danger: do not enter' signs. After Belinda encouraged her to continue to 'smash the patriarchy', the teen even drew her out a humorous 'map' of the supermarket layout - with 'the vagina zone' cordoned off and 'danger: do not enter' signs. Since Belinda proudly posted the exchange on Facebook, it has been liked and shared by more than 100,000 people. She said that while she never expected it to go viral, she was pleased that most people appeared to find it as 'funny and innocent and hilarious' as she did. Belinda took to Facebook to share the exchange, calling it the 'highlight' of her parenting week Since Belinda posted the exchange on Facebook, it has been liked and shared by more than 100,000 people - with Beth Albert Couch writing: 'Omg I love her' However, some had been laying into her 'like a pack of wild dogs', openly criticising her parenting abilities. 'I can't even count the parenting mistakes I've been accused of,' she wrote.  'Or the excessive mansplaining about how easy it is to find feminine hygiene products or how you could always just ask someone or just BE PREPARED, etc. etc.  'Oh, men of the Internet, is there anything you don't know better than us, even about menstruation? Clearly not.' Read more: Update Your Browser | Facebook Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.6k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read 'This flaw is part of my life': Model highlights the huge port-wine stain birthmark on her face with GLITTER to show 'imperfections' are beautiful Tissue anyone? Members of the online SNEEZE FETISH community open up about their unusual obsession (and there's a whole thread dedicated to Justin Bieber's cold) Feeling a little worse for wear? Make up company launches HANGOVER SPRAY that promises to 'revive' your face with coconut water the morning after a big night 'She blurted out "I f***** Lenny"': Heartbroken men reveal the shocking reasons why their girlfriends rejected their marriage proposals Woman expecting twins gives birth to ONE prematurely... and is still pregnant with the other FOUR WEEKS later 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from wedding desserts company after she failed to answer their calls 'She's a miracle': Woman, 40, who had her tubes tied for 12 YEARS welcomes a baby girl after having the procedure reversed MORE HEADLINES What happened to the campaign trail's cuddly Granny Clinton? Hillary drops the glam hair and make-up following her crushing election defeat  Did YOU make love on your wedding night? People reveal the bizarre reasons they failed to have sex on their first night of marriage (including trips to a strip club and dogs who threw up)  No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a furry teddy bear 'She blurted out "I f***** Lenny"': Heartbroken men reveal the shocking reasons why their girlfriends rejected their marriage proposals 'I caught her sending sexy selfies in her wedding lingerie to an ex-fling...' Bridesmaids reveal the shocking and cringe-worthy moments they realized their friend's marriage wouldn't last  ‘He asked me if I’d cheated’: Mother was forced to deny being unfaithful upon discovering she was pregnant - months AFTER her husband's vasectomy  From lunchbox 'violations' to hair in the plug hole and a dig at a cheating ex: Are these the most hilarious passive aggressive notes EVER? MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Walmart Canada to extend Visa ban to all 16 stores in Manitoba The retailer says it will no longer accept the credit cart on Oct. 24 at its 16 stores in the province as it remains locked in a battle over merchant fees. Walmart Canada says it will start informing its Manitoba customers today that all 16 stores in the province will not accept Visa as of Oct. 24. The move comes as the retail giant and the credit card company remain locked in a battle over merchant fees.  (Ryan Remiorz / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo)   By The Canadian Press Thu., Sept. 15, 2016 Walmart Canada says it will start informing its Manitoba customers today that all 16 stores in the province will not accept Visa as of Oct. 24. The move comes as the retail giant and the credit card company remain locked in a battle over merchant fees. Walmart pledged in June that it would stop accepting Visa at its more than 400 Canadian stores, saying it pays more than $100 million in fees annually for customers using credit cards. But the retailer took only a small step toward fulfilling that June pledge when it dropped the credit card from its three locations in Thunder Bay, Ont., on July 18. Visa, the country’s largest credit card firm, shot back by encouraging Walmart customers “to use their cards at the more than 5,200 stores in Thunder Bay that accept Visa.” Article Continued Below Visa said it had offered Walmart one of the lowest rates for any merchant in the country but the retailer wanted more. If it had given in, Visa said, Walmart’s merchant fees would have been lower than those charged to local grocery markets, pharmacies, convenience stores, charities and schools. When the battle first erupted, the Retail Council of Canada called on the federal government to intervene to mandate lower fees for all merchants. A spokesman for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said he was waiting to receive a report on the matter before deciding “how we can ensure this market stays competitive in the future.” Read more about: Walmart The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs ‘I don’t give a damn about no damn Drake night:’ Durant Raptors lost on Drake night but social media loving what happened off the court. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
null

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog What one Trump supporter means when he says America has lost its greatness The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jim Tankersley and Scott Clement September 15 Follow @jimtankersley Follow @sfcpoll Johnny West started a landscaping business with his son in order to supplement his income. Now, it's his only paid work. Photo by: Jim Tankersley/The Washington Post LINCOLN, Del. — He is sitting on his mother's back porch on a September day too hot to earn any extra money mowing lawns. He's wondering what he'll do if he loses his slot at a Walmart truck repair shop next month, his surgically repaired back too fragile to do the work at the moment, and he is remembering a time when America felt more safe, more free and more like a family. "I'm doing worse than my parents' generation," he says, and then he counts the ways that's so: "I can't speak my mind. I can't get ahead. They take every dime I make anymore — in taxes, in insurance, whatever." Johnny West is 45, a grandfather, and an enthusiastic supporter of Donald Trump, whom he considers a kindred talk-from-the-gut spirit. In many ways, he embodies the anxieties and resentments that differentiate Trump's backers from other Americans. Feelings of economic decline, political powerlessness and antagonism toward immigrants distinguish Trump supporters from Clinton’s, according to new polling from The Washington Post and ABC News. For likely Trump voters such as West, those feelings intertwine in complicated ways. More than a third of Trump supporters in the new poll said that life has gotten worse for them compared to their parents, double the rate of Clinton supporters. Trump supporters are four times more likely than Clinton backers to say the United States is “less great than it has been in the past.” They are twice as likely to believe they have no influence whatsoever in Washington. [Is America still great? Clinton and Trump voters have starkly different views.] Almost a third of Trump supporters say that immigrants "strongly" weaken American society, four times the rate of Clinton supporters. But perhaps surprisingly, Trump backers who say they aren't getting ahead in the economy show little evidence of believing immigrants — or any other group of Americans — are getting ahead, either. Only 4 percent of Trump supporters say life is getting worse for them, but getting better for other groups of people. West, who has lived his whole life in this cornfield-crowded section of southern Delaware, says he and his neighbors have been deprived of economic opportunity by a corrupt government and profit-hungry corporations. "Everybody's getting gotten," he says. "I don't think anybody's getting ahead at my expense. They're just keeping us all down." When West was growing up here, his father worked in a plastics factory — still works there, in fact — and his mother raised her children at home. One income was enough to afford small luxuries, like dining out and the occasional vacation, he recalls. At age 18, West started a working life, and a family, of his own. He got married, had a daughter and took a job in the local plastics factory. One day, he fell from the top of a machine that turned pellets into sheets. He could barely move the next morning. Doctors told him he had herniated disks, but he was not a candidate for surgery. With limits on his mobility, he had to leave his job. West went on to sell cars, mow lawns and work several other jobs. He earned a commercial trucking license and finally, a decade ago, put a self-taught skill with engines to work in a repair shop for Walmart. He was making good money: $25 an hour, before insurance and taxes. The bad back finally wore him down. Late last year, his legs felt like a hundred needles were stinging them. Under a special program designed to help employees with spinal problems, Walmart agreed to pay for back surgery. He took six months of disability pay. When it ran out, he was limited in how much weight he could lift, so he could not perform his job at the repair shop. He has not drawn a paycheck since July, though Walmart said it would save a spot in the company for him for 12 weeks if he can find another suitable position. He expects to be formally let go in October. "I live here with my mom," West, now divorced, says from her porch, motioning toward the back door of a low-slung house. "This ain't mine. If it weren't for her, I'd be done." West's daughter is now grown, with two kids of her own. He has a son who is an assistant manager for a grocery store. He worries about their opportunities even more than his. He says big businesses don't care about their workers like they used to, and government officials cut deals to enrich those businesses — and themselves. He believes that all racial and ethnic groups are struggling equally in that system. But he also says, without mentioning specific examples, that immigrants in Delaware drive nicer cars than he does, and get free health care for the government, and that angers him. “I don’t have free health care. I don’t have anything handed to me,” he says. “I’m not bitter about that, but it does anger me. It ain’t fair, but you suck it up and move on.” In Trump's approach to governing, including his tax plan, West sees hope for a better economy and more job creation. In the candidate's style, he sees someone he can, at last, relate to in government. "He's a lot like me," West says. "He gets himself in trouble because he speaks right from his heart." West has been speaking for an hour, and the porch is heating toward boiling. He walks into the yard. He had plans to mow some lawns later in the morning with a young associate, as part of a side business he had started to supplement his income but loomed as his only source of it. But the forecast calls for temperatures in the 90s, and they decide to do the work the next day, when it should cool down. They drive to drop a mower off with West's son, who needs to cut his own yard. Along the way they roll down miles of back roads to a highway, past rows of brown corn stalks. Big green harvesters slice through the fields, knocking the husks to the ground. Emily Guskin contributed. business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jim Tankersley covers economic policy for The Post. He's from Oregon, and he misses it. Follow @jimtankersley Scott Clement is the polling manager at The Washington Post, specializing in public opinion about politics, election campaigns and public policy. Follow @sfcpoll Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump just took credit for stopping Ford from moving a plant to Mexico. But it wasn’t planning to. 2 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 3 With Treasury candidate come possible conflicts 4 Larry Summers: ‘Political correctness’ has become a codeword for hate 5 Obama administration cancels oil and gas leases on Blackfeet tribe’s sacred grounds Market Watch DJIA 0.19% NASDAQ 0.74% Get quote Last Update: 11/18/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
null
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch U.S. government targets Deutsche Bank in mortgage ... CBS This Morning Trump picks attorney general CBS This Morning U.S. soldiers' deaths in Jordan CBS This Morning Allies' concerns over Trump CBS This Morning Arizona cop punches woman CBS This Morning Trump Tower security CBS This Morning Trump son-in-law's role CBS This Morning Calif. prepares for next quake CBS This Morning Trump picks Sessions for AG post Trending Fake news spurs Trump backers to boycott PepsiCo Trending 5 fatal entertainment industry accidents Trending McDonald's will offer table service Trending Mark Burnett, Roma Downey to start religion-themed TV network Trending How to save on your Thanksgiving dinner Trending Got a boomerang kid? There's a contract for that Trending Sad toy story: hottest holiday items already in short supply Trending "Gilmore Girls" revival stokes a cottage industry Trending Company holiday parties are getting festive again Trending Biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years, says AAA Trending Will President Trump's tax audit be safe from political meddling? Trending American Apparel is back in bankruptcy court By Aimee Picchi MoneyWatch September 15, 2016, 5:00 AM Coming to a Walmart near you? Robo-shopping carts Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email America’s biggest private employer might be getting ready to outsource some jobs to robots. Walmart ( WMT) has patented a robotic device that would create self-driving shopping carts, giving customers free hands while they shop. While that might benefit shoppers, the robot could lead to cutbacks in staff if it lives up to the potential highlighted in the patent, ranging from retrieving containers and abandoned items to helping with stocking and checking inventory. A wave of automation is predicted to  take 5.1 million jobs away from humans over the next five years, with low-paying, low-skill jobs considered those most at risk (even pizzerias may see more robots and fewer cooks in their kitchens). Walmart has always had a strained relationship with labor, ranging from pushing back against labor unions to coming under fire for what customers have complained are understaffed stores. During the past two years, Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in education, training and higher wages, with about $1.5 billion of that investment coming in the current fiscal year, a spokesman said. Robots could prove an answer to Walmart’s labor headaches. “In the modern retail store environment, there is a need to improve the customer experience and/or convenience for the customer,” the patent said. “Customers often require assistance that employees of the store are not always able to provide.” Also according to the patent: “Due to high employee turnover rates, available employees may not be fully trained or have access to information to adequately support customers.” United States Patent and Trademark Office Abandoned shopping carts, messy aisles, misplaced inventory and improper shelf prices are among the issues the patent highlighted. Robo-carts could be summoned by customers, respond to voice commands and use scanners to notice inventory issues. The system uses a number of small “motorized transport units” that would connect to the bottom of carts, as well as a central computer, video cameras, Wi-Fi and other components. Walmart said robo-carts are part of its ongoing efforts to improve customer service. “As the retail landscape continues to evolve, we want to be able to serve customers when and how they want to shop. That means testing new and innovative ways to serve the customer, which we’ve done through different initiatives like our grocery pickup service,” the company said in a statement.  It continued: “And while it’s too early to determine how we would even potentially use this technology, our goal always is to find ways to help simplify processes to help our associates better serve our customers as they will continue to play a critical role in the success of our business.” © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features DuPont ends pension contributions for 13,000 U.S. workers World markets shift focus to U.S. interest rates Trump claims credit for Ford U-turn on moving some output to Mexico Battered Volkswagen to axe 30,000 jobs “A slugfest between uncertainty and speculative fever” Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 11 of the best new cars for 2017 6 things NOT to buy on Cyber Monday 10 high-end kitchen upgrades to whip through the holidays 10 minimalist houses to help you scale back this fall How stores trick you into spending more for holidays Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
null
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: siouxcityjournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections Activate Digital Subscription E-edition Download our Apps Buy, Sell & Jobs Jobs Classifieds Wheels for You Auto Siouxland Homes Business Directory SCJ Deal of the Day Siouxland Bid & Buy Weekly Ads Weather Sponsored by: Bomgaars News Business Elections Local National State & Regional Weird News Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists The Mini Polls Speak Out SUX 911 Iowa Cold Cases Police Calls Woodbury County Jail Resources Iowa Courts Online Crime Watch Sports High School College Musketeers Explorers Bandits Outdoors Obituaries Local Obituaries Area Obituaries Search Life Arts and Theatre Food and Cooking Faith and Values Health, Medicine and Fitness Home and Garden Music Relationships and Special Occasions Television Calendar Photos and Video Gallery Order Photos Videos Extra! Blogs Calendar Coffee Break Multimedia Contests Games & Puzzles Siouxland History Weekender Kids Scoop Goodfellow Charities Contact Us Customer-service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 34° sponsored by Sioux City, IA (51101) Today Windy. Snow will taper off and end this morning leading to cloudy conditions this afternoon. Some rain may mix in early. Temps nearly steady in the mid 30s. Winds NW at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of snow 100%. Snow accumulating 1 to 3 inches.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Gusty winds diminishing after midnight. Low 22F. Winds NW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 7:52 am Full Forecast News Sports Obits Buy, Sell & Jobs Life Extra! Events Close 1 of 2 Provided This is the note and the checkbook returned in the mail to Brandon Marreel of Sioux City. The letter isn't signed. There was no address on the envelope. Marreel is thankful for the doer of this good deed. Buy Now Jim Lee, Sioux City Journal CNOS athletic trainer Brandon Marreel watches with North High football players during a 2012 football practice. featured GALLAGHER: Check(book) is in the mail TIM GALLAGHER tgallagher@siouxcityjournal.com Sep 15, 2016 (…) Provided This is the note and the checkbook returned in the mail to Brandon Marreel of Sioux City. The letter isn't signed. There was no address on the envelope. Marreel is thankful for the doer of this good deed. Buy Now Jim Lee, Sioux City Journal CNOS athletic trainer Brandon Marreel watches with North High football players during a 2012 football practice. SIOUX CITY | That sinking feeling didn't sneak up on Brandon Marreel as much as it punched him in the gut. Driving away from Walmart at Southern Hills he scrambled for his checkbook. Wallet? There. Cell phone? Got it. Checkbook? Nope. Marreel, a Sioux City resident, had run errands that morning. His last stop involved a grocery run at Walmart. He knew he had his checkbook with him at that time. He turned around and found the cart he'd used. His checkbook, a brown leather one with a Wells Fargo logo, wasn't there. "I went inside and spoke with the checkout teller, who remembered me being there," Marreel said. "We didn't find anything. I checked at Customer Service. Nothing there, either." Marreel did what many men do in a time of panic: He called his wife. "I called Heather to have her walk me through what I should do," Brandon Marreel said. "She asked me if I still had my phone, my wallet and my ID, which I did. She told me to come home and we'd look there before contacting the bank." Within minutes Marreel was home poking around the house. Finding nothing, he called the officials at Wells Fargo who set up a new account, created a link from his old account to the new one and transferred his money. "I was worried, of course, that someone had my checkbook and would maybe be writing checks all weekend," he said. "You know, I hate to admit this, but I haven't been asked for my ID while writing or cashing a check in a long time." He had three checks that hadn't been cashed. One was to his church and one was to the Catholic schools in Sioux City, where the Marreels send their children. Marreel spent the Labor Day weekend with some feelings of unease, as you can expect. "He cancelled the checks through Wells Fargo and they put out a fraud alert," Heather said. "We knew that everything would be covered from that standpoint, but you still wonder. We hoped it wasn't floating around with someone who would do harm." And then last Tuesday, a letter came in the mail. It had no return address and no signature on the card. The postmark was blurred, so the Marreels couldn't even tell where it came from. They recognized what was inside, however. It was Brandon's checkbook. And a card that read, "Hi - found this in a shopping cart at Walmart parking lot 9/2/16 -- there was no phone # and I do not live in the city, hope you have a great day. "Believe. Be in faith -- live with God. I am in His welfare (sic) line too!" "We have no idea who it came from," Brandon said. "Even though I can't use the checks any more, it's good to know no one else can use them." Brandon, an athletic trainer for CNOS, helps dozens, if not hundreds, of people each month. He eases their physical pain while providing a sense of relief and well-being. He remarked that an anonymous stranger did it for him with this simple act of kindness. "There is still hope that people would rather protect one another than take from one another," he said. "You read about these things happening and then it happened to us," Heather concluded. "It's a nice lesson for our girls to see: There are good people in the world." The Marreels got another package in the mail on Monday. This item didn't come from an anonymous source. The package came from Wells Fargo: New checks. More information +2 GALLAGHER: Orange City resident reflects on post-Sept. 11 counseling work ORANGE CITY, Iowa | Kim Scorza pauses during an interview on Thursday outside The Old Factory Coffee Shop in Orange City. Northwestern College… GALLAGHER: Ida Grove worker values hard work, and his holiday GALLAGHER: AWOL teams irk Navy veteran during national anthem GALLAGHER: Angel sees that a Charger can fly home for Christmas Tags Brandon Marreel Heather Marreel Wal-mart Sioux City Southern Hills Wells Fargo Tim Gallagher Heather Check Checkbook Weekend Marreels Click here for local election updates Latest in section GALLAGHER: TV flap clouds state title picture GALLAGHER: Former GOP lawmaker charges Trump for killing conservatism GALLAGHER: A fumbling of flag, anthem etiquette GALLAGHER: Olympic race creates practice memory at Unity Christian GALLAGHER: Home of 'The Mound' honors community pillar for 125th Most Popular Names released in fatal Friday crash GALLAGHER: Tough break for BH/RV player as team plays for title Hinton man hospitalized after morning crash involving city transit bus Witnesses tell of murder suspect's mood swings Shirvani: Proposed changes at Briar Cliff a step toward top-flight institution Business Directory Latest Local Offers C.A.P Recycling CAP Recycling is a recycling company for Aggregate Products(Concrete and Asphalt). For more information, click here! Updated Nov 11, 2016 Meier Towing, Inc. Are you in need of an auto recovery service? Meier Towing can help you reclaim your vehicle in a quick, hassle-free fashion.712-258-0609 Updated Nov 11, 2016 Most Popular GALLAGHER: Tough break for BH/RV player as team plays for title GALLAGHER: Latina reflects on first vote, Trump win GALLAGHER: TV flap clouds state title picture GALLAGHER: Cowboy beans ride again for Dakota City election lunch GALLAGHER: Cubs curse from 1945 blesses Buena Vista baseball Currents Puzzles Palace 50 rising actors under 30 +10 Election 2016 Live Before and after: How the last 10 presidents physically changed while in office Baseball Every MLB team's least valuable player of 2016 Today's Birthdays, Nov. 18: Margaret Atwood Today In History, Nov. 18: Jonestown, Guyana Today’s top pics: Trump name change and more Flagstaff police officer punches woman in face Nobel winner Dylan is likely in Stockholm next year Long Island's 'Amityville Horror' house is being bought Another blocked kick, more 'catastrophic' results for Saints Priscilla on life with Elvis: 'Truly lived in a bubble' Latest Local Offers Submit Experience The Difference With HealthinEx® Carpet One's antimicrobial flooring installation system is a  Fashion Floors Carpet One 305 W 7th St, Sioux City, IA 51103 712-252-4382 Ads How can I tell if I have a hearing loss? If you answer yes to some of the following questions, you may have a hearing loss. Siouxland Hearing Healthcare 2916 Hamilton Blvd Lower C, Sioux City, IA 51104 712-258-3332 Ads Culligan® Bottled Water Coolers The best name in water comes in a bottle! Culligan 1111 W 21st St, Sioux City, IA 51103 712-252-4479 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Bernie Sanders says Democrats need 'new direction' Video: Intelligence director James Clapper submits resignation Video: Meet America's new first family — the Trumps Video: President Obama urges Donald Trump to 'stand up' to Russia Sites & Partners Business Journal Jobs Kids Scoop Prime Shopper's Guide Siouxland Homes Siouxland Life Visitors Guide Weekender Wheels for You Tools & Services E-edition Subscribe Customer-service Find Sioux City Jobs Advertise Announce your event Contact Us RSS FAQ © Copyright 2016 Sioux City Journal, 515 Pavonia St. Sioux City, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Investigations Politics The Take DC Dialogue Business Consumer Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings Watch Necn Live at Noon and 5 p.m. 49° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Visit our partner sites Send us Videos and Pictures Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Wal-Mart's Robot Shopping Carts Are Coming for Us All The patent included drawings of what they might look like, but noted that some elements were simplified and exaggerated for clarity NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest tech updates in your inbox Privacy policy | More Newsletters US Patent Office A drawing from Wal-Mart's granted patent for a system of automated shopping carts. Wal-Mart customers will be able to use a handheld device to summon an empty cart and have it whisked their way via "motorized transport unit," according to Wal-Mart's patent, granted last week. The customer's location is determined by optical sensors in the device which will receive information from smart LEDs in the store, NBC News reported. The system's "central control circuit" will also track shopping cart idle times to see which ones are not being used and implement image sensors to make sure they're empty. 6-Year-Old NY Boy Who Offered Refugee a Home Meets Obama And the carts will even be able to return themselves. Get More at NBC News Published at 11:52 PM EDT on Sep 14, 2016 | Updated at 9:21 AM EDT on Sep 15, 2016 Leave Comments Consumer TV Listings News Weather Investigations Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2016 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices

null
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Wal-Mart garners patent for smart cart technology, part of effort to test many ideas and technologies by Kim Souza. Published Sep 14th, 2016 5:42 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas A robotic shopping cart is yet another example of the “test and learn” mindset infused into the DNA of Wal-Mart Stores by founder Sam Walton. The company hopes self-driving shopping carts could enhance consumer experiences as well as increase operating efficiencies. The U.S. Government on Sept. 8 approved a patent for Wal-Mart Stores that details technology that could be applied to shopping carts to automate their movements when connected to smartphones or other devices. The smart cart that can drive itself is not a new concept, but if automobiles, semi trucks and airplanes can be equipped to self pilot it stands to reason shopping carts could do the same. Lorenzo Lopez, corporate spokesman for Walmart U.S., said the retailer had a concept for the smart cart but it’s just one of the dozens of technology applications being examined by Wal-Mart. “We continually are looking at applications of technology that allow us to better serve our customers. This concept would be part of the shopping experience and it could do some other functions as well. There is not a plan in place at this time regarding this concept,” Lopez told Talk Business & Politics. He said there would be lots of testing and learning before any concept could be put into the retailer’s everyday operation, and he offered no timeline for the testing phase. The 62-page patent application noted one use for the technology concept would be to equip typical shopping carts with detachable motors. The motors that would be placed below the bottom rack of the shopping cart would have video cameras and sensors and be controlled from a central command center and easily interfaced with mobile devices such as smart phones. (Link here for the PDF of the application.) A customer would request a cart and one would be dispatched. The self-driving carts return to the cart dock when groceries are unloaded by the shopper at their car. There would be no need for shoppers to push the carts toward a holding area and there would be no empty carts left stranded in parking lots or store aisles. The application also addressed how motorized carts could help stores keep track of inventory. If a manager wants to see if a particular item is in stock after searching the inventory system, a smart cart could be sent to the shelf to ensure the product is there. The camera on the device could photograph the shelf to ensure correct pricing and labeling. While robots have become standard in manufacturing, they are still a novelty in retail and other applications. Wal-Mart told the media during its shareholder week in June that they have a team of scientists and technology experts continually looking at ways technology can be used to deliver efficiency and convenience for the business and customers. The innovation team also is looking at drone technology and exploring how that can be used across the business. Carol Spieckerman, CEO of Bentonville-based Spieckerman Retail, said smart carts are part of a move to personalize the retail experience. “Smart cart technology is a retail inevitability and no two retailers will approach it the same way. It is yet another example of the digital rethinking of physical retail and reinforces retailers’ determination to create more engaging and intuitive in-store experiences,” Spieckerman told Talk Business & Politics. “Smart carts also have the potential to become a powerful personalization tool that can track shopping lists, store personalized payment information and even monitor shoppers’ dietary preferences and restrictions. The possibilities are truly endless. For retailers, having the ability to track shoppers’ in-store journeys and tie them to actual purchases will be invaluable.” Spieckerman also said Wal-Mart is fully invested in trying as many ideas as possible. “The retailers that have made it this far have to be in a constant state of ‘multi-testing’ and Walmart is embracing this sensibility as never before. The days of going all-in or chain-wide on a single experiment or, conversely, dabbling in innovations one-at-a-time are over. Having the courage to fail fast and move on will also be critical going forward. No sacred cows or hanging on and hoping for traction,” Spieckerman said. This summer Wal-Mart confirmed it also is evaluating another smart cart prototype developed by Five Elements Robotics. Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said the retailer was evaluating a smart cart prototype in its lab and giving feedback to the robotics company. Five Elements Robotics first developed Budgee in early 2014 with the goal of seeing the robot integrated into daily life. The robot is equipped to carry items for the user. Budgee weighs less than 20 pounds and can be driven by remote control using a smartphone or tablet. The company said in 2014 a second target for this type of smart cart would be retail chains and mall management services. “For retail chains such as Walmart, KMart, Target, etc, having a fleet of Budgees will not only draw shoppers due to the novelty, but also help them with sales,” Budgee said in a statement. This type of smart cart can be equipped with helpful information such as where is the store items are located and also reminded customers of sales items and their locations in the store. The robot can also be equipped with a scanner to better facilitate checkout and allow customers to skip the line. The company also said the smart cart could alert management if a customer tries to leave with an item they didn’t purchase. Budgee retails for $1,399 and can carry up to 50 pounds. It is not clear what prototype Walmart is evaluating. Analysts agreed it’s unlikely that Walmart would spend that kind of money on shopping carts, but given the retailer’s own tech savvy perhaps there is a way Wal-Mart can make its own shopping carts smarter in the years to come. The recent patent approval could be a step in that direction. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 40shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive 2 changes approved for site plans for new Dunkin' Donuts in Brooklyn Friday Sep 16, 2016 at 6:36 PM Sep 16, 2016 at 6:36 PM Francesca Kefalas For The Bulletin BROOKLYN — It's almost time to make the doughnuts. The small plaza planned for the former site of St. John Lutheran Church across from Wal-Mart has been back to the Planning and Zoning Commission several times over the summer, but its owner says he is now ready to build. “It would have been easier to do everything all at once, but the timing didn’t work out that way,” said Norm Thibeault, of Killingly Engineering Associates, which represents Toudis LLC, the developer of the plaza. Toudis has been approved to take out a large retaining wall that was part of its first approval from the commission. The removal of the wall, which Thibeault said in June was estimated to cost $200,000, was made possible because Jimmie Moutoudis, owner of Toudis LLC, purchased an adjacent property and can now grade the slope. In August Toudis also asked for a change to the look of the building. Now, instead of one building which would house a Dunkin’ Donuts and other businesses, the Dunkin’ Donuts will stand alone with a 15-foot patio between it and the rest of the building. Thibeault said the overall footprint of the building remains the same. Moutoudis said he plans to use a new store design by Dunkin’ Donuts that would make the location one of only a handful in the country with that new look. “This will be a special place,” Toudis said. “There won’t be another Dunkin’ Donuts like it anywhere around here.” Moutoudis has indicated he wants to break ground as soon as possible. Syl Pauley, engineer for the Northeast Connecticut Council of Governments and the town engineer for Brooklyn, said the removal of the retaining wall and the new plan for grading the property meets all the necessary codes and standards. Community Development Director Jana Butts Roberson said the new landscape slope will be much more visually appealing than the retaining wall would have been. The slope will be landscaped with a small shrub native to the area. Roberson and Commission Vice Chairman Michelle Sigfridson had hoped to persuade Toudis to remove five parking spots meant for employees from its site plan. “I don’t think they are necessary,” Roberson said. “I think it will be more attractive without them.”Other commission members, however, felt that as long as the parking was within regulations they should not force Toudis to reduce parking spaces. “I think the employee parking spaces are a matter of personal preference to the extent it complies with our regulations and it’s reasonable, I have a hard time telling them not to put in the parking spaces,” commission member Jeryl Mohn said. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Details emerge in shooting by police at Kearny Walmart wallmart.jpg The Walmart Supercenter in Kearny at 150 Harrison Ave. (File photo) Print Email Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal By Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal Follow on Twitter on September 16, 2016 at 5:50 PM, updated September 16, 2016 at 7:47 PM comments A man suspected of shoplifting at the Walmart in Kearny today was shot by a police officer when he drove his vehicle at the officer while trying to flee, the town's mayor said this afternoon. The accused shoplifter, Ramon Martinez, 43, of Newark, and a second man, Diego C. Dosreis, age 28, also of Newark, have been charged, Hudson County Prosecutor Esther Suarez said. Martinez is charged with eluding, receiving stolen property and shoplifting. Dosreis has been charged with receiving stolen property, Prosecutor's Office spokesman Ray Worrall said. The Kearny police officer who shot Martinez was not injured, but he was evaluated at a local hospital, which is standard procedure when an officer fires his weapon, Kearny Mayor Al Santos said. The officer, who was not identified, is a veteran of the force, the mayor said. Martinez was struck in "an extremity," the Prosecutor's Office said, and he is in stable condition at a local hospital. Santos said the shooting appeared to be justified. "The suspect is believed to have been a fleeing shoplifter and he threatened the officer with his vehicle," Santos said. "The officer had to respond. He shot at the suspect because he was threatened by the suspect's vehicle as he tried to get away from the police officer trying to apprehend him." Santos said the officer fired multiple shots and at least one struck Martinez in the parking lot of the store on Harrison Avenue.  The incident is being reviewed, as is customary, by the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office, which did not provide any further details on the incident. "When faced with an oncoming car, it seems to me it was an appropriate response," Santos said. "The incident is under review and if there are any questions, we will be looking at them." Santos credited his detectives for tracking down the shoplifter and his alleged accomplice. "The detective who were able to apprehend the suspect, their police work was outstanding," Santos said. "The suspect had fled after the shooting in the parking lot and the Kearny Detective Squad, based on information they collected at scene, were able to apprehend him later in Newark. "It's important that the suspect was arrested ... (as) it is also a deterrent because you know there is an effective response and police officers will be on the scene promptly and an arrest will be made." Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 68° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 68° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Victoria volunteers help flood victims in Louisiana Sept. 16, 2016 at midnight A multi-church team of volunteers from the Crossroads area assembled to help the flood victims of Baton Rouge. The group of 45 volunteers, ranging in age from 14 to 71, from area churches - Faith Family, Parkway Baptist, Northside Baptist, First English Lutheran, Emmanuel Lutheran in Inez and First Baptist of Lolita - gave up their Labor Day weekend to serve others devastated by the recent floods in Baton Rouge. This team personally saw to it that more than 8,000 square feet of buildings and homes were gutted and cleaned up to air out so that rebuilding can take place. Read more To read more about the trip see Barbara Breazeale's blog at victoriaadvocate.com/blogs/reader/entries/2016/sep/07/victoria-angels-work-flood-victims-september-6-2016/ To help If you want to help, please send a check or Wal-Mart gift cards to Bethany Church at 13855 Plank Road, Baker, LA 70714. You can contact Cameron Wiggins at 225-773-7581. Let them know how you want it used. Call or send to Faith Family Church, 2002 Mockingbird Lane, Victoria, TX 77903, 361-573-2484 and they will direct you. Talk to Outreach Pastor Mark Longoria. Scott Bauer, volunteer missions coordinator for Faith Family Church, helped organize a trip from Victoria to Louisiana to help flood victims. It became a multi-church effort with 45 volunteers ranging in age from 14 to 71 from Faith Family, Parkway, Northside Baptist and First English Lutheran churches making the Labor Day weekend trip. Victoria businessman Steve Seawalt donated two camper trailers to be used for flood victims to live in and four vehicles for single mothers. Below is a condensed blog post by Barbara Breazeale about the trip. Scott Bauer, a parishioner of Faith Family Church, had a great idea. He wanted to bring a crew from Victoria to Baker, La., and clean up flood debris. My husband, Bill Pozzi, told me about it this way, "Guess what? You and I are going to Louisiana." The people of Faith Family Church responded in volume, and 45 people left for long Labor Day weekend. Our destination was Bethany Church. When we arrived, we were greeted by unbelievable devastation at Bethany Church. The downstairs of this huge church and school had 3.5 to 4 feet of water inside it, and according to bystanders, "looked like huge indoor pool." All of the walls up to 4 plus feet were knocked out down to the studs. Carpet and flooring was ripped up and furniture had been ditched onto the front area. We were able to stay for free in their upstairs rooms, men in one wing and women in the other. They provided blow up mattresses and had trucks with showers in them for all the other volunteers who had come to help. More than 140 volunteers were in the building that weekend, some from Oklahoma, some from Tennessee. Bethany was sending out gut and clean teams. When you gut a home, they want all the wet drywall down to the studs removed, all furniture, all carpet, cabinets, all contents, so that the next team of "spray for mold" can come in. That is looked upon as homeowner or business' job, not insurance company. What was so amazing were the stories. I spoke to Betty Ann Thomas, who is on the Pastoral Support Team at Bethany. Their staff had been working 18 days with no break when we arrived, and their church is open 24 hours a day. Thomas said their church's first thought was to help widows, elderly and single moms. They put out an application for people to sign up for help, and they were inundated. This help was offered to everyone, not just people who went to Bethany Church. Thousands of homes were destroyed and people needed help. Most of the homes were not in a floodplain, and the residents had never experienced water of any kind. Ninety percent, including Bethany Church, did not have flood insurance. Thomas said her home was on very high ground so many people parked their vehicles at her house. She was on the front porch having coffee when it began to rain so hard that you could not see. The area received more than 33 inches of rain in less than 24 hours. When the rain slowed a bit, she saw a wall of water coming toward their house. All of the cars they were saving were destroyed and her house took on 6 feet of water. Luckily, she has flood insurance, but even that does not begin to cover all of it. Thomas has an amazing attitude about all of it. She says she gets teary-eyed when she thinks of the lost photos and sentimental items. She found her deceased father's picture in the water, shook it off and it had faded, but she was happy about that. I gave her gift card donated by an angel in Victoria and she cried. She sang to me her song, "Lord, I look to You" to describe her feelings. The first day, they asked me to help with phones as they were processing hundreds of people. I called for more than five hours, and the stories and tears were flowing. The rest of the crew went to a local church and gutted it. That story was amazing as well. The church has a small congregation and 4,000 square feet of building. They had prayer warriors praying to get help as their group tried to do as much as they could. The problem was, so many of their own were gutting their own houses. When the Faith Family "machine" arrived the congregation was in tears and felt their prayers had been answered. The machine gutted the entire place in half a day and took out all the contents to the street. I walked neighborhoods handing out gift cards donated by angels in Victoria Jerry Beezet is retired and in his 70s. He had lived in his neighborhood for more than 35 years, which never flooded. He broke down crying when I handed him a gift card. Beezet has no insurance and lost everything. One home, which took on water over the roof line, was just a stick house inside when I arrived. The residents said they had five crosses in their house. When they opened the door, chairs were slammed against windows and everything moved about the house, but the five crosses never moved. She smiled and said she knew God was with her. One of my favorite stories was Lucille Cooper, a lovely white-haired lady. For 40 years, she has lived in her home with her horses and six dogs. On the day when it rained and rained, she got her horses and dogs out and came back to secure some items. The back window blew out with huge wall of water and she ran to get into the attic. She looked out and the water was a foot from the bottom of the attic floor. She used her cellphone to call for help, and the first responder arrived on a Jet Ski. They cut a hole in her roof and she rode out on the Jet Ski. Her home is a total loss, and she is living in trailer until she decides what to do. She and I prayed together as well. I felt like crying, but she was smiling and OK. Everyone who made this trip will never be the same again. If you came with troubles and problems, you soon realized that yours were easy compared to what we saw. It restored your faith in God and humanity. RELATED Memorable meals in our lives Multibillion-dollar complex still a possibility for Victoria Veterans escape through bow hunting Thursday's TV spotlight Habitat fundraiser to feature speed painter -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 14  Port Lavaca man auditioning for 'America's Got Talent' 08  Medical examiner: Methadone caused jailed teen's death 06  Woman asks that people pray for America, president 05  Jury acquits teen of assault 05  Former president, first lady visit DeWitt County Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 9/16/2016 3:46 PM Fox Valley police reports Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Batavia • Virginia C. Malone of Aurora was charged with retail theft at 4:37 p.m. Wednesday at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, according to police. She is accused of stealing cosmetics. Her age and address were not provided. • Zikeda M. Blakely, of the 1200 block of Nantucket Road, Aurora, was charged with retail theft at 11:19 a.m. Tuesday at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, according to police. • A battery and a memory card were stolen out of a cellphone at 7:06 p.m. Tuesday at McDonald's, 125 W. Wilson St.. • A pair of sunglasses was stolen out of a vehicle on the 1700 block of Fox Trail Drive, it was reported to police at 7:39 p.m. Tuesday. • A credit card and a driver's license were stolen out of a vehicle on the 1000 block of Carr Court, it was reported to police at 8:58 a.m. Monday. • Computer parts were stolen on the 1000 block of Hubbard Avenue, it was reported to police at 1:40 p.m. Monday. Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: News Aurora Batavia Police Blotter Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals Classifieds Classified Ads Local Deals About Us Community September 16, 2016 3:45 PM Myrtle Beach-area organizations need your help Saturday Wish List i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Donations/volunteers: Coastal Animal Rescue is in need of donations of cash, sheets, blankets, towels and volunteers. Golfers are needed for sixth annual golf tournament on Oct. 3, at Wachesaw Plantation. http://coastalanimalrescue.org/golf_home.html Volunteers: Phoenix Renaissance, Inc. is in need of a bookkeeper or accountant. Once known as the Racepath Community Association, in 1994 Phoenix Renaissance was incorporated as a 501 (c) 3 non-profit organization and expanded its outreach beyond the Racepath Community to all low-income families throughout Horry County. 843-283-3864 Volunteers: Neighbor to Neighbor is seeking volunteer office assistants to work at least one day a week from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Monday – Friday. Duties vary but will require basic computer skills to learn the software used to match drivers with Neighbor’s needs. Located at 921 Kings Highway, Myrtle Beach. 843-353-0214 www.gracefullyaging.org Donations: Georgetown County Parks and Recreation is seeking donations for “Fund Your Park” program that runs through Sept. 23. The community’s help is needed to make enhancements to an upcoming project that will create lighted multipurpose fields and a six-lane athletic track on the grounds of Beck Recreation Center next year. To make a donation, www.gtcounty.org or go directly to http://fundyourpark.org/campaign/detail/4719 . Donations: AARP-South Carolina and the community are sponsoring a Veteran’s Stand Down, Sept. 23, in Myrtle Beach. Items needed are used eyeglasses, low denomination gift cards to fast food chains, Wal-Mart, etc. For pickup call 803- 873-2266 or dgleason@aarp.org Donations: Life Ministries and Walk Into Your Inheritance Outreach Ministries is accepting gently used clothes, coats and toys. Free clothing giveaway will be held 10 a.m. Sept. 24 at House Hold of Faith, 1290 Dennison Ave., Myrtle Beach. Donations can be dropped off at 507 N. Oak St., Myrtle Beach or 1757 Stanley Road, Supply N.C. 321-961-9913 or 910-294-0656 Volunteers: SC CARES needs two volunteer face painters, a cornhole board and bowling set (both sized for children) for their 10th “Animalversary” celebration to be held from 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Oct, 1, Pet Galley, 4484 U.S.17 Business, Murrells Inlet. Event includes, food, crafts, games, music, holiday gifts, jewelry, books and table top trees. 843-506-2688 or www.SC-CARES.org. Call for pick-up. Volunteers: SCORE provides free business mentoring services to help new and existing entrepreneurs grow their businesses. Would you like to be a SCORE volunteer? We have members who volunteer their time mentoring new and existing businesses, as well as teaching workshops/presentations, fundraising, and more. Previous business management, skills, or ownership experience is preferred. Apply at www.score.org/volunteer. Volunteers: Meals on Wheels of Horry County is in need of drivers to deliver meals to those in need in the Little River, Conway, and Myrtle Beach areas. If you have an hour and a half one day per week to help, 843-340-5982 or visit www.mowhc.org. Donations: Tara Hall Home for Boys is in need of cash donations to maintain our program of care, discipline, education and family for the boys in our care. Gift cards are a big help. Donations can be mailed to P.O. Box 955, Georgetown, SC 29442. 843-546-3000 Donations: The South Carolina Youth Advocate Program serves foster youth in the area. They are in need of school supplies, bunk beds, car seats, diapers, Wal-Mart or Target gift cards and monetary donations. Drop off donations or mail checks to 148 Elk Drive, Unit 4, Murrells Inlet, SC 29576. 843-238-9691 or lwatson@scyap.com Donations: Family Outreach is in need of baby formula, new or gently used infant, toddler, and children’s clothing newborn to size 5, infant and children’s socks, toddler and children’s underwear-new only, baby wash/lotion, baby bottles, diaper rash cream, baby nail clippers, nasal bulb, brushes/combs, copy paper, new book bags and school supplies. 843-234-2350 Donations: North Strand Housing Shelter is in need of paper towels, cleaning supplies, HE laundry detergent liquid or pods, heavy-duty, plastic forks, knives and spoons. Drop off donations at Mattress Direct, 587 U.S. 17, North Myrtle Beach or the shelter, 2335 S.C. 9 W., Longs. Also, in need of volunteers. 843-756-9488 or 843-421-4135. Donations: Friends of Surfside Library need paperback or hardback books, children’s books, puzzles, DVDs and CDs for monthly book sale. Leave at the circulation desk or 843-238-5869 or 843-238-5032 for pick up. No textbooks, magazines or encyclopedia. Donations: Humane Society of North Myrtle Beach is in need of paper towels, white and colored computer paper, kitten and puppy food, treats for dogs and cats, kitty litter, cat toys, pet beds, collars and leashes, bleach, dish and laundry soap. Donations can be dropped off at 409 Bay St. or 843-249-4948 or nmbhumanesociety@gmail.com Donations: The Salvation Army food pantry is in need of vegetables, soups, fruits, canned meats, cereals, pasta, rice, peanut butter, jelly, juice, and personal hygiene products. All nonperishable and hygiene items may be dropped off at any of the Horry County Family Store locations. Perishable items needed are hot dogs, ground beef and chicken; should only be dropped off at Food Pantry, 1415 Second Ave., Conway. 843-488-2769 or donation pickup 843-381-8080 Donations: All 4 Paws hears the voices of abandoned animals in our community. Clorox wipes, Dawn dishwashing detergent, HE laundry detergent, tall kitchen and 55-gallon garbage bags, Pine Sol, and paper towels. Items can be dropped off at: 708 Petigru Road, Pawleys Island. Visit All4PawsSC.org to volunteer, adopt or foster. Donations: Keep Our Pets Food Bank is in need of dry cat/dog food, wet cat/dog food, cat/dog treats, cat litter, beds - all sizes, toys and puppy pads. Call 843-651-0778 or keepourpetsfoodbank@yahoo.com. Items can be dropped off at 4764 U.S. 17 Bypass S., Murrells Inlet. Donations: The Friends of the North Myrtle Beach Library are accepting used books for its resale book racks. Please drop the books off at the library during regular library hours at 910 First Ave. S. The proceeds are used to purchase items for the library. 843-915-5281 Volunteers/donations: Sav-R-Cats is in need of volunteers to clean and maintain adoption center. Donations in need of HE laundry soap, window cleaner, paper towels, Purina Naturals cat food and monetary donations are always needed. 843-222-8057 Volunteers/donations: Bikini Beach Cat Rescue needs members of the community to become involved in the organization. Donations of money or time would be greatly appreciated. We help community residents with low-cost spay/neuters. If you have the time, please volunteer. We desperately need a grant writer, trappers, crates and people who can help with fundraisers and have ideas on ways to raise money. 843-655-7881 Volunteers/donations: Kind Keeper Animal Rescue is in need of volunteers for kennel clean up, office help, and event helpers. Donations needed are cleaning supplies, cat litter, canned dog and cat food, treats and more. View complete list on kindkeeper.org. 843-855-1398 or kindkeeper@yahoo.com. Volunteers/donations: Kare Team Sanctuary is in need of volunteers who are passionate about the rescue and rehabilitation of our canine friends. We need people who can commit to one or two afternoons per week for two to three hours. Foster homes are also needed. Donations of food, treats and/or toys, cleaning supplies and more are always needed. 843-399-9290 Volunteers/donations: Whiskers Animal Rescue and Sanctuary is looking for volunteers to help clean and maintain the cat sanctuary and kitten nursery, update social media sites, help with grant writing, foster and/or help with adoption events, craigslist sales of donated items, and fundraising. Donation needs are bleach, laundry detergent, wet and dry Friskies, Costco, Sam’s or Wal-Mart gift cards and used van. Kitty condos, scratching posts always welcome. We collect clean aluminum cans for recycling to raise funds to support the sanctuary. Located in the Loris area (just 4 miles from S.C. 22 and S.C. 905). 843-455-6199 or daren@warssc.org. Donations/volunteers: The Myrtle Beach Shore Birds, area representatives for the Quilt of Valor Foundation, are accepting monetary donations or patriotic fabric to make and award a comforting and healing quilt to give to service members and veterans. One quilt can cost up to $250 to complete. Your tax-deductible gifts buys fabric for quilt tops and backing, and pays for batting. We are looking for quilters to make tops and longarmers to quilt the tops. 843-902-7584 and jwobb@aol.com Information The Saturday Wish List is a place for nonprofit organizations or clubs to list their current needs. We will not publish anything regarding the exchange of labor for money or the exchange of items for money. The deadline is 5 p.m. Tuesdays. Submissions must be sent in on a weekly basis. Call the voicemail at 843-626-0282 or email features@thesunnews.com. Leave your name and contact information. Compiled by Lisa Urban. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Community Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:44 Booker T. Washington community has mixed comments on new Futrell Park fence Pause 0:51 One suspect detained, one at large after incident at Broadway at the Beach 1:58 Veronica Thompson remembers son Levi Moody's life 1:28 The week ahead for Myrtle Beach: Nov. 21 - Nov. 27 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 1:50 Burgess community celebrates WWII veteran's 100th birthday 2:50 Levi Moody stars in talent show 1:22 Fugitives, on the run from police, fled to Broadway at the Beach 3:02 She wants to be the first deaf ‘Top Chef’ 1:07 Brad Redding golf tip (Nov. 15, 2016) Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:23 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:59 a year ago Billy Roberts talks old times at Myrtle's Market 1:27 2 years ago Conway wets down brand-new fire engine in ceremony and pushes truck into new home View more video Community Collection planned for Socastee flood victims Grand Strand Newsmakers Myrtle Beach-area organizations need your help Saturday Swap Area groups, nonprofits can submit holiday wish lists for publication Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Read today's eNewspaper News Maryland Harford County The Aegis Walmart expects to open expanded Abingdon store in 2019 Abingdon Walmart expansion MATT BUTTON | AEGIS STAFF / Baltimore Sun Expansion of the Walmart store in Abingdon is expected to begin in 2018 . The store would grow from 137,449 square feet to 187,627 square feet. The upgraded store is expected to open to the public in the spring of 2019. Expansion of the Walmart store in Abingdon is expected to begin in 2018 . The store would grow from 137,449 square feet to 187,627 square feet. The upgraded store is expected to open to the public in the spring of 2019. (MATT BUTTON | AEGIS STAFF / Baltimore Sun) Bryna ZumerContact ReporterThe Aegis Walmart's Abingdon store is expected to be bigger than Fallston's in 2019 Privacy Policy Walmart hopes to start construction on its Abingdon store expansion in 2018, with "minimal impact on store operations," the company said Wednesday. The Constant Friendship Boulevard retail store would grow from 137,449 square feet to 187,627 square feet, according to a site plan submitted earlier to the Harford County government. The expanded Abingdon store will be about 24,000 square feet larger than the Fallston Walmart that opened in 2011. The upgraded store is expected to open to the public in the spring of 2019, Erik Hingst, director of Walmart Public Affairs & Government Relations for Maryland, said via email. What's next for Bel Air South after Walmart pulled out? No big box stores, site's owner says BRYNA ZUMER A Walmart may no longer be looming for the Bel Air South area, but what's next for the empty plot of land at Route 924 and Plumtree Road? The site, surrounded by a wave of projects including the newly-completed MedStar Health and the soon-to-be-completed Avanti Luxury Apartments off of Route 24,... A Walmart may no longer be looming for the Bel Air South area, but what's next for the empty plot of land at Route 924 and Plumtree Road? The site, surrounded by a wave of projects including the newly-completed MedStar Health and the soon-to-be-completed Avanti Luxury Apartments off of Route 24,... (BRYNA ZUMER) "While this store has seen some interior and exterior improvements since it was opened in 1993, our plans for the expansion reflect our customer demand for a full complement of groceries, fresh fruits, vegetables, bakery goods and deli selections," Hingst said, noting "the planned expansion represents our commitment to those customers, our associates and the community." "Our goal is to continue to work with the elected officials, staff and the community in the open, transparent and professional manner they have established," Hingst said. Walmart held a community input meeting on the expansion in July. The company is expected to submit a plan for the Development Advisory Committee in the near future but has not done so yet, county government spokesperson Cindy Mumby said Thursday. After retreat from Bel Air South site, Walmart plans to expand Abingdon store BRYNA ZUMER Seven months after it called retreat from a contentious plan to build a new store in the Bel Air South area, Walmart has signaled it will expand its existing store in Abingdon's Constant Friendship business community, something company representatives had previously claimed couldn't be done. The... Seven months after it called retreat from a contentious plan to build a new store in the Bel Air South area, Walmart has signaled it will expand its existing store in Abingdon's Constant Friendship business community, something company representatives had previously claimed couldn't be done. The... (BRYNA ZUMER) The project marks a change of course for the company, which had previously tried to build a new store at Route 924 and Plumtree Road. A wave of community opposition ended with Walmart pulling out of the project last November. Company leaders had also claimed during the height of the controversy that expanding the existing Abingdon store was not feasible. Caption Night of Conversation David Pryor, branch director for the Edgewood Boys & Girls Club, talks about how youth members learned about the dangers of drugs during Harford County's inaugural Night of Conversation. (David Anderson) David Pryor, branch director for the Edgewood Boys & Girls Club, talks about how youth members learned about the dangers of drugs during Harford County's inaugural Night of Conversation. (David Anderson) Caption Havre de Grace football advances in playoffs Warriors move on with 48-34 victory (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Warriors move on with 48-34 victory (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Copyright © 2016, The Aegis, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Walmart 'no longer pursuing' Bel Air store, company says Harford teams are part of a big sports weekend Parents who lost son to heroin talk to Edgewood kids Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 48°
News 1 in 4 U.S. troops is worried about working under Trump as commander in chief Kanye West: I would have voted for Trump Trump taps Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo for CIA director Students told to stop flying U.S. flags over safety fears. The directive was not well received. Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Tomi Lahren Pat and Stu MyVoice Radio TV Login Join 0 www.theblaze.com Disabled Elderly Man Beaten in Wal-Mart Parking Lot — Then Disabled Veteran Shows Up Jon Street September 16, 2016 12:59 pm 0 123 Follow Share Tweet Police say a disabled elderly man in California was beaten in a Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday by an unidentified man — and it all started over a parking spot. According to KTXL-TV, the unnamed victim approached the male suspect, whose girlfriend was driving the vehicle the couple was in, and accused the woman of parking illegally. That’s when things got heated. An unnamed suspect who police believe beat a disabled elderly man is seen in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Fairfield, California. (Image source: KTXL-TV) “All of a sudden, the guy just attacked him — older gentleman,” Chris Benett, who witnessed the incident with his girlfriend Suzie Fowler, said. “Opened up his door, grabbed him around his neck, punched him a couple of times.” Fowler added, “We have parents, too. It’s hard to imagine something like that happening to them. You don’t really think about your safety in that type of circumstance.” Benett, who is a disabled veteran, came to the rescue of the elderly man. Meanwhile, Fowler started to record the incident. The suspect and his girlfriend, realizing that they had met their match, took off in separate vehicles just moments later. But before they left, the suspect reportedly shouted at Fowler to stop recording. Fowler refused, and threatened to release her pitbull that was still in the car if he tried to touch her. Fairfield police are now looking for the suspect. Benett, for his part, is warning whoever the suspect is to turn himself in because “next time [he] might not be so lucky.” — Follow the author of this story on Twitter and Facebook: Follow @jonstreet Share Tweet Rate this story Recommended from the Web 123 Comments Show Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2016 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Insider News Sports Business NoCo Life Windsor Beacon Opinion Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media More Home Insider News Sports Business NoCo Life Windsor Beacon Opinion Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 77 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Skip the checkout and buy your groceries online Curbside pickup, home delivery bring new convenience to Northern Colorado shoppers. Post to Facebook Skip the checkout and buy your groceries online Curbside pickup, home delivery bring new convenience to Northern Colorado shoppers.  Check out this story on coloradoan.com: http://noconow.co/2cswQEV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Skip the checkout and buy your groceries online Pat Ferrier , patferrier@coloradoan.com 8:22 p.m. MDT September 16, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share The New York Times looked into the probability that the check out lane at the grocery store would be the fastest. Patrick Jones (@Patrick_E_Jones) explains. Buzz60 Buy Photo Lori Arnold and Peta St. Aoro load groceries into a vehicle at the North College King Soopers Wednesday in Fort Collins. King Soopers has started offering online grocery ordering that can be picked up curbside. (Photo: Valerie Mosley/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo 77 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Dani Ullmann pulled up to the prescribed parking spot at North College Marketplace early Thursday. Within five minutes, she was headed home with a car full of groceries. Ullmann's pickup is part of King Soopers' new ClickList program that allows shoppers to order groceries online and pick them up curbside at its North Fort Collins store. King Soopers is the latest grocer to expand shoppers' options — from offering curbside pickup to home delivery — to cater to a customer base that often has more money than time. The service lets shoppers avoid checkout lines. For parents, it means no longer having to haul the kids out of the car and saying "no" to requests for candy bars and cookies. "It was awesome," said Ullmann, of Fort Collins. "It makes it easier to stick to a list and easier to stick to a budget. I got exactly what I wanted and was not in the store buying whatever." Typically, her weekly grocery bill is about $120. This day, it was $60. SHOPPING:  Sales slump at Loveland outlet mall Ullmann is among a growing consumer base redefining what it means "to go" to the store. Mary Blake and Abbey Irvine may also be converts. "Having just given birth to our second child, it is very convenient," Blake wrote in reply to a Coloradoan Facebook post. "Not only do I not need to bring the newborn out ... my husband can also swing by and pick (the groceries) up after work." Irving said grocery shopping with her two kids is no fun for anyone. Instead, she goes to her computer to virtually cruise store aisles. "I've shopped online at Walmart and love the convenience," Irvine said. Now she can add King Soopers to her list. "This is about meeting customers where they are,"  said Kelli McGannon, spokeswoman for King Soopers Colorado. "Some people will need home delivery. Some will like ordering online and picking groceries up on their way home from work. Some people just like to go to the grocery store." Whichever option works best for each consumer is where King Soopers wants to be. NEWS:  How sales taxes change your grocery bill Buy Photo King Soopers on North College Avenue in Fort Collins has started offering online grocery ordering that can be picked up curbside.  (Photo: Valerie Mosley/The Coloradoan) King Soopers offers ClickList in Greeley and will launch it at its 1275 Eagle Drive store in Loveland on Nov. 29. Walmart has a similar curbside program available at its Loveland store. Neither Albertsons nor Safeway has a similar program in Fort Collins, but the corporation that runs both chains recently launched home delivery in the Denver market. Customers were the driving force behind Albertsons' new service, said Kris Staaf, director of public affairs for Safeway and Albertsons in Colorado. Staaf said the company had more requests for home delivery in the Denver market than any other market in the country. For what may be the last marketplace to go digital, online ordering is the fastest-growing segment for the $675 billion U.S. grocery market. Grocers are setting the stage for what could be the next big opportunity for eCommerce, according to Morgan Stanley Research. More than a third of online shoppers expected to buy their groceries online this year, the company reported. Blurring the lines  According to Nielsen, a global company that studies consumer habits, grocery stores are blurring the lines between the physical and digital worlds. It's no surprise that a 2015 analysis of the future of grocery stores found 30 percent of millennials, ages 21-34, said they order groceries online for home delivery compared to 22 percent of Generation X (ages 35-49) and 17 percent of baby boomers. "Millennials are at the beginning of their careers and are starting to form households," said Nielsen's Patrick Dodd in the report. The generation "will shape our economy for decades to come, therefore it is critical that retailers understand how these consumers are using technology and include digital touch points along the entire path to purchase." Neither McGannon nor Staaf would quantify the success of their new programs for competitive reasons, but each said the programs have been well received. Peta St. Aoro at King Soopers said ClickList has served about 10 customers daily in its first week. BUSINESS NEWS:  Noosa Yoghurt sues competitor over similar packaging "People want options," Staaf said. "They want to be able to shop when they want, how they want.  We see people using the (delivery) service who are time-starved, living in urban areas. We're also seeing some people with limited mobility" who may need grocery delivery for a short time. McGannon said King Soopers has hired between seven and 10 additional staff at each store that offers curbside pickup. The service's cost, $4.95 per trip after the first three visits, is well worth it for people who value time more than money, although like Ullmann, McGannon says she saves money, too, because she avoids buying anything that's not on her shopping list. Ullmann's teenage daughter, Maria, likes curbside pickup because it saves time. "She takes so long in the store," she said about her mother. "She has a list but then goes through the aisles and says things like, 'I need this, I need this." Her mom is also a label reader, which means she makes healthier purchases, but takes much more time to find them. Buy Photo Lori Arnold loads groceries into a vehicle at the North College King Soopers Wednesday in Fort Collins. King Soopers has started offering online grocery ordering that can be picked up curbside.  (Photo: Valerie Mosley/The Coloradoan) How it works Ordering online is easy, especially for people who already shop the North College King Soopers. Log on to KingSoopers.com/ClickList, create an account, punch in your Soopers' card number and a slew of products will pop up on your screen. The items should look familiar; they're a sample of items you've recently purchased. Don't see what you need? Browse by department or type in the item and several choices will come up by size and brand. For those who like their bananas a little on the green side, or avocados that are ready to eat today, there's a spot to write notes to the employee who will fulfill your order. The order is stored in refrigerators and freezers until delivery time. When you arrive at the ClickList parking spots, call the store and they'll send your order out. FORT COLLINS:  Food Co-Op rooted in community It took less than two minutes for clerks to arrive with Ullmann's order, she said. It took another five minutes to load and pay. If she hadn't stopped to talk to a reporter she would have been headed home within 10 minutes of arriving. When your order is complete, you can pay with a credit card online or check when you arrive to pick up your order at a prescribed time between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m., McGannon said. "Our goal is to stay focused on the customer and the customer is changing," she said. Who offers online options? King Soopers: Curbside pickup at North College Marketplace, 1842 N. College Ave. Home delivery is also available throughout Fort Collins.  Kingsoopers.com/ClickList. Orders must be placed 24 hours in advance. Cost: $4.95 per order, although the first three orders are free.   Safeway/Albertsons: Home delivery available in Denver metro area. The corporation is exploring expansion into other markets. Cost is based on delivery time, between $6.95 and $9.95.  Walmart: Curbside pickup available at Loveland store, 1325 Denver Ave. $30 minimum order. Pickup hours between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. Service is free. 77 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/2cswQEV TOP VIDEOS Which stores are opening, closing Thanksgiving Day 0:34 Why it's time to change your holiday shopping plans 0:35 Cuban coffee available in U.S. for first time in over 50 years 0:40 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Pennies worth $1k hidden across U.S. 0:39 What college students really buy with student loans 0:36 Major retailers buck trend of starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving 1:09 Toyota recalls Prius cars over faulty brakes 0:30 America's biggest mall makes bold Thanksgiving move 0:23 Elizabeth Warren rips into Wells Fargo CEO 0:52
Two cited in clown incident outside Thomson Walmart - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Two cited in clown incident outside Thomson Walmart 2016-09-16T14:45:21Z2016-09-16T14:58:25Z By Michelle Jackson Email Connect mjackson@wfxg.com Photo of a clown (Karen Ellot / Flickr) Two teenagers have been cited in one of the incidents involving clown masks at the Thomson Walmart. The McDuffie County Sheriff’s Office says 18-year-old Christopher Hayes and 18-year-old Joshua Hadden are both charged with disorderly conduct. According to an incident report from Thursday evening, the teens admitted to trying to scare people. Just before 10:30 p.m., one teen was wearing the clown mask as he drove through the parking lot. Witnesses were able to give a license plate number to investigators. That’s what led deputies to question the teens. The mask was found in the Walmart parking lot. Investigators say there is no evidence tying these two suspects to the incident at the bus stop in the Davis Circle area. That incident is still under investigation. Hayes and Hadden are scheduled to appear in McDuffie County Magistrate Court on October 20, 2016 at 3 p.m. The McDuffie County Sheriff’s Office is thanking the public for the help in solving this case. Copyright 2016 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> 2016 General Election Results 2016 General Election Results Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes. More >> Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes.More >> Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Updated: Tuesday, November 1 2016 11:13 PM EDT2016-11-02 03:13:07 GMT So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day. More >> So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day.More >> UPDATE: Mike Padgett Highway crash victim pronounced dead UPDATE: Mike Padgett Highway crash victim pronounced dead Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:12 AM EST2016-11-18 12:12:40 GMT Driver in car crashon Mike Padget dead; Source: WFXG According to Richmond County dispatch, all lanes of Mike Padgett Highway are now open.More >> According to Richmond County dispatch, all lanes of Mike Padgett Highway are now open.More >> BREAKING NEWS OVERNIGHT: Police manhunt for gunman; suspect armed and dangerous BREAKING NEWS OVERNIGHT: Police manhunt for gunman; suspect armed and dangerous Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:44 AM EST2016-11-18 12:44:07 GMT Gunman on the run, armed and dangerous; Source: WFXG The Aiken County Sheriff's Office is looking for a suspect involved in an overnight shooting. He is considered ARMED AND DANGEROUS. This is an on-going investigation.More >> The Aiken County Sheriff's Office is looking for a suspect involved in an overnight shooting. He is considered ARMED AND DANGEROUS. This is an on-going investigation.More >> New Augusta compliance director working to correct inequality in city contracts New Augusta compliance director working to correct inequality in city contracts Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:40 PM EST2016-11-18 03:40:30 GMT City of Augusta disparity study (WFXG) Augusta's new compliance director is ready to tackle the $500,000 disparity study that has been sitting on the shelf, collecting dust for more than seven years. It found that women and minorities didn't get a fair shake when it came to city contracts. Fox 54's DeJonique Garrison sat down with the compliance director to discuss what she has planned to create a level playing field. More >> Augusta's new compliance director is ready to tackle the $500,000 disparity study that has been sitting on the shelf, collecting dust for more than seven years. It found that women and minorities didn't get a fair shake when it came to city contracts. Fox 54's DeJonique Garrison sat down with the compliance director to discuss what she has planned to create a level playing field.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart Isn't Exciting 'But Better Than Many Staples Retail Alternatives' Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 16, 2016 8:57am   Comments Share: Related WMT Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday Wall Street Breakfast: Major Overhaul At Volkswagen (Seeking Alpha) Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) witnessed a return of traffic growth against a deteriorating environment. Although there’s nothing very exciting, the company is “better than many staples retail alternatives,” Credit Suisse’s Edward J. Kelly said in a report. He assigned an Outperform rating and $80 price target on Wal-Mart, versus the previous Neutral rating and $62 price target. Wal-Mart witnessed traffic growth due to its in-store investments and improvement in low-end consumer. While stating that this progress was “encouraging,” given the worsening staples retail landscape, “there is more work to do,” Kelly commented. As management makes further investments, Wal-Mart’s top-line momentum would likely continue. Related Link: Wal-Mart Investments In Low-Pricing Put Pressure On Everyone From Grocers To Dollar Stores Structural Headwinds “E-commerce, accelerating brick-and-mortar competition, an over-reliance on "Big Food" to drive traffic, a general lack of differentiation in its stores outside of price, and ongoing deflation represent meaningful headwinds for WMT,” Kelly wrote. He added that management was investing heavily to address the issue and strengthen Wal-Mart’s competitive position in the US. Key Driver Of Stock Performance U.S. comp growth has been the key driver of Wal-Mart’s stock performance and should continue. Although comp growth of 1.0-1.5 percent “isn't overly impressive,” several peers have witnessed declines, Kelly noted. He added, “Further investments should drive continued top-line gains, although the ultimate return is still uncertain.” Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for WMT Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage On Neutral Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Hold Sep 2016 Guggenheim Initiates Coverage on Buy View More Analyst Ratings for WMT View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Credit Suisse Edward J. KellyAnalyst Color Long Ideas Upgrades Price Target Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday Mid-Day Market Update: Western Refining Surges On Acquisition News; Stage Stores Shares Slide Who Reigns Supreme In Big Box Same-Store Sales? The Technical Take: Wal-Mart Lower After Mixed Q3 Report, Lower Guidance Jam Packed: Yellen, Wal-Mart And Inflation Data Take Center Stage View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 ACBFF, APHQF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 TGT, CLLS: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 ESEA, DRYS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate R... 4 BBY, SINO: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-... 5 DRYS, DCIX: What Is The Baltic Dry Shippin... 6 TSLA, MBLY: Mobileye Could Colla... 7 DCIX, GSL: Dry Bulk Sh... 1 Corn Futures Little Changed 2 Wheat Futures Little Lower 3 Soybean Futures Trading Lower 4 FL: Foot Locker Reports Better-Than-Expected Q3 Earnings, Comps Gain 4.7% 5 Cotton Futures Trading Lower 6 MBLY, NVDA: Mobileye Stock Weakness Unwarranted, Wells Fargo Says Buy The Stock 7 Coffee Futures Little Lower View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Ladenburg Says No Need For Novavax To Rerun Failed Drug Study Avi Silver Getting 'Increasingly Comfortable' With iPhone 7 Cycle, Raises Apple's Target From $120 To $130
Sign up for the Freebie Friday newsletter and start saving some green Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free Apple iPhone 7, free Slurpees, free Starbucks coffee and gift cards Dining deals at nearly 40 hot spots during Dine Out Lauderdale Morton's The Steakhouse and other restaurants offer three-course price fixed menus during Dine Out Lauderdale, running Aug. 15 through Sept. 30. Morton's The Steakhouse and other restaurants offer three-course price fixed menus during Dine Out Lauderdale, running Aug. 15 through Sept. 30. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Free iPhone 7, free Starbucks coffee samples and eGift cards Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! Today's the big day to get a free Apple's iPhone 7 with trade-in deals from Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint. Also, cool off with BOGO free Slurpees at 7-Eleven and get free Starbucks K-Cup samples and free eGift cards, too. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday newsletter. FREEBIES Free Slurpee with purchase at 7-Eleven; expires Sunday Free iPhone 7 from Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint Free iPhone 7 from AT&T for DirecTV and U-verse customers Free gift cards, $49.99 Apple iPhone 6s at Best Buy Free Starbucks Caffe Latte K-Cup samples Free $5 Starbucks eGift cards with coffee or tea purchase; expires Jan. 9 Free $10 Starbucks gift card; expires Sept. 30 Free entry for kids at Jungle Island; expires Sept. 30 Free $10 gift cards at Publix with $50 grocery purchase; expires Dec. 31 Free photo book from Shutterfly.com with code FREEBOOK4U; expires Sunday Hot deal at BurgerFi for National Cheeseburger Day on Sunday Free six month Free entree at Smashburger; expires in October Christensen: Carriers offer a free iPhone 7. What's the catch? | Commentary Doreen Christensen Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint are offering free Apple iPhone 7 smartphones to lure customers to upgrade. New devices hit stores on Sept. 16. What's the catch? The Big Four are offering $650 in bill credits with eligible trade-in of iPhone 6 or 6s models that are paid off and in good working... Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint are offering free Apple iPhone 7 smartphones to lure customers to upgrade. New devices hit stores on Sept. 16. What's the catch? The Big Four are offering $650 in bill credits with eligible trade-in of iPhone 6 or 6s models that are paid off and in good working... (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for teacher, school employees at Miami Seaquarium in October Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins Free fall Walmart Beauty and Baby Boxes Free kids meals, drinks for high school college kids at Chipotle; expires Sept. 30 Free $10 Publix gift card with Stocking Spree Rewards Free three-month membership at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires Dec. 31 Free Blizzard at Dairy Queen Free Sawgrass Mills coupon book; expires Sept. 30 Half off Sam's Club membership; expires Oct. 2 Free extra 1GB of data from T-Mobile Free pocket guide of the Constitution of the United States Free, discounted tickets to Miami Marlins baseball games Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free Galaxy S7 smartphones with purchase from AT&T Free burrito at Moe's Southwestern Grill with app download Free beer from Budweiser Free drinks at RaceTrac with rewards app Free 6-inch sub at Subway Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free medium Slurpee at 7-Eleven Free entry for kids at Legoland Florida Hot deal at BurgerFi for National Cheeseburger Day on Sunday Doreen Christensen BurgerFi is offer a hot deal to celebrate National Cheeseburger Day on Sunday, Sept. 18. Get $5 BurgerFi Cheeseburgers, which come with double Natural Angus patties, two slices of American cheese, lettuce, tomato and BurgerFi Sauce. No coupon is necessary, but mention the offer when ordering at... BurgerFi is offer a hot deal to celebrate National Cheeseburger Day on Sunday, Sept. 18. Get $5 BurgerFi Cheeseburgers, which come with double Natural Angus patties, two slices of American cheese, lettuce, tomato and BurgerFi Sauce. No coupon is necessary, but mention the offer when ordering at... (Doreen Christensen) Free membership on Angie's List Free movie tickets for AT&T customers on Tuesdays Free admission, BOGO deals with 2-for-1 Summer Savings Card Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com Free Target gift card deals; expires Saturday Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free three-piece Aveda Invati Hair Care System Free food at McDonald's  with app download Free theater and concert tickets from GoldStar.com Free $50 Roku streaming device from Sling TV Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free 30-day trial of HBO Now Free 30-day trial of Kindle Unlimited from Amazon Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free space travel and retro travel posters from NASA Free Jiffy Mix recipe book Free Starbucks Cafe Latte K-Cup samples Doreen Christensen Get a free sample of Starbucks new Caffe Latte K-Cup pods. The latest addition to Starbucks lineup hot drinks for Keurig brewers features  Caramel, Mocha, Vanilla or Pumpkin Spice flavors. After signing up for the freebie, the sample should arrive in 6-8 weeks. Click here for the deal. Connect... Get a free sample of Starbucks new Caffe Latte K-Cup pods. The latest addition to Starbucks lineup hot drinks for Keurig brewers features  Caramel, Mocha, Vanilla or Pumpkin Spice flavors. After signing up for the freebie, the sample should arrive in 6-8 weeks. Click here for the deal. Connect... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 15 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sept. 25 Sink your teeth into a limited-edition Miami Dolphins sub $10 off at JC Penney; expires Saturday Half off Sam's Club membership; expires Oct. 2 25 percent off at VIP sale at Macy's; expires Sunday 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond $10 off first Groupon.com with code WELCOME $5 off signature oil change at Jiffy Lube Costco Wholesale coupons for September Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Digital coupons with Whole Foods Market app $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot BOGO Slurpee week at 7-Eleven Doreen Christensen Get a free Slurpee when you buy one at 7-Eleven this week.  The chain continues to celebrate Slurpee's 50th birthday with an offer for a free any size Slurpee when you buy one Sept. 12-18 at participating stores. Try a Skittles-flavored Sour Green Apple cold one for a limited time. No coupon is... Get a free Slurpee when you buy one at 7-Eleven this week.  The chain continues to celebrate Slurpee's 50th birthday with an offer for a free any size Slurpee when you buy one Sept. 12-18 at participating stores. Try a Skittles-flavored Sour Green Apple cold one for a limited time. No coupon is... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL AND CONSUMER NEWS Doreen Christensen:  Ting, Consumer Cellular offer big savings, great service on wireless How to switch carriers and keep your old cell phone Cell carriers eliminate overage frees, go unlimited with new data plans Doreen's Deals: Happy 86th birthday, Publix! Doreen Christensen: Top 10 travel tips for fall trips New Uber Plus offers $5 flat-rate fares in Miami for a monthly fee Five ways to save on college textbooks Sweet spa deals and Dine Out Lauderdale; expires Sept. 30 AT&T increases internet data to 1 TB for U-verse customers Save big bucks at Aldi as grocer opens in Plantation Amazon and Wells Fargo offer discounts on student loans Why's everyone gaga for Wawa? Target makes changes to coupon policy Free Uber rides with CapitalOne credit card; expires in March Get more cash back with new Costco Anywhere Visa credit card Doreen Christensen: Goodbye Comcast, we're done How to cut the cable or satellite cord and tune in free HDTV AT&T and Comcast increase internet data speeds Save $60 on new voice-activated Apple TV Christensen: Remembering Burdines, Jordan Marsh and Luria's How to save nearly $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge Expert rates Trader Joe's Two Buck Chuck, other cheap wines Whole Foods Market selling invasive lionfish in Florida Never miss a deal with new Amazon Assistant Consumer legal tips from WSVN's Help Me Howard DINING COUPONS 7-Eleven: Free medium Slurpee with text offer; expires Dec. 31 7-Eleven: BOGO Slurpees; expires Sunday Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich BurgerFi: $5 cheeseburger on Sunday Chipotle: Free kids meals, drinks for students; expires Sept. 30 Dunkin' Donuts: Free medium beverage with DD Perks rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich with email signup IHOP: Free meals (3) with reward club signup IHOP: Kids eat free with adult meal purchase; expires Sept. 25 Johnny Rockets: Two free hamburgers with email signup McDonald's: Free Chicken McNuggets in September McDonald's: Free french fries on Friday with coupon in mobile app Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup RaceTrac: Seven free drinks with rewards app Smashburger: Free entree with purchase; expires in October FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free entry for kids at Jungle Island; expires Sept. 30 Free entry for teacher, school employees at Miami Seaquarium in October Free, discounted tickets to Miami Marlins baseball games BOGO deals 70 hot spots with Summer Savings Card; expires Sept. 30 Free entry for 4th graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free and half-price theater, concert tickets from GoldStar.com Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal movie tickets with AARP card Free Build and Grow Kids Clinic at Lowe's at 10 a.m. Saturday Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturday and Sunday 20 percent off Cirque du Soleil shows with AARP card Free guitar classes at Guitar Centers on Saturdays Free cooking classes at Williams-Sonoma TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free entry for kids with purchase at Legoland Florida Florida resident deals at theme parks, hotels from VisitOrlando.com Free admissions and discounts at Disney World, Universal, Busch Gardens Discounted tickets, room rates for military at Disney World, Disneyland Free and half-priced tickets for active duty, veterans at SeaWorld parks Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel It's Freebie Friay! All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°
Go Friday 18 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro President Buhari inaugurates boards of NNPC, NCDMB, NNRA 15 mins ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Confirm Justice Onnoghen as CJN 10 hours ago 1  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money ‘NAHCO workers connived in narcotic export attempt’ 10 hours ago 2  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology NCC, telecom consumers, service providers interact over quality servicey 1 hour ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Djokovic expects return to number one NOW  Tennis Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Judge awards $36 mn to estate of Whitney Houston's daughter 2 hours ago  Music Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Ondo PDP crisis: Court of Appeal adjourns indefinitely 31 mins ago  Policy & Politics More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Opinion  |  Columnists   Sustainability And Nigeria…Empty Rhetoric Or Are We Going To Be Realistic About It? By Lolade Awogbade   |   16 September 2016   |   10:25 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email ’Sustainability is good for business’’ A week ago I had a brief conversation with a senior colleague. He is Brazilian and lives in Nigeria. Activities on his Brazilian ranch are in perfect sync with his immediate local government. The outputs from his ranch transform into impact on a national scale. He, having a birds’ eye view of Brazil and Nigeria turned and said- ‘what is Nigeria doing about sustainability? I hear a lot of fancy words but I don’t see anything happening’. I walked away from that conversation with a myriad of thoughts; because you see, as a sustainability professional in Nigeria, I knew that even though there was a lot of talk, this has yet to translate into real meaning for our country. As a nation, we have signed up to a few international sustainability conventions. In addition, the Nigerian financial industry has created a sustainability code. The truth? The man on the street has no idea what sustainability is and how this translates into real value for himself and his immediate community. Whilst not trying to proffer an ultimate solution, this article seeks to explore suggestions for a more practical sustainability approach for Nigeria.  Sometimes, it is through the journey that one stumbles upon the solutions. In 2015, the Nigerian government signed up to the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) – a new set of global sustainability goals put together by international sustainability experts including our very own Minister for the Environment Mrs. Amina J. Mohammed. A laudable effort for sure, however what has that really meant for the average Nigerian? I can tell you now, it is still seen as a very ‘fanciful’ concept; nothing to worry about just yet. Faced with more pressing domestic issues, Nigerians today will respond ‘’ have I finished setting food on the table before I start thinking about climate change’’. And that, is just my point. We must make the sustainability conversation one that is relevant and DOES put food (or power) on the table for the average Nigerian whilst also having an impact on our environment. Nigerian banks today subscribe to a set of regulations/guidelines developed by the apex bank in conjunction with other stakeholders in the financial industry- the Nigerian Sustainability Business Principles. As a sustainability professional in financial services I can tell you without a doubt that apart from being an intrinsic source of pride to the sector, it is more of a have to do, than a change creator. How much reach has the adoption of the principles had in terms of concrete change to the lives and environment of Nigerians? Only the apex bank can actually tell us. However, banks ensure that they submit those half yearly reports on time; ticking the invisible box of ‘’duty completed’’. I am going somewhere, stay with me reader. To date, Brazil is still one of the best examples of how sustainability is really meant to be ‘lived out’.  It is by no accident that I started with an anecdote from a Brazilian colleague. Brazil has embraced the concept of sustainability in such a way that even the common man gets it. He understands how sustainability really does ‘’put food on his table’’. In 2013, Brazil created a public-private partnership vehicle – Brazilian Business and Ecosystem Services Partnership (PESE). This group was made up of corporate players from the retail, mining, agribusiness, cosmetics and food & beverage sectors in conjunction with government headed environmental agencies. The PESE had the sole aim of institutionalizing sustainability into Brazil. Clear case of moving from rhetoric to practical demonstration. Allow me to use two illustrative examples: Walmart in Brazil tackled the environmental challenges associated with its supply of beef. Because cattle ranches occupy more than 70 percent (PDF) of the deforested Amazon region, Walmart set a target of achieving a beef supply chain with zero deforestation by 2015. To help achieve this target, Walmart’s ESR examined cattle ranching practices that reduced deforestation. Another example is Danone, a dairy multinational, focused on evaluating strategic opportunities and risks to its main children’s product line. In collaboration with local NGO Ipê, it identified ways to help dairy farmers in its supply chain boost the biodiversity and soil quality in their pastures for higher-grade milk and lower operational costs for the company. Dear reader you will notice that I haven’t used a European country nor a North American state as a comparative example. Similar to Brazil, Nigeria’s agriculture sector would be a great place to kick off an impactful sustainability movement. In terms of internal cultural and economic make up, Brazil in a lot of ways can be compared to Nigeria. The idea is not to copy Brazil and its techniques but to pay attention to strategies that have been successful and learn lessons for our own story. Similar to examples earlier in the article, the creation of key partnerships between corporate players and government led environmental agencies especially in the local food and beverages sector would be would be a great way to make an impact especially in the development of local communities and the deployment of environmental conservation techniques. Both go hand in hand with strong economic growth. Let’s take a look at a Nigerian example. Recent research has shown that the ratio of NPK fertilizer (nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium) used on our soils may not have been optimum for the different existing Nigerian soil types. Using the 15:15:15 ratio has eroded the nutrient level of the soil and led to an inability of the nutrients to self-regenerate. Poor soil types equally reduced quality of yield. This research is coming after years and years of farmers using a 15:15:15 mix. Imagine the loss!  With increased private and public sector partnerships, funding is better targeted allowing for timelier intervention strategies to be deployed. Another area could be in the provision of funding along the agriculture value chain: from more effective input distribution to post harvest management practices and intermediate processing techniques. The opportunities are rife and waiting to be taken advantage of. They provide gains for the immediate communities and create strong business propositions as well. Where others see chaos, I see opportunity. But taking advantage of this opportunity requires a renewed focus and honesty. Let’s stop the rhetoric and get practical. We have a government that is open to discussion and willing to listen. Taking advantage of this opportunity is staring us in the face. What’s your next move going to be? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Lolade AwogbadeSustainable Development Goals Lara Okubajo I love this article. It is very well written and could not have come at a better time. When will we as a nation stop checking boxes and playing mere lip service? What IS the next move going to be? You may also like Nigeria and the Rio Paralympics 16 Sep 1  Opinion The looming food crisis 16 Sep 4  Opinion Fashola, power and realistic expectations 16 Sep 1  Opinion More   News President Buhari inaugurates boards of NNPC, NCDMB, NNRA 18 mins ago  Nigeria EFCC secures conviction of serial hacker 47 mins ago  Nigeria Senate President tasks Chevening Alumni on nation building 1 hour ago  Nigeria N8bn CBN currency scam: Court strikes out bail application of alleged ailing accused 1 hour ago  Nigeria INEC issues timetable for outstanding FCT election 3 hours ago  Nigeria Integrate state lawmakers, Obasa urges ECOWAS parliament 3 hours ago  Nigeria Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: siouxcityjournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections Activate Digital Subscription E-edition Download our Apps Buy, Sell & Jobs Jobs Classifieds Wheels for You Auto Siouxland Homes Business Directory SCJ Deal of the Day Siouxland Bid & Buy Weekly Ads Weather Sponsored by: Bomgaars News Business Elections Local National State & Regional Weird News Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists The Mini Polls Speak Out SUX 911 Iowa Cold Cases Police Calls Woodbury County Jail Resources Iowa Courts Online Crime Watch Sports High School College Musketeers Explorers Bandits Outdoors Obituaries Local Obituaries Area Obituaries Search Life Arts and Theatre Food and Cooking Faith and Values Health, Medicine and Fitness Home and Garden Music Relationships and Special Occasions Television Calendar Photos and Video Gallery Order Photos Videos Extra! Blogs Calendar Coffee Break Multimedia Contests Games & Puzzles Siouxland History Weekender Kids Scoop Goodfellow Charities Contact Us Customer-service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 34° sponsored by Sioux City, IA (51101) Today Windy. Snow will taper off and end this morning leading to cloudy conditions this afternoon. Some rain may mix in early. Temps nearly steady in the mid 30s. Winds NW at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of snow 100%. Snow accumulating 1 to 3 inches.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Gusty winds diminishing after midnight. Low 22F. Winds NW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 7:52 am Full Forecast News Sports Obits Buy, Sell & Jobs Life Extra! Events Close 1 of 2 The Commonwealth Fund Buy Now Tim Hynds, Sioux City Journal Carlson GUEST COLUMN Guest column: The disruption of health care in the United States Greg Carlson Sep 16, 2016 (…) +1  Buy Now Carlson Tim Hynds, Sioux City Journal The Commonwealth Fund Health care is going through a period of dramatic transformation. Clayton Christensen, author of "The Innovator’s Prescription," writes about disruptive innovation that is transforming industries, including health care. He states that “the auto, computer, and telecommunication industries all underwent drastic transformation when a simple, affordable and, ultimately, superior product challenged the status quo.” In each case, the innovative product that turned the industry on its head by lowering costs and increasing consumer access was discounted by industry leaders who deemed the product or idea inferior and lacking the potential for profit. Companies with traditional business models like Best Buy and Walmart are being disrupted by Amazon, the online retailer who reported $107 billion in revenue in 2015. In fact, Walmart announced in July that it is acquiring jet.com for $3.3 billion to take on Amazon. Another victim of disruption is Blockbuster, which filed bankruptcy because its business model could not compete with Netflix and Redbox. There are at least five transformational changes affecting the delivery of health care services in the United States: Transparency and the value proposition; medical tourism; health care information technology (IT); health care integration; and wellness/prevention. The driving force behind these changes is the rising cost of health care in the United States which grew 5.3 percent in 2014, reaching $3.0 trillion or $9,523 per person (17.5 percent of the nation’s Gross Domestic Product), nearly double the cost of other industrialized countries. Where is the best care? Health care in the United States is characterized by significant variations in the cost and quality of care provided by competing organizations which has been well documented by organizations including the Dartmouth Atlas of Health, the Commonwealth Fund, and more recently by national employers like Lowe’s and Pepsi Cola. The good news is that the Midwest consistently ranks as the region of the United States that provides the overall best health care. In spite of this positive news, wide variations persist nationally, regionally and locally in the cost and quality of healthcare services. The South Dakota Association of Healthcare Organizations reported for 2015 that the range in charges for hip replacement surgery varied from a low of $37,061 to a high of $58,234. As the cost of health care continues to rise faster than wages, consumers are demanding information on prices and quality (transparency) so they can make informed choices regarding where they seek health care services. Transparency and medical tourism Transparency in health care is characterized by the visibility or accessibility of outcome date (cost and quality) that is easy to understand. In a transparent environment, health care providers (hospitals, clinics and physicians) compete for business like most companies. Consumers compare the value of competing businesses, creating winners and losers. In the past month, Aetna Health Insurance rolled out its Institutes of Quality (IOQ) Orthopedic Care program focused on transparency related to clinical quality and cost efficiency. The Aetna program is similar to the Bundled Payment Care Initiative (BPCI) program being piloted by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Medical tourism is the growing phenomenon where patients travel outside of the region where they live for healthcare services. Medical tourism includes patients who traveled out of the country for health care as well as patients who travel within the United States to receive care. When Lowe’s (home improvement) and PepsiCo analyzed the variation in the cost and quality of the care their employees and dependents were receiving for cardiac and orthopedic care both companies contracted with nationally recognized providers at a guaranteed price. Lowe’s selected the Cleveland Clinic for cardiac care and PepsiCo selected Johns Hopkins Medical Center for cardiac and orthopedic care. An example of medical tourism on a global basis occurred when a close friend of mine needed a hernia repair procedure and, after comparing the outcomes and the price at his local hospital in Wisconsin, decided to travel to London to have his procedure performed at the British Hernia Centre, which promotes itself as the "world’s leading specialist in hernia repair." Not only does the British Hernia Centre offer the latest techniques and publish its outcomes, it also offers a guaranteed bundled price for the entire procedure that is less than 25 percent of the charge of providers in the United States. Next time: We'll look at three additional changes that are transforming health care. Greg Carlson is CEO for Center for Neurosciences, Orthopaedics & Spine (CNOS). He will be contributing quarterly. +1  Buy Now Carlson Tim Hynds, Sioux City Journal Tags Greg Carlson Health Care Company Care Aetna Patient Cost Consumer Announce your event Find forms and guidelines for submitting weddings, engagements, anniversaries, births and birthdays. Engagement | Wedding | Anniversary Birthday | Birth Since yesterday Past 2 days Past 3 days Past week Past month Past year Any day Range Search Most Popular in Lifestyle Award-winning pub grub: The Diving Elk wins prestigious tourism award A brushstroke in time: Goff finds inspiration in his artistic dad Comfort care blankets provide warmth, support for terminally ill patients, families Hagestrom-Williams Civil War veteran gets his marker at Climbing Hill All events Upcoming Events Nov 18 The History of the Cherokee Mental Health Institute Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 18 "Korea Remembered" photo exhibit (Nov. 11-May 28) Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 18 Barbara Tagami Exhibit (Oct-Dec) Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 10:00 am Nov 18 New to You: Recent Artifact Donations (Sept. 3-Nov. 27) Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 10:00 am Nov 18 Day of the Dead Exhibition (Oct. 27-Nov. 26) Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 10:00 am Nov 18 A.R.T. Artisans Road Trip (Oct. 6-Nov. 26) Fri, Nov 18, 2016 @ 10:00 am Business Directory Latest Local Offers C.A.P Recycling CAP Recycling is a recycling company for Aggregate Products(Concrete and Asphalt). For more information, click here! Updated Nov 11, 2016 Meier Towing, Inc. Are you in need of an auto recovery service? Meier Towing can help you reclaim your vehicle in a quick, hassle-free fashion.712-258-0609 Updated Nov 11, 2016 Currents Technology Need to focus? These are the best noise-canceling headphones +12 World Photos: Pregnant and poor in the ruins of Haiti National The 65 cities where police officers get paid the least Today's Birthdays, Nov. 18: Margaret Atwood Today In History, Nov. 18: Jonestown, Guyana Today’s top pics: Trump name change and more Flagstaff police officer punches woman in face Nobel winner Dylan is likely in Stockholm next year Long Island's 'Amityville Horror' house is being bought Another blocked kick, more 'catastrophic' results for Saints Priscilla on life with Elvis: 'Truly lived in a bubble' TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Bernie Sanders says Democrats need 'new direction' Video: Intelligence director James Clapper submits resignation Video: Meet America's new first family — the Trumps Video: President Obama urges Donald Trump to 'stand up' to Russia Sites & Partners Business Journal Jobs Kids Scoop Prime Shopper's Guide Siouxland Homes Siouxland Life Visitors Guide Weekender Wheels for You Tools & Services E-edition Subscribe Customer-service Find Sioux City Jobs Advertise Announce your event Contact Us RSS FAQ © Copyright 2016 Sioux City Journal, 515 Pavonia St. Sioux City, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Weather Traffic Politics Opinion Business Business Innovation Police & Fire MGM Springfield Casinos Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Auto Racing Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook Patriots on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive Food on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest MassLive on YouTube Back to Main Menu Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters comments In memoriam: James Bickford, agitator, pain in the neck, artist, family man, Holyoker (Viewpoint) james.bickford.jpg James F. Bickford (SUBMITTED PHOTO) Print Email Mike Plaisance | mplaisance@repub.com By Mike Plaisance | mplaisance@repub.com The Republican Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 16, 2016 at 8:00 AM, updated September 16, 2016 at 11:46 PM comments HOLYOKE -- The unpleasant truth is there are people in this city today who aren't exactly saddened that James F. Bickford is dead. That's a function, I guess, of Bickford's brilliance at sometimes coming across as a jerk and the oh-so-Holyoke tunnel-vision inability to forget hurt feelings, nurturing slights real and imagined over a course of years like a chef stirring a stew. Believe me, I know what that's like. Bickford, 46, was killed Sunday when police said he lost control of the motorcycle he was riding and was ejected while traveling through Stafford, Connecticut. He was -- at times -- an activist, an agitator, a verbal bomb-thrower, a left-wing zealot, an all-in-black-clad Watchman who used essays and altered photos and videos on his website to spotlight what he considered politicians' shortcomings. Some said he got off on humiliating people. I don't think that's true. What some of the thin-skinned are unable to dwell on or will downplay is that Bickford also was a man devoted to his family, his partner Rachel and four children. He was an artist, one of the best-read people I came to know in Holyoke, an astute handicapper of political races and someone his friends knew would help, whatever the time or place. And the guy could write. My association with Bickford began with me despising him. This included a police report on Oct. 26, 2011. That night I was part of a media panel asking questions of then-Mayor Elaine A. Pluta and then-challenger Alex B. Morse at Dean Technical High School. The debate was over and I'd stepped off stage and there was Bickford. His video camera aimed at my face, Bickford said, "Those were some shitty questions." Then, the agitator in action: Bickford asked me if I was a "beef-witted ----" -- the last word being that vulgar female-anatomy reference that is so jarring to hear aloud in a public setting. I said something -- I must have, but I don't remember what -- and kept walking. There was a city official I wanted to talk to. Bickford hovered with his video camera. The official looked at Bickford and asked me to call her in the morning, she wasn't going to speak with him stationed there. Then Bickford bumped into and tripped me (he said it was an accident) and I went looking for a cop. He hadn't physically hurt me, I didn't fall, but that wasn't the point. No one gets to harass a news reporter physically without facing consequences. No charges were filed and anything police-related between us ended there. He took occasional shots at me on his blog, H.U.S.H. (Holyoke Underground Social Humorists), his online presence delivered under the screen name "Pronoblem" or the longer "Pronoblem Francis Baalberith." But Bickford hit others, usually members of the Holyoke City Council, much harder and more often. He said he was exercising his First Amendment rights of free speech. Others said it was harassment. Then Walmart came calling. Officials with the retail giant announced in 2013 they were interested in building a super store on 18 acres on Whiting Farms Road (the site now occupied by a new Gary Rome Hyundai dealership). Bickford became a spokesman for the anti-Walmart group Holyoke First. I went to my editors with word that the guy I'd filed a police report against now was occupying an official position in a big story in the city I cover. We'd had little contact since the October 2011 clash. My editors and I decided I'd contact Bickford and see how that went. I sent him an email. He replied. I told him I didn't like some of the stuff he'd done. He said the same about me. I said I cover Holyoke, I'm not going anywhere. You're spokesman for this group, you're not going anywhere. (I knew he had a family and was committed to Holyoke). I'm willing to try to get along. He said OK. We made an agreement neither of us (to my knowledge) ever broke: Anything said between us, whether in person, on the phone, email or text, was off the record -- meaning neither of us would publish it -- without first talking to the other. Walmart withdrew its plan for Holyoke in September 2013. Bickford became a source, among those I would consult about Holyoke issues: Who will win this council race? Will this ballot question pass? Can Jeff Stanek (and then) Fran O'Connell beat Morse in the election for mayor? What are you hearing? We never hung out or even had a cup of coffee together. Our paths crossed most often at City Hall and Stop & Shop. Mostly we talked about the endless upkeep in owning a house, different kinds of tea, the lure of reel-to-reel tape players, science fiction movies and books. He seemed to have read everything. I told him once I was considering reading "Dune" by Frank Herbert. The 565-page thickness was making me pause. Bickford looked at me. "I read that when I was a teen-ager," he said. Then he explained why it was a good read and how Herbert had mixed an elaborate science fiction story with an ecological focus. I read it and liked it, though so far have skipped Bickford's recommendation to read also Herbert's follow up to "Dune." The last time I saw Bickford was at Stop & Shop on Lincoln Street the Saturday night of Celebrate Holyoke last month. I wasn't able to attend the event. He said he'd just been there and had helped in booking a Latino band to perform. He was sporting an odd haircut, kind of a low-running mohawk down the middle with buzz-cut sides. He rubbed his head and said (sheepishly, it seemed to me) he'd let his daughter cut his hair. I told him I thought it looked cool. Bickford broke stories on his blog. These included stories about Stanek and O'Connell during their mayoral campaigns, stories that got a lot of attention and which The Republican, doing our own research, followed and published. I'm not defending or condemning how he portrayed people. And this is said with the knowledge that there is a Bickford-cooked photo out there doctored to make me look like a hobbit, along with cracks he published about my work. So to those offended by what they considered to be Bickford's ridicule, the question that arises is, OK, so what should be done? One option is to ridicule the ridiculer. Launch your own website. Use your free speech and expression to counter his. But if your answer in such cases is to summon the government -- the courts or some elected or appointed board or the police -- to stop the speech or expression that upsets you, do you still reserve the right to be shocked when the next one the government shuts up is you? A memorial service is scheduled for Bickford on Friday, Sept. 16, 2016 from 5 to 6 p.m. at Holyoke City Hall at High and Dwight streets. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive Instagram Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MUST-SEE CONTENT See All » View the Fall Photo contest winning entries Best Of Mass Restaurant Chains: Who won? Election Day photos Check out our photo galleries » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Press Pass Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Birmingham News CBS42 Morning News Tuscaloosa News Special Reports Crime News Alabama News National Health News Entertainment News Traffic Links Gas Prices Digital Download Tracking a Predator Campaign 2016 Rachel on the Road Ashley’s Mom Monday Weather Forecast Birmingham Radar Satellite Current Temps Bus Stop Forecast Weather Alerts Birmingham Traffic Map Flight Tracker Webcams Tropical Weather Tracker Saffir-Simpson ​Hurricane Wind Scale Historical Hurricane Tracker Sports College Sports High School Sports Univ. of Alabama Coach Talk – Alabama Auburn University Coach Talk – Auburn UAB One Team at a Time NFL 42.2 Untamed Sports High School Playbook 2016 Alfa Fan Cam 2016 Vote for the 2016 Dreamland BBQ Armchair Quarterback CBS42 Community The ēCO Savings Race Weekly Updates One Class at a Time Legal Minute CBS42 Winter Warm-Up Coat Drive 2016 Thanksgiving 2016 Christmas 2016 Live Video CBS42 Live Streaming Video CBS News Live Stream Video Report It More TV Listings Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Meet the Team Advertise With Us CBS42 Careers Internships at CBS42 Contact Us 57° F Clear Hi: 79° F Lo: 52° F Birmingham, AL Forecast Birmingham Radar Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Birmingham News CBS42 Morning News Tuscaloosa News Special Reports Crime News Alabama News National Health News Entertainment News Traffic Links Gas Prices Digital Download Tracking a Predator Campaign 2016 Rachel on the Road Ashley’s Mom Monday Featured: cold case diabetes Mike Hubbard Latest Headlines Gun deer hunting season kicks off Saturday Updated: 1 min ago Gun deer hunting season kicks off in Alabama on Saturday. It’s a big deal for hunters and an even bigger deal for the state. It’s no decoy: ‘Duck Dynasty’ to wrap after 11 seasons 7:36 am “Duck Dynasty,” one of reality TV’s biggest hits, starred a successful Louisiana duck call-making family, the Robertsons. 2 arrested in Jefferson County to Blount County police chase 7:08 am Donald Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post 6:36 am Rachel on the Road: Shelby County Airport Flight School 6:31 am Weather Weather Forecast Birmingham Radar Satellite Current Temps Bus Stop Forecast Weather Alerts Birmingham Traffic Map Flight Tracker Webcams Tropical Weather Tracker Saffir-Simpson ​Hurricane Wind Scale Historical Hurricane Tracker Current Conditions 57° F Clear Feels Like: 57° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 48° F Sunrise: 6:21 AM Sunset: 4:42 PM Birmingham Weather Radar Currently Alerts Forecast Sports Sports College Sports High School Sports Univ. of Alabama Coach Talk – Alabama Auburn University Coach Talk – Auburn UAB One Team at a Time NFL 42.2 Untamed Sports High School Playbook 2016 Alfa Fan Cam 2016 Vote for the 2016 Dreamland BBQ Armchair Quarterback Latest Headlines Chaminade in 1982: Witnessing one of sports’ greatest upsets Updated: 2 mins ago LAHAINA, Hawaii (AP) — Chaminade’s 77-72 victory over Ralph Sampson and top-ranked Virginia in 1982 is widely considered the biggest upset i… Here is the Illinois Scorecard from The Associated Press Updated: 2 mins ago THURSDAY’S GAMES NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE St. Louis 3, San Jose 2 NATIONAL BASKETBALL LEAGUE Chicago 85, Utah 77 COLLEGE MEN’S BASKETBALL Sain… Another blocked kick, more ‘catastrophic’ results for Saints Updated: 2 mins ago Fultz’s 35 leads Washington past Cal St Fullerton 104-88 Updated: 2 mins ago Injuries hover over Panthers’ latest solid defensive showing 1:34 am CBS42 Community The ēCO Savings Race Weekly Updates One Class at a Time Legal Minute CBS42 Winter Warm-Up Coat Drive 2016 Thanksgiving 2016 Christmas 2016 Live Video CBS42 Live Streaming Video CBS News Live Stream Video Report It More TV Listings Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Meet the Team Advertise With Us CBS42 Careers Internships at CBS42 Contact Us Search for: Search the site 57° F Clear Hi: 79° F Lo: 52° F Former Walmart store front becomes trash site nightmare By Sarah Cantey CBS42 Published: September 16, 2016, 5:39 am Updated: September 16, 2016, 1:30 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FAIRFIELD, Ala. (WIAT) — People are dumping their trash behind the Walmart. Even though, that could cost you jail time and hundreds of dollars in fees. You can see full trash bags ripped open, mattresses, toilets, all piling up attracting bugs. People living around here say it’s a sham this is what this properties turned into after being a main shopping location in the city. Napoleon Sims said, “With Walmart closed, that was sort of the life of Fairfield and Midfield, now that they are gone and people are using it as a junk site, that’ll take the whole community down even further.” CBS42 spoke with Fairfield police, they say they know there’s a problem and apparently the public works department should be cleaning it up in the next few weeks. There is talk the city could be putting up some sort of fence or gate. But, attempts to contact the city, public works and Walmart were all unsuccessful. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Spill forces Jasper Walmart to evacuate, store on lockdown The latest on the Birmingham Crossplex Clanton PD search for Walmart robbery suspects Walmart Neighborhood Market opens for business in Northport Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WIAT.com CBS42 on Facebook CBS42 on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIAT.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Birmingham Weather Sports Live Streaming Video CBS42 Community Report It TV Listings Station Contact Us WIAT 42 Mobile Apps WIAT 42 Careers Email alerts Text Alerts Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
null
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 49°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Friday, November 18, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Morning Meeting with Hillary Chabot, Jaclyn Cashman Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Out-of-state bigwigs back charters Push yes on Question 2 with cash Kathleen McKienan Wednesday, September 14, 2016 Credit: AP DOLING OUT DOUGH: Wal-Mart heirs Jim and Alice Walton, left, along with New York media mogul Michael Bloomberg and Houston hedge fund manager John Douglas Arnold, are backing the Bay State’s charter school expansion. (Jason Ivester/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) comments Four out-of-state billionaires — including the Wal-Mart heirs and Michael Bloomberg — and two New York lobbying groups have pumped in most of the $11.5 million raised this year for ballot Question 2 to lift the cap on charter schools, while three major teachers’ unions have doled out $6.7 million to keep the cap, campaign finance reports show. The reports, made public last Friday, shed light on who is behind the contentious Question 2 ballot referendum that will ask voters on Nov. 8 whether to allow 12 new charter schools or expansions per year in Massachusetts.   The article you requested has been archived   All coverage within bostonherald.com from the last 14 days remains free of charge. Articles do not always include original photos, charts or graphics. » Click here to search for this article within the archive. Related Articles Farmers fear price increase due to ballot vote Cashman: Only a dope would vote yes on Question 4 Plastic bag ban in Boston could carry statewide More On: Wal-Mart Michael Bloomberg Question 2 charter schools Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: Long before PBS, Gwen Ifill was an unforgettable presence Howie Carr Carr: For Mitt Romney, ‘never’ is a very short time Joe Battenfeld Battenfeld: Karyn Polito’s private island Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: Catholic Charities helping make America great again Howie Carr Carr: John Kerry run for governor would be dream come true Bob McGovern McGovern: State’s high court weighs solution to Dookan mess Tweets by @bostonherald Trending Now Somerville mayor vows to protect immigrants as Trump takes over Franck: Thanks to Charlie Baker, Bay State all set for Trump deportations Tip led cops to alleged human trafficking hot spot Feds: Barrier in gorilla exhibit didn't meet US standards Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
null

null
http://thelink.harding.edu/sites/all/themes/huthelink/js/ Skip to main content Search form Search The Bison 13 News 13 Sports Columns 13 Opinions Columns 13 Features Campus 13 Lifestyle 13 Archives HU16 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/#special%20events Special Events HU Lectureships Dedications And Ceremonies Commencement And Convocation 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/ HU16 Programming HU Football With Ronnie Huckabe 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/#harding university chapel 2015-2016 Chapel 14 # Sports HU Football HU Soccer 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/#tv16%20news%202015-2016 Live at 5 News Radio 15 AM 1660 15 KVHU 95.3 SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES The Petit Jean 16 Student Life 16 Academics 16 Athletics 16 International 16 Organizations 16 People 16 Social Clubs stdClass Object
(
    [uid] => 0
    [hostname] => 206.196.187.182
    [roles] => Array
        (
            [1] => anonymous user
        )

    [cache] => 0
    [workbench_access] => Array
        (
        )

)
 Login Login to My Account Create New Account The Bison: News Sports Columns Opinions Columns Features Campus Lifestyle Archives You are here Home News Gonaives, Haiti Considered for Harding Missions On Thursday, November 10th, Harding Director of Global Outreach Ken Graves went to Gonaives,... Gonaives, Haiti Considered for Harding Missions 'It Is Time' Plans to Increase Minority Population Continue Harding Online Security Infiltrated Through E-mails View All From "News" The Perils of Pauline Come Together Where is the Love? 'Fine Dining and Breathing' View All From "Opinions" Six Things You May Have Missed From Club Week 2k16 Hubilai Stir Fry Fires Up the Spices of Life Social Club Science: Evaluating Club Dynamics Through Myers-Briggs Personality Types Ballot Selfie Controversy Strikes View All From "Lifestyle" Lady Bisons Extend Winning Streak to Seven Games Basketball Teams set to Kick off Regular Season Football Reaches 10-0, Clinches Conference Title Bisons, Lady Bisons Sweep GAC Championships View All From "Sports" Alumnus creates YouTube channel to share positive news Student Makes Headway While Pursuing Music Searching for Future Opportunities in Chicago Sparking Conversation 'Through Colored Lines' View All From "Features" The Bison Multimedia See interviews, features, and more from the Bison's multimedia team. In the News Kaepernick on why he didn't vote Donald Trump picks White House team   Contact Us The Staff Advertise Join the Staff About Archives The Link Network is a product of the Department of Communication at Harding University. For more information contact us at communication@harding.edu or visit us at harding.edu/communication.
null
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Arkansas Times Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in to Comment / Create Account Log in to Digital Membership / Subscribe Digital Membership Active Home Blogs Browse Blogs Arkansas Blog Rock Candy Eat Arkansas Eye Candy Dining Browse Dining Dining Home Dining Reviews Eat Arkansas Dining Feature Restaurant Guide Dining Archives Home Arkansas Blog Eat Arkansas News Browse News News Home Cover Story Arkansas Reporter Columns The Big Picture The Week That Was The Observer Eye on Arkansas Cartoon Letters News Archives Rock Candy Entertainment Browse Entertainment Entertainment Home A&E Feature To-Do List In Brief Movie Reviews Music Reviews Theater Reviews A&E News Art Notes Pearls About Swine Media Calendar Entertainment Archives Latest Issue Out in Ark Guides Browse Guides Restaurant Guide Arkansas - Where Bold Nonprofits Work Neighborhoods Guide Cocktail Compass Nurses Guide Taco Truck Guide Visitor's Guide 2016 Natives Guides College Guide Welcome Home 2014 Best Lawyers in Arkansas Guide Women Entrepreneurs Best Doctors in Central Arkansas River Market Anniversary Road Trip Archives Browse Archives Cover Archives Article Archives Image Archives Video Archives Calendar Best Of Ark Browse Best Of Ark Best Of Arkansas Best Restaurants Toast Of The Town Food & Farm Dining Store Contact / Subscribe Browse Contact / Subscribe Digital Membership Subscription Digital Membership FAQ Contact Information Newspaper Subscription Email News RSS Feeds Advertising Information Academic All-Star Form Podcasts Find out more → Get unlimited access. Become a digital member! Thanks for being a Digital Member! Arkansas Blog Archives | RSS « Chris Christie will join Donald Tru…  |  Asa Hutchinson: "It's up to Arkansa… » Saturday, February 27, 2016 The Donald Trump show in Bentonville Posted By David Ramsey on Sat, Feb 27, 2016 at 12:08 PM Donald Trump, an insult comic with possibly fascist leanings who is the current GOP frontrunner for president, is holding a rally in Bentonville today. You can watch the livestream here. UPDATE: Trump (with an assist from Chris Christie) lobbed lots of insults at Rubio. They said he was a little guy with a little mouth and big ears who sweats a lot and never shows up to work. "I'm a strong guy," Trump said, explaining that he almost had to catch the tiny, fresh-mouthed Rubio because he thought he would faint. And so on.  "We gotta win Arkansas," Trump said. "Maybe I'll start shopping permanently at Walmart if we win Arkansas."  Trump barely talked about policy, other than to say that he wanted to change libel laws so that he could be more aggressive in suing the media if they dared to write mean stuff about him. Also this: "We should have a new Air Force One, it's very old." And you may have heard — he wants to build a wall along the Mexican border and make Mexico pay for it. Trump was much more interested in talking about the minutia of his personal finances and various pieces of pending litigation. On and on, like a drunk uncle over-sharing. Trump said that he might ask the judge handling the fraud case regarding his scam school, Trump University, to recuse himself. Trump mentioned the judge's ethnicity twice ("he's Hispanic, which is fine"). Later, Trump asked if there were any Hispanics in the crowd. Pointing, he said: "There's a Hispanic. In Arkansas, we have about three [Hispanics]. And that's okay." My real-time responses in the liveblog below (after the jump), including my confused conclusions about what Trump's fans want and the cult of personality that he projects.  LIVEBLOG:   The Trump plane has arrived. The cult of personality vibe of seeing his name in giant letters on a plane is, well, here you go:  click to enlarge Trump and Christie have arrived. Only half an hour late.  Christie says, "We need Arkansas to be big and strong for Donald Trump." Christie says that Rubio "doesn't work at all." Slams him for never showing up for Senate committee meetings. "Hey Marco, show up for work," he says. He says that Rubio has missed 80 percent of committee meetings. Does anyone care about this line of attack? I doubt it.  Christie to Rubio: "Unlike the U.S. Senate, president of the United States is not a no-show job, so you're not qualified." Missing senate meetings is kind of a meh attack, but I think the idea is to keep peddling the argument that Rubio is a lightweight who isn't ready. That might work with some older GOP based voters on the fence and Christie is a good surrogate to give some substantive heft to Trump's insult routine.  Christie on the debates: "When the pressure is on, Donald Trump fought like a man." By contrast, "You saw what happened to Rubio. He melted." Trump is a manly man and Rubio is a girly girl. This is the strategy that I guess works to rally the GOP base. So there you go. What a country.  Trump says politicians are "all talk, no action." He calls Rubio a "lightweight" — "little mouth on him, bing bing bing bing."  Trump: "I borrowed a tiny amount of money — I borrowed a million dollars." Trump talks about polls, a lot. He complains that we're losing and that companies are moving to Ireland ("Ireland!"). He says unemployment isn't 5 percent, like those weirdo statisticians at the Department of Labor say. Really, it's 25 percent.  "I will address little Rubio," he says. "This guy has a fresh mouth, he's a nasty guy." Trump says Rubio is an even bigger liar than Cruz.  Trump and Christie are obsessed with the debate in which Rubio awkwardly repeated himself. They've said various versions of the word meltdown a dozen times.  Trump's fascistic instincts: He says that when he's president, he's going to change libel laws so that he can more easily sue the media for stories they write about him. "We're going to open up the libel laws so we can sue the media and get damages. It'll be amazing how honest they become."  Trump says he's never seen a human being sweat so much as Rubio. "Thank God he has such big ears to catch all that sweat," he says. Trump says that Rubio was so sweaty and nervous, he thought he was going to faint. "I'm a pretty strong guy, I got ready to grab him," Trump says. "I thought he was going to go down."  Trump says that Rubio sweats so much it looks like he's just coming out of a swimming pool and Rubio puts on so much makeup it's like he's "putting it on with a trowel." These are stale jokes from yesterday.  Trump says that the reason that he's beating Rubio by 20 points in Florida is because Florida voters "can't stand the guy."  "We gotta win Arkansas," Trump says. "Maybe I'll start shopping permanently at Walmart if we win Arkansas." Trump's core message: "Politicians are never going to get you to the promised land."  He notes that he got into Wharton because he's so smart. He says he'll say crazy stuff as president. "They'll say it's unpresidential but I don't care," he says.  Trump is so much more comfortable talking about his finances and pending litigation than he is about policy or even politics. He loves talking about the micro-details, like, the statute of limitations on some legal fight over real estate or the labor market in Palm Springs or some sleazebag trying to shake him down over a casino deal or whatever. He just told a very convoluted story about some lawsuit he's fighting — honestly, I didn't follow the details — and said "this is more interesting than talking about trade." He's like a drunk uncle over-sharing. Trump just said he was before a judge "who's Hispanic, which is fine."  Later: "There's a Hispanic. In Arkansas, we have about three [Hispanics]. And that's okay."  Trump says "little Rubio" got a sweetheart deal on selling his house to a lobbyist.  "I'm so non-litigious, it's amazing," he says. Very little policy in this speech but at the end, Trump runs through a list: build a wall in Mexico, repeal and replace Obamacare, protect the Second Amendment, some incoherent stuff about trade. And change libel laws so he can shut mean journalists up. Plus this: "We should have a new Air Force One, it's very old."  Ted Cruz? He's a Canadian, Trump says. On the other hand, Trump says he likes General MacArthur and General Patton. Trump says "waterboarding is great, but we have to go stronger." Here is why I can never really understand what's going on in the GOP primaries, why I can never quite relate: So much of this stuff is about expressions of masculinity that have such a sad, sad, sad, sad "protest too much" feel to them that it's hard for me to take it seriously. If someone constantly talks about how tough and manly he is and how everyone else is not tough and manly enough, it's hard not to laugh. Because it's laughable. That's uncharitable, I know, but it's funny! My understanding of this Trump rally is that the wild fear and the deep crisis of masculinity runs so deeply for a subset of the GOP base that Trump's strongman routine registers not as a joke, not as a depressing late-night Vegas act, not as an overwritten SNL routine, not as creeping crypto-fascism — but as virile salvation.  click to enlarge Tweet Instapaper Share Favorite Saving… Comments (52) Email   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (52) Showing 1-50 of 52 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-50 of 52 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread More by David Ramsey Democrats' last stand in NE Arkansas Nate Looney vs. Rep. Brandt Smith for District 58. by David Ramsey Sep 29, 2016 Know your ballot measures A survey of the substance of three issues. by Lindsey Millar and David Ramsey Sep 15, 2016 More » Readers also liked… It's official: Mike Huckabee has lost his mind Mike Huckabee's plan for winning the Republican presidential nomination is to convince primary voters there's a holy war underway against Christians. by Max Brantley Apr 24, 2015 The inspiring Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton's campaign for president illustrates again the double standard applied to women. Some writers get it. They even find the supposedly unlikable Clinton inspiring. by Max Brantley Oct 16, 2016 Natural gas pipeline ruptures east of I-30 bridge, closing two miles of Arkansas River The U.S. Coast Guard has confirmed news that began circulating earlier today: A pipeline carrying natural gas across the Arkansas River ruptured in Little Rock yesterday or over the weekend. by Benjamin Hardy Jun 2, 2015 Most Shared DHS officials outline ambitious plan to reform state's child welfare system Coupled with the governor's announcement last week of his intention to seek a $39 million boost in DCFS funding over the next two years, this plan represents a concerted, ambitious effort to improve child welfare outcomes in Arkansas. Little Rock native Nate Powell wins National Book Award Little Rock native Nate Powell is a National Book Award winner. "March: Book Three," the final part of U.S. Rep. John Lewis' civil rights memoir, won the award for young people's literature. Andrew Aydin and Powell were co-authors with Lewis on the trilogy. A balm from Ernest Dumas on the election "It may not be nearly as bad as you expect." 'Loving' screening raises $10,000 for Tiger Foundation benefitting Central High Little Rock native Jeff Nichols brought his new acclaimed film "Loving" to the Ron Robinson Theater last night ahead of the movie's wide release on Friday. The ticketed event raised $10,000 for the Tiger Foundation, a nonprofit that benefits Central High School, Nichols' alma mater. Jury returns death penalty for Mauricio Torres Fox 24's Channing Barker reports by Twitter that a Benton County jury has sentenced Mauricio Torres to die for the capital murder of his six-year-old son, Isaiah. Visit Arkansas Historic brew made in Hot Springs Madden’s No.1 beer is brewed from the same recipe that was used by gangster Owney Madden during Prohibition. Greenwood student named winner of "Write on. Ride off" essay contest A contest co-sponsored by the Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism and the Arkansas Department of Education awarded a $1,000 mountain bike package to high-school junior Big River Crossing now open to bicyclists, runners and pedestrians The Big River Crossing in West Memphis opens as a pedestrian bridge, linking both sides of the Mississippi River. Arkansas News Headlines are not appearing because your browser does not seem to support iframes. Most Viewed Leslie Rutledge visits with Trump team Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge passed through the press gaggle watching combings and goings at the Trump transition HQ in Trump Tower in New York and said she was open to a job in the Trump administration. You go girl. Most Recent Comments Re: The Donald Trump show in Bentonville Join the great illuminati to change your life for the better 666'' do you wish… Posted by theilluminati on November 18, 2016 Re: Thursday's open line and a roundup of news comment The election was "rigged," all right. With Hillary Clinton (so far) ahead of Trump by… Posted by Norma Bates on November 18, 2016 Re: Thursday's open line and a roundup of news comment Is there a bitch registry? I'm signing up for the bitch registry. Posted by AnnaHarrisonTerry on November 18, 2016 Top Commenters Maxifer tsallenarng radical centrist couldn't be better Norma Bates Blogroll Street Jazz Site Index News Cover Story / Arkansas Reporter / The Week That Was / The Observer / Editorial / Max Brantley / Ernest Dumas / Gene Lyons / Jay Barth / Words / Guest Writer / Letters Entertainment A&E Feature / To-Do List / In Brief / Movie Reviews / Music Reviews / Theater Reviews / A&E News / Art Notes / Media / Dining Reviews / Dining Guide / Calendar / Gallery Listings This Week's Cover View This Week's Print Edition Archives West Memphis Three Contact Staff Advertising Subscribe Get Email News Submit A Letter Automotive Quick Links Special Publications Road Trip Arkansas El Latino Savvy Kids Block Street and Building Best Lawyers Nurses Guide College Guide Heights/Hillcrest Academic All-Star Form   Home | Arkansas Blog | News | Entertainment | Dining | Video | Tips | Submit a Listing | Academic All Star Form | Contact | Privacy Policy RSS Facebook Twitter © 2016 Arkansas Times | 201 East Markham, Suite 200, Little Rock, AR 72201 Powered by Foundation
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events search goes here Walmart Canada to Extend Visa Ban to All 16 Manitoba Stores By Bloomberg News Published September 15 2016, 8:19am EDT More in Retailers Print Email Reprints Share Share on Walmart Stores Inc. will stop accepting Visa Inc. credit cards at all 16 of its stores in the Canadian province of Manitoba as of Oct. 24, extending a ban that began two months ago in Thunder Bay, Ontario. The retailer is informing customers of the change Thursday on its Canadian website and in stores. Walmart’s Canadian unit has threatened to expel Visa from all 406 of its stores nationwide unless the network agrees to lower the amount it charges for credit-card transactions. Walmart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, stopped accepting Visa at its three Thunder Bay outlets on July 18. Subscribe Now Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Learn More 14-Day Free Trial Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the industry Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Reading List Walmart Canada to Extend Visa Ban to All 16 Manitoba Stores PayThink How retail brands can shake up stagnant card loyalty PayThink Poor design and weak batteries are hurting mobile point of sale adoption PayThink EMV 'bum's rush' is a disaster for merchants and consumers WP Engine adds one-click checkout for WordPress-hosted sites Get us in your inbox Sign up for CardLine Payments Update Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Scan PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2016 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Jobs Bestride Real Estate Classifieds E-Edition Subscriber Services Account Register Login Subscribe About Access E-Edition DMG Rewards Manage Subscription Customer Service Live chat Newsletters Manage Account Log Out Columbus, Ohio • Nov 18, 2016 • 55° Few Clouds The Columbus Dispatch News RSS Feeds Podcasts News Topics Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Legal Notices Local Lottery Medicine & Health Obituaries Offbeat Religion Science Special Reports US & World Weather Corrections   News Blogs -Browse by Topic- Business Columbus Education From the editor Local history Politics Public records Religion Science and environment News Blog Directory Commentary Alan D. Miller Theodore Decker John Switzer Sports RSS Feeds Podcasts College Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges High School High School Sports Other Sports Outdoors Pro Sports NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Auto Racing Sports Blogs -Browse by Sport- Blue Jackets Buckeye football Buckeye men's basketball Buckeye women's basketball Clippers Crew Golf High school sports Sports Blog Directory Commentary Michael Arace Bob Hunter Rob Oller Opinion RSS Feeds Podcasts Editorials Today's staff editorials 7-day archive Editorial Cartoons Recent Nate Beeler Cartoons Searchable Archive   Letters to the Editor Today's letters and web-only letters 30-day archive Submit your letter Op-Ed Columns Today's columns 30-day archive Life & Entertainment RSS Feeds Podcasts Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Horoscopes Pets DispatchClassifieds.com Puzzles Travel Weekly Ads Entertainment Books Celebrities Dining Events Movies Music Television Theater Life Blogs -Browse by Topic- Cycling Food For kids Joe Blundo Pop culture Old houses Pets Real estate Theater Life & Entertainment Blog Directory Commentary Joe Blundo Advice Columns Reader Columns Services Customer Service Manage Subscription Live chat Call Service: 1-877-734-7728 Call Billing: 1-866-790-7748 Subscription Home delivery E-Edition Submissions Obituaries In Memoriams Celebration Announcements (ceremonies, engagements, etc.) Letters to the Editor Entertainment Events at ColumbusAlive.com DMG Rewards Current Rewards Advertising Place an Ad Media Kit Other Services Weekly Ads Coupons Columbus Savvy Shopper Dispatch Events Newspapers in Education Contact Need help? Visit our FAQ page or use our Contact Form. Customer Service Need help? Try our live chat or online customer service. For service, call 1-877-734-7728. For billing, call 1-866-790-7748. For other inquiries, use our Contact Form or Staff Directory. Subscriptions Subscribe to The Dispatch online or call 1-877-734-7728. Advertising To place help wanted ads, call 614-888-8888 or visit ColumbusJobs.com For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com. For retail advertising, call 614-461-5500 or email us. For national advertising, call 614-461-5199. For online advertising, call 614-461-5143 or email us. Newsroom To send news tips, use our News Tip Form or call 614-461-5200. Visit our Staff Directory. Use our Contact Form, or call 614-461-5200. Dispatch Careers Visit dispatch.com/careers or call 614-461-5033. Fax 614-461-5565. Interested in delivering The Dispatch or The Bag? Check out dispatch.com/delivery or dispatch.com/bagdelivery. Subscribe Total Access Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today! Select Digital D Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad. Select Home Delivery Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you! Select E-Edition Weekly Ads Video Photos Data Obituaries Hot Links: no title Holiday cookie section Predict OSU-MSU Bob Hunter's Rumblings Dublin schools sued Obetz stadium Luxury for survivalists Weekend events Home News Chelsea Clinton stumps for her mom in Westerville The Daily Briefing Sherrod Brown critical of Trump appointee Dems delay leadership vote; Ryan still in the mix Senate elects new leaders Provisional ballot totals fall short of 2012 Buckeye Forum Podcast The Dispatch public affairs team talks politics and tackles state and federal government issues in the Buckeye Forum podcast. Your Right to Know Public records complaint program open for business View Slideshow Request to buy this photo By Kaitlin Fochesato The Columbus Dispatch  •  Friday September 16, 2016 6:51 AM Mabel Becker says she once helped Hillary Clinton get a job. Back in 1986, the Columbus-area resident owned stock in the retail giant Walmart. Becker wrote to the founder and then CEO of the company, Sam Walton, demanding a woman be appointed to the company's board of directors. "And he responded and said he would by the end of the year," Becker said, and Walton kept his promise. Hillary Clinton, whose husband Bill was governor of Arkansas at the time, was appointed to the board that year. Now, Becker is hoping she can help Hillary attain another position: President of the United States. "I want everything she stands for," Becker said as she waited to watch the candidate's daughter Chelsea Clinton speak in Westerville on Thursday afternoon. "I want to see a woman in the White House." Becker was one of about 100 guests who attended brief remarks made by Chelsea in the Ohio Together office on Westerview Drive that opened last week. The venue was a rented office space with a small stage, in between a hot yoga studio and a printing press. Never mentioning Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump by name, only as the "opponent," Chelsea spoke for about five minutes thanking the campaign volunteers. "Everything we all care about is at stake this election," Chelsea said, mentioning the recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to deny Ohio's Golden Week, a period of time in which Ohioans can register to vote and vote early. She reminded the crowd that her mother is not "new to these fights," adding that before she was born her mother was already fighting for children and their families. The Trump campaign was ready to fire back. Cameron Hunt, a member of the Ohio State University Students for Trump, said he encourages his classmates to vote for Republican candidate Donald Trump because, Hunt believes, Trump will bring real jobs back from overseas for the regular American student. "As a millennial voter, I don’t believe Chelsea Clinton understands what it’s like for average Ohioans struggling under the failed Obama-Clinton economic policies that her mother wants to continue," Hunt said in a statement. She will return to Ohio next week for an event in the Toledo area. kfochesato@dispatch.com @KaitFochesato Favorite Print Story Advertisement • Place an ad News Video More Videos Advertisement • Place an ad Explore Columbus Search Businesses Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Add Your Business COLUMBUS ATTRACTIONS Columbus Bars Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Columbus Doctors Medical Specialists Contractors Construction Education in Columbus Lawn Services Lawyers in Columbus Shopping in Columbus Travel to Columbus Tanning in Columbus Used Cars in Columbus Wedding Services News Blogs The Bottom Line Nearly one-quarter of Americans say they have participated in 'gig' economy Ride-hailing, selling something online driving 'gig' economy Product recalls Morty Pride Meats, Inc. recalls pork barbeque products Morty Pride Meats, Inc. is recalling approximately 237,891 pounds of pork... The Bottom Line Lousy sleep hurting your company's bottom line Accidents, sleep-related absences cost employers $35 billion a year Product recalls Skidders Footwear recalls children's shoes; sold exclusively at Meijer stores This recall involves Skidders Footwear children’s canvas tennis shoes sold in... More News Blogs Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad Site Map About the Dispatch About Our Ads Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contacts Store Work with Us News Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Local Medicine & Health Obituaries Religion Science US & World Weather Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Sports Commentary High School Sports Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Nate Beeler Cartoons Op-Ed Columnists Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Travel Advice Columns Joe Blundo Columns Entertainment Topics Books Dining Events Movies Music Theater Classifieds Columbus Jobs Columbus Real Estate Bestride Dispatch Classifieds Services Customer Service Reader Rewards Place an Ad Submissions Reader Options Home Delivery Archive Mobile E-Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Podcasts Dispatch Media Group Dispatch Media Group Browse Affiliate Sites Dispatch Media Group The Columbus Dispatch BlueJacketsXtra BuckeyeXtra Columbus Alive Columbus Parent Columbus Monthly Columbus Weddings Columbus CEO ThisWeek Community News Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad © Copyright 2016 GateHouse Media, Inc. and Propel/DMG, reproduction prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Here's how Target plans to turn its business around The Motley Fool 9/15/2016 Daniel B. Kline Coming off a quarter when it reported that fewer shoppers visited its stores, Target CEO Brian Cornell has a plan to turn around his company. Quotes in the article Target Corp TGT ▼ 75.93 -0.20 -0.26% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 69.29 +0.10 +0.14% The chief executive shared some of his ideas on Sept. 14 at Target's annual meeting. Cornell has his work cut out for him because not only did the chain report that foot traffic in stores was down 2.2% in its latest quarter, but comparable sales dropped by 1.1% as well. When the company announced its Q2 2016 earnings, Cornell offered a message about his plans for the future. "Looking ahead, we remain focused on our enterprise priorities as we continue to see the benefits of investing in Signature Categories, store experience, new flex-format stores and digital capabilities," he said. "Although we are planning for a challenging environment in the back half of the year, we believe we have the right strategy to restore traffic and sales growth over time." Related video: Target faces sales decline after boycott Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Major Retailer Faces Sales Decline After Boycott Veuer See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT At the annual meeting, the CEO offered more details as to exactly what path Target plans to follow. Small stores are key Early in 2016, Target rival Wal-Mart closed all of its small-format stores. In theory, those locations were supposed to let the retailer operate in places where a full-size store would not make sense. That could have been for a variety of reasons ranging from cost of real estate in a city setting or population in a more rural area. Despite Wal-Mart abandoning the format, Target plans to continue growing its small-store portfolio, Cornell said during the annual meeting, Bloomberg reported. Target already has 23 small-format stores operating in larger cities and plans nine more this year and at least 16 in 2017. Coming in at less than 50,000 square feet, these smaller locations allow the chain to operate in downtown locations where a full-size store would be cost-prohibitive. Cornell noted during the meeting that eventually the company could have hundreds of these smaller locations that can also serve as locations for in-store pickup of online orders, according to Bloomberg. Groceries are part of the answer Cornell, who has a background in groceries, believes that his chain is actually on the right track when it comes to its offering. Instead of being a full-service, everything-to-everyone grocer, Target wants to focus on organic, natural, and gluten-free foods while also offering attention-getting items like craft beer. The CEO believes that he has made the right moves, but that the public has not noticed yet. "It's just going to take time for us to get credit for those changes," he said during the national meeting, Fortune reported. To help raise awareness, Target has begun putting more focus on groceries in its weekly circulars and has begun tweaking store displays. Target has a ways to go Part of Target's Q2 problem came from the customer boycott over its decision to allow people to use the bathroom of the gender they identify with rather than their birth gender. The company has partially addressed that by committing to add single-person bathrooms to all its stores, but it's possible that a small percentage of its audience may not come back due to its stance. Aside from that, though, Target's big problem is Wal-Mart and, to a lesser extent, Amazon.com. Cornell is playing smart when it comes to his big physical-store rival. By adding small stores and differentiating its grocery offering, Target is setting itself up as a clear alternative. Going higher end with groceries and opening up hip stores in downtown locales also reinforces the "Tar-Jay" higher-end image, which can separate the company from its more mass-market rival. None of these moves will pay off quickly, but Cornell has a plan and in the long run it should help him build back sales and maybe earn new customers. SPONSORED: A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Motley Fool 5 Rock-Solid Dividend Secrets Any Retiree Can Use The Motley Fool Your Cable Company Was Just Placed on Life Support The Motley Fool Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea The Motley Fool The Motley Fool View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories National by The Canadian Press Posted Sep 15, 2016 3:24 pm MST Last Updated Sep 15, 2016 at 4:40 pm MST Denise Stark, mother of Cpl. Justin Stark, is seen at the cemetery where her son is buried in Hamilton, Ont., on Thursday, March 6, 2014. The mother of a Canadian soldier who killed himself after serving in Afghanistan will finally be honoured with a Memorial Cross this weekend, ending a long battle to have the military recognize his death as service related. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Colin Perkel Highlights from the news file for Thursday, Sept. 15 ____ CANADIAN HELD IN CHINA RELEASED: A Canadian man jailed in China on espionage charges has been released, a federal official said Thursday. Kevin Garratt lived in China for about 30 years, conducted Christian aid work and ran a popular coffee shop near China’s border with North Korea. He and his wife Julia were arrested just over two years ago, although she was released on bail about six months later. In January, he was indicted on accusations of spying for Canada and stealing Chinese state secrets. During his recent visit to China, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau indicated that he had raised the case during his talks with Chinese leaders. ____ MAN FOUND GUILTY OF KILLING ALBERTA COUPLE: The son of an Alberta couple who disappeared six years ago says the second-degree murder conviction handed down in their deaths is a relief. Bret McCann says the family will probably never know exactly what happened the day his parents Lyle and Marie vanished, but said he hopes that some day their bodies will be found. Justice Denny Thomas said Thursday there was no reasonable doubt that Travis Vader killed the McCanns during a robbery. Vader’s DNA and a fingerprint were found in the McCanns’ SUV. The conviction carries an automatic life sentence, but a hearing still needs to be held to determine Vader’s parole eligibility. ____ GRAHAM JAMES GRANTED FULL PAROLE: Ex NHL star and sex abuse survivor Theoren Fleury says if victims of pedophiles are looking for closure from the justice system, in many cases it will never happen. He weighed in after convicted sex offender Graham James was granted full parole Thursday in Laval, Quebec. For his part James apologized for his deeds and has called them “horrific.” The now 64-year-old James is serving a federal sentence for sexually assaulting hockey players he coached in the late 1980s and early ’90s with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League. ____ HOUSEHOLD DEBT HITS NEW RECORD: The amount Canadians owe compared with how much they earn hit a new record in the second quarter. TD Bank economist Leslie Preston says low interest rates have made borrowing more attractive, especially for homebuyers, and she predicts the debt ratio could continue to trend a little higher in the next few quarters. The Bank of Canada has identified household debt as a key risk to the economy. ____ MP MUSES ABOUT MAKING OTTAWA OFFICIALLY BILINGUAL: A Liberal MP is trying to start a debate on the merits of making Ottawa an officially bilingual city. Denis Paradis says he would like the House of Commons committee he chairs to explore the idea. The idea has come up before, sparking debate between those who want stronger protections for the rights of the minority French-speaking community in Ottawa and those who fear it would cost too much and further restrict access to jobs. ____ WALMART STEPS UP PRESSURE AGAINST VISA: Walmart Canada says it will no longer accept Visa at any of its Manitoba stores starting next month. It’s part of Walmart’s battle with the credit card giant over the fees retailers must pay, which it says are too high. Walmart said in June that it would stop accepting Visa at its more than 400 Canadian stores, arguing that it unfairly pays more than $100 million annually in credit card fees. It started phasing out Visa at its store earlier this summer. ____ NDP WRAPS UP CAUCUS: NDP leader Tom Mulcair has wrapped up a party caucus meeting with a dim view of the Trudeau government. He accuses the Liberals of lacking substance and says the New Democrats will hold them to account. With a new session of Parliament set to open on Monday, the NDP has several challenges to overcome, including declines in poll numbers and membership. Many party members are hoping an upcoming leadership race will boost the party’s popularity. ____ GOVERNMENT IMPROVES LABELLING ON SOME PHARMACEUTICALS: Health Canada has released updated labelling standards for over-the-counter products containing acetaminophen. The idea is to try to reduce the risk of liver damage. The department says the changes will include clearer instructions on packages that encourage using the lowest possible dose, not exceeding the recommended daily amount of 4,000 mg for adults and not using products for more than five days for pain or three days for a fever. Acetaminophen is commonly used in a wide range of non-prescription and prescription drugs, including opioid painkillers. ____ TRUMP SAYS NO PRESCRIPTION SHOULD BE NEEDED FOR BIRTH CONTROL: Donald Trump says he thinks women should be able to obtain birth control without a prescription. He told “The Dr. Oz Show” that for many women, getting a prescription can be challenging. But an official with the Planned Parenthood Action Fund is warning that making birth control prescription-free could make it too expensive for millions of women. That’s because insurance doesn’t cover over-the-counter drugs. __ UN SECRETARY GENERAL SAYS LIFE-SAVING DRUGS NEED TO BE MORE AFFORDABLE: UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon’s office says it hopes a new report he commissioned will help make life-saving drugs more affordable for vulnerable people. Spokesman Matthias Gillmann says Ban doesn’t necessarily endorse this week’s report of a high-level UN panel that calls for changes to international intellectual property rules that keep lower-priced generic drugs off the market longer. But he hopes it stimulates discussion at this weekend’s Global Fund conference in Montreal, which the secretary general will attend along with philanthropist Bill Gates and the Irish rock star and activist Bono. The two day event will try to raise US$13 billion to replenish the Global Fund’s fight against AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria for the next three years. ____ ____ Next Story Movie Trailers November 18, 2016 to November 24, 2016 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Inferno (14A) 3:00pm / 6:15pm / 9:45pm Jack Reacher: Never Go Back (14A) 3:20pm / 6:45pm / 9:55pm Ouija: Origin of Evil (14A) 3:40pm / 7:10pm / 10:15pm Keeping Up with the Joneses (PG) 3:10pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm The Accountant (14A) 6:00pm / 9:20pm The Girl on the Train (14A) 10:05pm Deepwater Horizon (PG) 7:00pm   660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL The effects of India’s currency reform? “Chaos” say analysts Today at 3:59 AM TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history Today at 3:24 AM Despite protests, Marcos is buried at heroes’ cemetery Today at 3:10 AM Hundreds of O’Hare airport workers vote to strike Today at 2:45 AM Researchers at Calgary university explore antibiotic resistance link Today at 2:09 AM Selfie tower: Trump’s home becomes NYC’s hottest backdrop Today at 1:45 AM Hearing to be held on fate of woman facing deportation to Britain Nov 18, 2016, 4:12 AM Health experts, politicians look to address national opioid epidemic at summit Nov 18, 2016, 2:30 AM Quebec prosecutors to speak about sex abuse allegations involving police officers Nov 18, 2016, 2:25 AM Five stories in the news Friday, Nov. 18 Nov 18, 2016, 2:00 AM Trudeau to tout trade at luncheon speech to Argentine, Canadian businesses Nov 18, 2016, 2:00 AM Canada still committed to NATO, Sajjan says, after Trump's campaign threats Nov 11, 2016, 3:45 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Beyond rooms and homes: Airbnb adding tours and activities Nov 17, 2016, 12:25 PM Young Maple Leafs have an opportunity to do something special Today at 2:03 AM Encarnacion’s agent: ‘Door still open’ for return to Blue Jays Nov 17, 2016, 8:49 PM Five things we learned: The Ben Bishop show Today at 2:49 AM Marner, Brown lead Leafs over Panthers; spoil Reimer’s return Nov 17, 2016, 11:18 PM Mike Trout, Kris Bryant take home MLB MVP honours Nov 17, 2016, 7:22 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Black Eyed Peas' Taboo reveals cancer battle Nov 18, 2016, 4:29 AM TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history Nov 18, 2016, 12:24 AM Jennifer Lopez duets with Marc Anthony at Latin Grammys Nov 17, 2016, 9:48 PM Jennifer Lopez duets with Marc Anthony at Latin Grammys Nov 17, 2016, 9:48 PM The Latest: Hockney landscape fetches record $11.7M in NYC Nov 17, 2016, 7:04 PM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Newsfeed MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Where Does the Fantastic Beasts Franchise Go Next? Leonardo DiCaprio Did Lunch to Support the Homeless Review: ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Breaks as Many Things as It Fixes These Evil Kermit the Frog Memes Are a Hilarious Reminder of the Dark Side in All of Us Why Donald Trump’s Election Makes J.K. Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts Even More Timely A Man Dissolved in an Acidic Hot Pool at Yellowstone. Here’s Why the Water Is So Dangerous History Is a Pendulum Not an Arc Miles Teller and Aaron Eckhart on Why Bleed For This Is More Than Just Another Boxing Movie Older Moms May Live Longer Man Tried to Burn Down His Ex-Girlfriend’s House Using Cheetos TIME Newsfeed Food & Drink Walmart’s New Restaurant Will Serve Cookie Fries and All Fried Everything Raisa Bruner @raisabruner Sept. 15, 2016 SHARE Also, funnel cake fries Plano, Texas is about to get a very unusual addition to its culinary scene: a restaurant is opening up inside the town’s Walmart to serve deep-fried State-Fair-themed treats all year round. The entrepreneurial chef behind the new food endeavor is one Isaac Rousso, who has been a regular finalist and winner at the Texas State Fair over the years for his kitchen creations like Cookie Fries, Smoky Bacon Margaritas, Deep Fried Cuban Rolls, and Fried Pop Tarts, as the Dallas Morning News reports. Depending on the new restaurant’s success in Plano, Walmart will consider opening up outlets of State Fair Treats in other locations across the country, meaning that dangerously caloric dishes like funnel cake fries and deep-fried hash browns stuffed with bacon and cheese might make it to a retail stop near you. In the face of the national trend for healthy foods, this might seem like an unexpected development — but Walmart has been bullish on retro snacks, recently adding deep-fried Hostess Twinkies to their freezer section. State Fair Treats sounds like a natural addition to this nostalgic menu. Texas State Fair Food: Cookie Fries (cookie dough fries), Fried Jello, Funyun Dings, Injectable Barbeque Balls pic.twitter.com/lZSNU6bXWb — Scott Wise (@brewhouse) August 31, 2016 Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Trending in Toronto Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories by The Canadian Press Posted Sep 15, 2016 5:24 pm EST Last Updated Sep 15, 2016 at 6:40 pm EST National Denise Stark, mother of Cpl. Justin Stark, is seen at the cemetery where her son is buried in Hamilton, Ont., on Thursday, March 6, 2014. The mother of a Canadian soldier who killed himself after serving in Afghanistan will finally be honoured with a Memorial Cross this weekend, ending a long battle to have the military recognize his death as service related. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Colin Perkel Highlights from the news file for Thursday, Sept. 15 ____ CANADIAN HELD IN CHINA RELEASED: A Canadian man jailed in China on espionage charges has been released, a federal official said Thursday. Kevin Garratt lived in China for about 30 years, conducted Christian aid work and ran a popular coffee shop near China’s border with North Korea. He and his wife Julia were arrested just over two years ago, although she was released on bail about six months later. In January, he was indicted on accusations of spying for Canada and stealing Chinese state secrets. During his recent visit to China, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau indicated that he had raised the case during his talks with Chinese leaders. ____ MAN FOUND GUILTY OF KILLING ALBERTA COUPLE: The son of an Alberta couple who disappeared six years ago says the second-degree murder conviction handed down in their deaths is a relief. Bret McCann says the family will probably never know exactly what happened the day his parents Lyle and Marie vanished, but said he hopes that some day their bodies will be found. Justice Denny Thomas said Thursday there was no reasonable doubt that Travis Vader killed the McCanns during a robbery. Vader’s DNA and a fingerprint were found in the McCanns’ SUV. The conviction carries an automatic life sentence, but a hearing still needs to be held to determine Vader’s parole eligibility. ____ GRAHAM JAMES GRANTED FULL PAROLE: Ex NHL star and sex abuse survivor Theoren Fleury says if victims of pedophiles are looking for closure from the justice system, in many cases it will never happen. He weighed in after convicted sex offender Graham James was granted full parole Thursday in Laval, Quebec. For his part James apologized for his deeds and has called them “horrific.” The now 64-year-old James is serving a federal sentence for sexually assaulting hockey players he coached in the late 1980s and early ’90s with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League. ____ HOUSEHOLD DEBT HITS NEW RECORD: The amount Canadians owe compared with how much they earn hit a new record in the second quarter. TD Bank economist Leslie Preston says low interest rates have made borrowing more attractive, especially for homebuyers, and she predicts the debt ratio could continue to trend a little higher in the next few quarters. The Bank of Canada has identified household debt as a key risk to the economy. ____ MP MUSES ABOUT MAKING OTTAWA OFFICIALLY BILINGUAL: A Liberal MP is trying to start a debate on the merits of making Ottawa an officially bilingual city. Denis Paradis says he would like the House of Commons committee he chairs to explore the idea. The idea has come up before, sparking debate between those who want stronger protections for the rights of the minority French-speaking community in Ottawa and those who fear it would cost too much and further restrict access to jobs. ____ WALMART STEPS UP PRESSURE AGAINST VISA: Walmart Canada says it will no longer accept Visa at any of its Manitoba stores starting next month. It’s part of Walmart’s battle with the credit card giant over the fees retailers must pay, which it says are too high. Walmart said in June that it would stop accepting Visa at its more than 400 Canadian stores, arguing that it unfairly pays more than $100 million annually in credit card fees. It started phasing out Visa at its store earlier this summer. ____ NDP WRAPS UP CAUCUS: NDP leader Tom Mulcair has wrapped up a party caucus meeting with a dim view of the Trudeau government. He accuses the Liberals of lacking substance and says the New Democrats will hold them to account. With a new session of Parliament set to open on Monday, the NDP has several challenges to overcome, including declines in poll numbers and membership. Many party members are hoping an upcoming leadership race will boost the party’s popularity. ____ GOVERNMENT IMPROVES LABELLING ON SOME PHARMACEUTICALS: Health Canada has released updated labelling standards for over-the-counter products containing acetaminophen. The idea is to try to reduce the risk of liver damage. The department says the changes will include clearer instructions on packages that encourage using the lowest possible dose, not exceeding the recommended daily amount of 4,000 mg for adults and not using products for more than five days for pain or three days for a fever. Acetaminophen is commonly used in a wide range of non-prescription and prescription drugs, including opioid painkillers. ____ TRUMP SAYS NO PRESCRIPTION SHOULD BE NEEDED FOR BIRTH CONTROL: Donald Trump says he thinks women should be able to obtain birth control without a prescription. He told “The Dr. Oz Show” that for many women, getting a prescription can be challenging. But an official with the Planned Parenthood Action Fund is warning that making birth control prescription-free could make it too expensive for millions of women. That’s because insurance doesn’t cover over-the-counter drugs. __ UN SECRETARY GENERAL SAYS LIFE-SAVING DRUGS NEED TO BE MORE AFFORDABLE: UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon’s office says it hopes a new report he commissioned will help make life-saving drugs more affordable for vulnerable people. Spokesman Matthias Gillmann says Ban doesn’t necessarily endorse this week’s report of a high-level UN panel that calls for changes to international intellectual property rules that keep lower-priced generic drugs off the market longer. But he hopes it stimulates discussion at this weekend’s Global Fund conference in Montreal, which the secretary general will attend along with philanthropist Bill Gates and the Irish rock star and activist Bono. The two day event will try to raise US$13 billion to replenish the Global Fund’s fight against AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria for the next three years. ____ ____ Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- Next Story "> Posted LOCAL NATIONAL Man suffers life-threatening injuries in Jane-Falstaff shooting Nov 17, 2016, 9:45 PM Shooting in Weston leaves one man in serious condition Nov 17, 2016, 8:38 PM Man suffers life-threatening injuries in Brampton shooting Nov 17, 2016, 6:13 PM Police officer found guilty of sex assault in Richmond Hill Nov 17, 2016, 5:03 PM Man hit by truck on Highway 401 Nov 17, 2016, 4:05 PM Toronto police board approves revised carding policy that retains old data Nov 17, 2016, 3:44 PM Quebec prosecutors to speak about sex abuse allegations involving police officers Nov 18, 2016, 4:25 AM Trudeau to tout trade at luncheon speech to Argentine, Canadian businesses Nov 18, 2016, 4:00 AM Five stories in the news Friday, Nov. 18 Nov 18, 2016, 4:00 AM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM 3 workers rescued after being trapped in collapse in Ottawa tunnel; one injured Nov 10, 2016, 4:54 PM 'It's a betrayal:' former Calgary police officer charged with kidnapping Nov 15, 2016, 5:48 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Christmastime is here: Santa comes to town, tree lighting events this weekend Nov 17, 2016, 8:42 AM Twitter adds new options to curb abuse, harassment Nov 16, 2016, 5:37 AM Review: How Google Daydream View compares to other VR options Nov 15, 2016, 4:42 PM Tinder update allows gender options beyond woman and man Nov 15, 2016, 1:43 PM Report suggests more Canadians are using food banks Nov 15, 2016, 5:35 AM Toronto has highest child poverty rate of Canadian cities, report says Nov 14, 2016, 12:47 PM Young Maple Leafs have an opportunity to do something special Today at 2:03 AM Encarnacion’s agent: ‘Door still open’ for return to Blue Jays Nov 17, 2016, 8:49 PM Five things we learned: The Ben Bishop show Today at 2:49 AM Marner, Brown lead Leafs over Panthers; spoil Reimer’s return Nov 17, 2016, 11:18 PM Mike Trout, Kris Bryant take home MLB MVP honours Nov 17, 2016, 7:22 PM Leonard Cohen died in his sleep after a fall, manager says Nov 17, 2016, 6:06 AM Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville Nov 13, 2016, 11:04 AM Dave Chappelle, 'SNL' give thoughtful coda to election Nov 13, 2016, 4:09 AM Memorial service held for Leonard Cohen on Thursday in Quebec Nov 10, 2016, 8:53 PM Ahead of the weekend, Toronto comes together on Remembrance Day Nov 10, 2016, 7:38 AM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Supermarket News Search: Buy SN Research Digital Edition About Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Retail & Financial Online Retail Executive Changes Laws & Regulations Marketing Recommended Reading Store Design & Construction Issues & Trends The New Consumer Food Safety Health & Wellness Sustainability Organic & Natural Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Publix Ahold Delhaize Product Categories Bakery Beverage Center Store Dairy Deli Prepared Foods Meat Multicultural Nonfood & Pharmacy Private Label Produce & Floral Seafood Rankings & Research Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents Top 25 Global Retailers Disruptors 2015 SN Awards SN Research Upcoming Events White Papers & Studies Advertisement Home > Top Retailers > Walmart > Walmart diversity report shows progress, room for improvement Walmart diversity report shows progress, room for improvement Sep 15, 2016 Liz Webber EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Walmart has been diversifying its labor force by hiring and elevating women and people of color. (Photos courtesy of Walmart) Related Media Walmart CFO: Job cuts aid efficiency, operations Walmart has released its 2016 Culture, Diversity & Inclusion Report that shows the retailer has made strides in hiring and elevating women and people of color.  However, like many companies in the industry, the numbers also make clear Walmart still has room for improvement when it comes to fully diversifying management and the C-suite.  While 56% of the retailer’s U.S. associates are women, only 43% of U.S. managers and 31% of officers are women.  Similarly, 42% ... REGISTER TO VIEW THIS ARTICLE - Register for a Free Account Why Register for FREE? Registering for content on Supermarket News will give you INSTANT access to invaluable articles and media content that industry professionals rely on. You will have access to our special reports, feature articles, and industry analysis. It’s FREE, easy and quick.  What are you waiting for! In addition you will also receive complimentary access to the SN salary survey data tables.   Click here to read the FAQ page if you have any questions (opens in a new window)   Attention Paid Print Subscribers:  While you have already been granted free access to SN we ask that you register now. We promise it will only take a few minutes! Or visit your profile and add your print magazine account number and zip code. Register Already registered? Log In here. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 0 Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your Supermarket News ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles SURVEY REVEALS PROGRESS IN ECR -- AND ROOM TO IMPROVE   PROGRESS REPORT   Sustainability Award: Sobeys Progresses Toward Carbon, Waste-Diversion Goals   Plenty of Room to Grow: Wal-Mart   Wal-Mart Reports Sustainability Progress   Latest News Natural Grocers to moderate store growth  Sanders out as Sprouts chairman CPI shows 6th straight month of retail deflation  Northgate shows off waste-to-energy system Walmart posts modest 3Q sales, comp growth  more Advertisement Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Albertsons Publix Ahold USA Delhaize America Editor's Choice New value concept sweeps Harveys overnight    Reimagining Center Store    Value-added and natural offerings drive pork sales    Retailers play up citrus    Wegmans, Price Chopper see benefits in full-service restaurants    Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Advertisement Navigate SupermarketNews.com News Top Retailers Product Categories Rankings & Research Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Contact Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Search SupermarketNews.com Search: Supermarket News Penton Media Food Group and Related Sites NewHope360 MeetingsNet Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Could Digital Shopping Acquire A New Meaning? Claire Kenney , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 15, 2016 5:25pm   Comments Share: Related WMT 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble Delta, American Airlines Are Buys; Saleforce.com PT Hiked (Investor's Business Daily) Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) might still have a brick-and-mortar-based business strategy, but there is evidence that the company is diving into digital innovation. Earlier this month, the US Patent and Trademark Office published a patent application filed by Wal-Mart for a technological device that appears to have the capability to propel autonomous shopping carts. The circular, sensory-ridden device, would allow carts to move around a Wal-Mart store without the help of customers. Linked to an app and centralized computer system, carts would navigate the store for the customers allowing them to easily find their items. The growing online shopping industry is considered a competitor to Wal-Mart. If launched, this cart could serve as a marketing tool for the Arkansas-based corporation. Posted-In: News Tech © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday Mid-Day Market Update: Western Refining Surges On Acquisition News; Stage Stores Shares Slide Who Reigns Supreme In Big Box Same-Store Sales? The Technical Take: Wal-Mart Lower After Mixed Q3 Report, Lower Guidance View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 CBDS, THCBF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DRYS, GLBS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In Sh... 3 TSO, PLNT: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 DRYS, ESEA: What Is The Baltic Dry Shipping Index An... 5 MBLY, TSLA: Mobileye Could Collapse By Nex... 6 GLBS, EGLE: DryShips Announces O... 7 DSX, TOPS: Dry Bulk Sh... 1 SAP, CRM: Salesforce's Inflection Point: Could It Become The Business Standard? 2 GPS: Headwinds For Gap Outnumber Tailwinds; Citi Downgrades To Sell 3 MTCH, CSCO: Benzinga's Top Initiations 4 SPY, XLF: Pro: Markets Should Take A Step Back 5 USO: Technical Alert: Crude Oil Futures Slightly Higher 6 SPY, INDU: Technical Alert: S&P 500 Index Futu... 7 SAVE, ALK: Citi's Neutral-To-Bullish... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Failed Trial Sends Novovax Shares Spiraling Down 85% Jeff Bezos On Space Exploration & Life On Mars: Dreamers Come First, Builders Come Second
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Girls' basketball 2016-17: Preseason rankings Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash Kennedy High students walk out to protest hate, discrimination Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Video: Iowa City West fans, alumni send off championship game-bound football team Iowa Democrats plans to elect new chairperson in January Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Offseason rugby title may have helped Union advance to football title game Dollar General hiring 10,000 in expansion push Discount retailer locked in battle with Dollar Tree Video Photo Reuters Sep 15, 2016 at 3:37 pm | Print View Discount retailer Dollar General said it plans to hire 10,000 employees by mid-October, boosting its head count by nearly 9 pct to support its expansion efforts as it looks to protect its turf amid fierce competition. The company, which operates stores in Eastern Iowa, said on Thursday it would hire full-time and part-time employees, including for permanent sales floor positions such as store managers, lead sales associates and store associates. “Dollar General remains focused on our strategy to invest in our employees as a competitive advantage,” Dollar General CEO Todd Vasos said in a statement. “We look forward to providing new employees opportunities to gain new skills, develop their talents and grow their careers through our mission of Serving Others.” The news comes two weeks after bigger rival Wal-Mart Stores said it would cut 7,000 back-office jobs to focus more of its resources on the sales floor. Dollar stores operators such as Dollar General and bigger rival Dollar Tree are locked in an intense battle against each other as well as big-box retailers such as Wal-Mart to win over shoppers. Dollar stores have eaten into the market shares of their big-box rivals in recent years, helped by aggressive expansion, improving product assortment and low prices. Goodlettsville, Tenn.-based Dollar General operates more than 13,000 stores in the United States and has laid out plans to open 900 stores this year and about 1,000 more in 2017. In 2015 Dollar General opened 730 new stores, remodeled or relocated 881 stores and closed 36. The retailer had about 113,400 full-time and part-time employees as of Feb. 26. It has hired 42,000 employees since 2008, or an average of about 5,200 each year. Dollar General’s annual sales grew from $18.9 billion in 2014 to $20.4 billion in 2015. Its expansion plans come a year after the company failed in its attempt to acquire rival Family Dollar for $9.1 billion. Your next Business articles Water quality advocates say voluntary ac ... University of Iowa researchers develop m ... Do you need insurance for your drone? Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Operation Holiday Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts 40° F Broken Clouds Hi: 51° F Lo: 26° F Radar Forecast Alerts 4 Weather Alerts 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Featured: Auto Recalls Product Recalls School Funding Fight Water Park Tragedy Latest Headlines Cute alert: Dog loves snow! Updated: 4 mins ago Super-excited dog goes nuts when snow begins falling at his Colorado home. Trump on Twitter: Ford won’t move Lincoln assembly to Mexico Updated: 9 mins ago President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter Thursday night to announce that Ford Motor Co. won’t be moving Lincoln production. Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Updated: 9 mins ago Northern Plains brace for blizzards, freezing temperatures Updated: 19 mins ago Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song sold for $4.8 million Updated: 25 mins ago Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Current Conditions 40° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 29° F Wind: NW 24 Humidity: 60% Dewpoint: 27° F Sunrise: 7:12 AM Sunset: 5:15 PM Wichita and Kansas Weather Forecast Radar Threat Tracker Photos Sponsored by: Sports Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Featured: Wichita State Shockers Latest Headlines Emporia State Football just keeps on winning Updated: 37 mins ago Emporia State football is having a record-breaking two year run of success. Pratt football excited for a chance at a state championship game Updated: 35 mins ago Pratt football is focused and ready to hit the road for their big-time matchup against Holcomb. Holcomb football motivated for another crack at Pratt November 17, 2016 Pratt vs. Holcomb is the Friday Football Fever Game of the Week November 17, 2016 Wichita State tops Tulsa 80-53 November 17, 2016 Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Featured: Oscar Awards Wichita Riverfest Latest Headlines Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song sold for $4.8 million Updated: 24 mins ago A dress worn by Marilyn Monroe as she famously sang “Happy Birthday” to President John. F. Kennedy has sold for nearly $5 million. Kanye West says if he’d voted, he would’ve voted for Trump Updated: 26 mins ago Kanye West says he would have voted for Republican President-elect Donald Trump. Google hits Pixel resellers with ‘digital death sentence’ November 17, 2016 Man charged with felony vandalism in smashing of Trump star November 17, 2016 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case November 17, 2016 More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Operation Holiday Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 40° F Broken Clouds Hi: 51° F Lo: 26° F Camera captures California parking lot brawl KCRA-TV / NBC Published: September 15, 2016, 3:54 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FAIRFIELD, Calif. (KCRA) — Cell phone video shows a frightening fight over a handicapped parking space in a Fairfield, California Walmart parking lot. Susan Fowler started recording after a 64-year-old man with disabilities was pulled from his car, put in a chokehold and punched. “It was horrible to watch, you know,” Fowler said. “Justice needs to be served.” Her video shows the man on the ground and the attacker yelling at a few Fairfield Walmart shoppers who tried to intervene. Chris Bennett is one of them. “By that time, he had already unfortunately got the guy out on the ground — slammed him on the ground,” Bennett recalled. “I was able to get in between them, push him off of him. He went to kick him, I pushed him back.” Read more: http://bit.ly/2cLKW64 Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts KSN Investigates: Wichita PD and the Brady-Giglio policy Snake surprise shocks driver Cop car thief goes live with Facebook Update: Police identify man killed in shooting Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Photo Galleries Gallery: Supermoon lights up Kansas sky Gallery: President-elect Donald Trump visits the White House Gallery: Clinton supporters react to election results Gallery: Trump supporters celebrate election results Gallery: Voters head to the polls Gallery: Trump, Clinton await results on Election Day Gallery: Chicago Cubs win World Series Gallery: November shots of the day Gallery: Top Halloween costumes for kids in 2016 Gallery: Top Halloween costumes for pets in 2016 Gallery: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump meet for final debate Photos: October 6th storms move through Kansas Gallery: Hurricane Matthew lashes Florida’s coast Gallery: Kaine, Pence face-off in VP debate Gallery: October Shots of the Day Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 18, 2016 9:48 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Pa. Supreme Court will not hear appeal in Wal-Mart construction September 15, 2016 4:54 PM Jae C. Hong/Associated Press A citizens' group sued McCandless and Wal-Mart in 2014 after council approved the construction plan for a retail store. After the group lost its case in Allegheny County Common Pleas Court, it appealed to the state Commonwealth Court. When it lost that case, it appealed to the state Supreme Court, which has refused to hear the appeal. By Paula Reed Ward / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette The state Supreme Court today denied a request to hear the appeal of a citizens group protesting the construction of a Wal-Mart superstore in McCandless. The decision to deny the appeal from a Commonwealth Court ruling includes no explanation. Citizens of McCandless sued the township and Wal-Mart in 2014 after McCandless council approved the construction plan. The group raised concerns about parking — the store would have 624 spaces even though town zoning requires 1,000 — and the fact that it would located in the Pine Creek watershed. The citizens group lost its case in Allegheny County Common Pleas Court in January 2015 and appealed to Commonwealth Court. A three-judge panel of the Commonwealth Court issued an opinion in February finding that McCandless council did not err in approving the construction plan. A month later, the court refused a request for reargument before a panel of nine judges. Paula Reed Ward: pward@post-gazette.com, 412-263-2620 or on Twitter @PaulaReedWard. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals 14 events and festivals coming up this fall in and around Fayetteville By Dustin Bartholomew ·   September 15, 2016  Local singer Barrett Baber performs during Bikes, Blues & BBQ 2015. Fall is here, the students are back in town, Razorback football is in full swing, and that always means one of the busiest times of the year in Fayetteville. The weather is typically perfect, with warm days and cool mornings and evenings that, combined with the energy that having 27,000 students back in town creates, makes for basically the ideal time to host an event or festival in Fayetteville. As a result, that’s exactly what everyone does. There are several events coming up, some of which that are brand new to town, and others who’ve become a regular part of the fall season in Fayetteville. Here’s a rundown of some of the bigger ones that we know of so that you can get them on your calendar. Dickson Street Oktoberfest Date: Sunday, Sept. 18 Location: Walton Arts Center Parking Lot, Dickson Street Description: Dickson Street Oktoberfest is an all-ages festival featuring live music, local and regional craft beer, local food vendors, kid-friendly activities, and more benefitting the efforts of the Arkansas Brewers Guild. Admission to the event is $5 (or free for folks 17 and under), and local craft brews are available for $5 each. For more information, check out our story about the event. Bikes, Blues & BBQ Date: Sept. 21-24, 2016 Location: Various locations around Fayetteville, NWA Description: One of the largest bike rallies in the country, Bikes, Blues & BBQ roars into Fayetteville and the surrounding area every year in late September. The four-day event includes dozens of local and regional blues acts, a barbecue competition featuring some of the best pit-masters in the country, a huge bike parade, a battle-of-the-bikes competition, beer gardens, a Miss Bikes, Blues & BBQ pageant, and tons more. For more information, visit bikesbluesandbbq.org. Banded Suffering Date: Oct. 1 Location: Starts at Pediatric Dental Associates Description: Local bike shops and organizations have organized a series of group bike rides called Banded Suffering on Saturday, Oct. 1. There are courses for all skill levels ranging from six mile rides to a “double metric” 206 kilometer ride. Proceeds from the event benefit the Juvenile Diabetes Research Fund. For more info, visit bandedsuffering.com. Brewtober Date: Oct. 1 Location: St. Raphael Catholic Church, 1386 S. West End St. in Springdale. Description: The third annual Brewtober festival is set for Saturday, Oct. 1 at St. Raphael Catholic Church, 1386 S. West End St. in Springdale. The event runs from 5-9:30 p.m. and will showcase homemade chili, brats, and craft beer made by local homebrewers. Festivities include all-you-can-sample tastings of over 50 chilis and 20 craft beers, live music, bratwursts, a silent auction and a people’s choice award for the crowd’s favorite chili and homebrew. Tickets are $30 (or $25 in advance at the church office) and can be purchased online at straphaelcc.org or at the door. For more info, check out our full story. AMP Fest Date: Sunday, Oct. 2 Location: Walmart AMP Description: The folks at Walton Arts Center are organizing the first ever AMP Fest, a live music, craft beer, and technology festival, at the Walmart Amp on Oct. 2. The music lineup for the inaugural festival includes Mix Master Mike (of the Beastie Boys), Arkansauce, Mountain Sprout and Goose. Local brewers include Fossil Cove, Bike Rack, Lost 40, Core, and others. Tickets are $40, on sale now at arkansasmusicpavilion.com. Downtown Runaround Date: Saturday, Oct. 8 Location: Downtown Springdale Description: The first ever Downtown Runaround is set for Saturday, Oct. 8 in downtown Springdale. The event, benefiting local nonprofits The Jones Center and Camp War Eagle, will include a 5k, 10k, and a fun run race showcasing areas of the downtown area including Springdale’s Shiloh Square, the Razorback Greenway, and other parts of the downtown area. After the race, an after party featuring family-friendly activities including food, games, inflatables, and live music is planned along Emma Street. Registration is $25 for the 5k, $35 for the 10k, and $10 for the fun run through Sept. 24, and will go up by $5 for each entry after that. Each runner will receive a race t-shirt and swag bag. Read our story for more. Hero Half Marathon Date: Sunday, Oct. 9 Location: Lake Fayetteville Description: The Hero Half Marathon is a chip-timed, point-to-point race originating at Lake Fayetteville on Fayetteville’s north side. The race finishes at Fire Station One in downtown Fayetteville where participants will be greeted with a festival-like atmosphere that includes music, food trucks, a beer garden, local vendors, sponsor booths, and kids activities. The race coincides with Fire Safety Awareness week, and includes a 9/11 Memorial to commemorate the sacrifices made then and now by firefighters, law enforcement, and first responders. Each year, several firefighters run the race in their full fire suits. Proceeds support several local organizations that organizers say meet important community needs. Visit their website for more information. Hillberry Festival Date: Oct. 13-16 Location: The Farm (1 Blue Heron Lane, Eureka Springs) Description: With Yonder Mountain String Band Harvest Music Festival out of commission and Wakarusa on hiatus, several music festivals have sprung up (or stepped up) in recent years to try and fill the gaps left by those large events. One of those festivals is Hillberry, a relatively new event in its third year out in Eureka Springs. This year’s lineup is pretty impressive, with Railroad Earth, Greensky Bluegress, The Travelin’ McCourys, The New Mastersounds, and Elephant Revival among the headliners of the event. Tickets range from $55 for a one-day pass, to $160 for the full weekend. For more info, visit hillberryfestival.com. True Lit Festival Date: Oct. 17-27 Location: Fayetteville Public Library Description: True Lit: Fayetteville’s Literary Festival will be held Monday, October 17, through Thursday October 27 this fall. The literary festival, in its third year this year, will offer a variety of events including author talks, writing workshops, and more. True Lit is organized by the Fayetteville Public Library, Fayetteville Public Schools, Fayetteville Education Foundation, Fayetteville Montessori School, and the University of Arkansas Program in Creative Writing and Translation. Authors this year include Louis Sachar, Claudia Rankine, William Bernhardt, and several more. For more info, visit truelitfest.com. Choctoberfest Date: Oct. 22 Location: Hello Cocoa (4170 W Martin Luther King Jr Blvd.) Description: The Jackson L. Graves Foundation will host their first ever “Choctoberfest” event at Hello Cocoa in West Fayetteville this fall. The event will include live music, local craft beer from Apple Blossom Brewing Co. and New Province Brewing Co., kombucha from Great Ferments and JR’s Kombutcha, food from Ozark Natural Foods, and of course, plenty of chocolate to sample from Hello Cocoa. The fun begins at 3 p.m. and runs until 8 p.m. Tickets are $35 in advance, and $45 at the door, and all of the proceeds benefit the Jackson L. Graves foundation. For more info, check out our full story about the event. Wines & Vines Date: Oct. 22 Location: Botanical Garden of the OZarks Description: Wines & Vines in the Garden is a second year event organized by the folks behind Fayetteville Foam Fest. The wine tasting event, which got its start in the spring, has moved to the fall this year. Organizers plan to offer in the neighborhood of 60 affordable wines, local mobile vendors, and live music. For a bit more information, check out the Facebook page for the event. Death Fest Date: Oct. 27-Nov. 1 Location: Fayetteville Senior Wellness and Activity Center Description: Sponsored by the Natural State Burial Association, the first ever Death Fest will include a variety of workshops, speakers, performances, and conversations “exploring society’s evolving laws, arts, and philosophies of Death.” Originally founded as an organization to promote ecologically friendly green burial, Natural State Burial Association’s role has grown to encompass a wide range of issues related to how Arkansans deal with death and dying. The entire schedule for Death Fest can be found at deathfest.info. Fayetteville Half Marathon Date: Oct. 29 Location: John McDonald Outdoor Track Stadium Description: The Fayetteville Half Marathon is a race intended to visit some of Fayetteville’s most unique landmarks. The event features a vendor retail expo at The Chancellor Hotel just off the downtown square, along with a half-distance marathon, 5K, and a 1 mile fun run/walk. The race begins and ends at John McDonald Track Stadium on the UA Campus. For more information, visit fayettevillehalfmarathon.com. Harvest Moon Classic Date: Nov. 5-6, 2016 Location: Lewis Soccer Field Complex Description: The Fayetteville Disc Association will host their 26th annual Harvest Moon Classic Ultimate tourney this year. The event features teams from all over the country in open, collegiate, and women’s categories. Spectators are welcome. More information about the event is at fayettevilledisc.org. This article is sponsored by First Security Bank. For more great stories of Arkansas food, travel, sports, music and more, visit onlyinark.com.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Daily News Updates Sign up for a simple once-a-day email with headlines and excerpts to all of the previous day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click here to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Archives Legal Contact Us © 2007-2016 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy

Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Twin sister, 'soulmate' in Albany court for Hawaii death case Group marks President Chester Arthur's death Friday A.M. Roundup: A new day dawns for SUNY Poly development arms Amazon: $79 for one-year Prime membership, today only News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Fraction of addicts receive treatment Easy retirement? Possible only for a privileged few Trump meeting with Japan's prime minister Photos: "Subway Therapy" Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Carolina holds on this time Sabres continue to struggle offensively Knicks defense fails in defeat Noteworthy: Sports news in briefs Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories GE using augmented reality to talk to machines ESD gains more oversight of SUNY Poly entities GlobalFoundries travels to Oregon to fill Fab 8 jobs Post-election rate hike likely Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 22 things to do this weekend Picks of the week New on DVD: 'Finding Dory' new on DVD this week Who's coming here soon Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Tanglewood announces 2017 season Today's Birthdays Naughty or Nice Cookie Challenge: It's time to vote Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Thankful America’s orchestras are in trouble KGB on the FMR: Talking politics around the Thanksgiving table Bayou owner Ralph Spillenger recovering from heart surgery TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Residences, marina planned for $60 million project on Hudson Albany politico, ex-con Jim Coyne insists he's innocent in new A destination on the rise at Phoenicians Palace Editorial: Reform or more posturing? Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Townhouse in North Greenbush Tobey Maguire shops his three-part project Realtors offer options to ease homebuyer concerns High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Amazon: $79 for one-year Prime membership, today only Holiday gift card promos and bonus offers for 2016 Mazzone Hospitality holiday gift card deal: Spend $100 and get Macy’s: Shop select Black Friday doorbuster deals NOW MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Exclusive-Suspect-fired-at-by-Albany-officer-9225259.php Suspect fired at by Albany officer drew national attention when Wal-Mart fired him Police: detective fired shot as suspect's vehicle backed toward officer By Brendan J. Lyons and Emily Masters Updated 6:44 am, Friday, September 16, 2016 Image 1of/10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Thomas Smith, 52, of Albany, an ex-convict who was formerly homeless, was fired from his $9-an-hour job gathering shopping carts at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in East Greenbush after he redeemed $5.10 worth of empty cans and bottles discarded in the parking lot. (Paul Grondahl / Times Union) less Thomas Smith, 52, of Albany, an ex-convict who was formerly homeless, was fired from his $9-an-hour job gathering shopping carts at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in East Greenbush after he redeemed $5.10 worth of ... more Image 2 of 10 Buy photo Albany Police are investigating a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) Albany Police are investigating a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 3 of 10 Thomas Smith. Thomas Smith. Image 4 of 10 Albany Police Officer Robert Lawyer. (Photo from Facebook) Albany Police Officer Robert Lawyer. (Photo from Facebook) Image 5 of 10 Buy photo A marking device sticks out of the alleged assailants car after the window was shot out in a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) less A marking device sticks out of the alleged assailants car after the window was shot out in a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times ... more Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 6 of 10 Buy photo Fired Wal-Mart employee, Thomas Smith, left, listens as Alice Green, right, director of the Center for Law & Justice, talks about Smith being firing from his job at a press conference at the Center for Law & Justice on Tuesday, Nov. 24, 2015, in Albany, N.Y. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) less Fired Wal-Mart employee, Thomas Smith, left, listens as Alice Green, right, director of the Center for Law & Justice, talks about Smith being firing from his job at a press conference at the Center for Law & ... more Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI Buy this photo Image 7 of 10 Buy photo Fired Wal-Mart employee, Thomas Smith, foreground third from left, joins with Alice Green, foreground fourth from left, director of the Center for Law & Justice and representatives from community, faith, labor groups and elected officials as they hold a press conference at the Center for Law & Justice on Tuesday, Nov. 24, 2015, in Albany, N.Y. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) less Fired Wal-Mart employee, Thomas Smith, foreground third from left, joins with Alice Green, foreground fourth from left, director of the Center for Law & Justice and representatives from community, faith, labor ... more Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI Buy this photo Image 8 of 10 Buy photo Albany Police are investigating a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) Albany Police are investigating a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 9 of 10 Buy photo Albany Police are investigating a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) Albany Police are investigating a police involved shooting in front of 200 Green Street Wednesday Sept. 14, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 10 of 10 Suspect fired at by Albany officer drew national attention when Wal-Mart fired him 1 / 10 Back to Gallery Albany A bank robbery suspect who was fired at Wednesday by an Albany police officer drew national attention last year when Walmart fired him for redeeming $2 worth of cans and bottles left behind in a shopping cart at the company's East Greenbush store. The suspect, Thomas Smith, 53, is on parole for a 2002 robbery of a KeyBank branch in Latham. He was paroled after serving more than 13 years of a 15-year sentence. Detective Robert Lawyer fired a round into the window of Smith's vehicle on Wednesday in a neighborhood near the Port of Albany. Police Chief Brendan Cox said the detective reported the suspect's car was backing toward him when he opened fire. No one was injured. Police leaders declined to release many details about what unfolded Wednesday in the city's South End or to confirm the name of the detective and the suspect. Smith is being held in police custody on a parole violation. He has not been charged with the bank robberies, law enforcement officials said. The shooting rattled the neighborhood along Green Street, and the incident took place a short distance from an elementary school and a large apartment building. In November, after the Times Union published a story about Smith's termination from the Walmart, there was a national backlash against the retailer. Smith told the newspaper he liked his job gathering shopping carts from the vast parking lot of the Walmart Supercenter in East Greenbush, where customers often left trash and empty drink containers. Smith picked up the garbage for more than two months until Nov. 6, when he was fired for redeeming the empty cans and bottles he found discarded on two occasions. He was called into the security office and questioned by a manager and two security staff members. "I didn't know you couldn't take empties left behind. They were garbage," Smith said. "I didn't even get a chance to explain myself. They told me to turn in my badge." Smith's criminal history also includes a 1989 conviction for drug possession. He served nine years in prison. Lawyer, who served in the Army for seven years, was credited by the department last year with helping save a shooting victim's life in West Hill. He and Officer Amy Forgea, who had experience as an emergency medical technician, applied a tourniquet to the leg of a 20-year-old man who was shot in the leg last year and fell unconscious with no pulse. The officers administered CPR to the man, who regained consciousness and survived. In January, city officials approved a $70,000 payment to settle a federal lawsuit filed by a man who accused Lawyer of excessive force, false arrest, malicious prosecution and racial discrimination related to a 2011 arrest. The city did not dispute that the officer hit the man, Myles Hernandez, three times with a closed fist as Lawyer and another officer investigated what they said was a loud college party on Partridge Street. Hernandez claimed the punches were unprovoked, while the city contended Lawyer — who was alone after his partner had gone upstairs to investigate further — felt threatened and was using approved tactics to create distance between Hernandez and himself. blyons@timesunion.com • 518-454-5547 • @brendan_lyonstu   Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off +... Dick's Sporting GoodsPosted 1 day ago SHOP NOW iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping GearBestPosted 23 hr 3 min ago SHOP NOW This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping That Daily DealPosted 2 hr 29 min ago SHOP NOW ProScan 32" 720p LED LCD HDTV for $98 + free shipping WalmartPosted 7 hr 13 min ago News Videos Most Popular 1 Restaurant chains that didn't work out for the Albany area 2 Colonie man fires, hides shotgun in yard on Election Day 3 Four men charged with sex-related felonies in Colonie 4 Albany homicide victim's hard road of mental illness 5 Man breaks Stewart's window after being asked to leave 6 AG hits back at reports Trump could scuttle anti-fraud ‘Blue... 7 Inside the Washington D.C. home the Obamas will live in after... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Broward County September 15, 2016 1:33 PM Police identify robber shot by would-be victim in fatal Walmart encounter By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Sunrise police released the name of the two people involved in Wednesday’s overnight fatal shooting in a Walmart parking lot. The alleged attempted armed robber was 28-year-old Terrence G. Pearson. Pearson tried to rob Ervin L. Jones as the latter left Walmart following his shift. Pearson’s robbery attempt and life ended, police say, when Jones pulled out his own gun and fired. Police said no charges will be filed against Jones at this time, but the case is being turned over to the State Attorney’s office.   David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Broward County Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:44 Booker T. Washington routs Miami Edison Pause 1:43 Treatment center offers relief from lice 1:42 Man yells 'Trump' at Starbucks employee in Miami area 1:02 Christmas Comes Early to Guantánamo 4:00 Whiteside 'long live teams' who try and challenge me 1:38 Proud Marine, age 98, hopes to be here for next election 2:06 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins late victory over the Jets 1:29 Carl Edwards talks NASCAR, Subway sandwiches 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise 2:15 Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach 0:22 5 days ago Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach 0:21 5 days ago Anti-Donald Trump protesters chant 'Not my president' 2:05 16 days ago Hillary Clinton criticizes Donald Trump at Fort Lauderdale rally View more video Broward County Man who police say robs Farm Store for a six-pack and cigars charged with armed robbery Fight between friends turns not so friendly when one shoots the other Where did their dog go? Car stolen with beloved family pet inside College student goes missing. He is later found dead inside a car in a canal. Man who yelled ‘Trump!’ in viral Starbucks video: ‘I had a bad day’ Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Moody’s: Walmart, Best Buy leading charge against Amazon Brick-and-mortar retailers such as Walmart and Best Buy are not only surviving online, but are thriving due to their sizable physical assets and digital investments.   Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 First Look: Nike SoHo is something to see — and experience Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Ballard Designs expanding with new store prototype Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Walmart Helps Sustain Food Pantries, Job Programs In Rural Communities Bruce Barlow, Market Manager for Northern Nevada Walmart stores, is shown here presenting Silver Stage Food Pantry director Kathy McIntosh with a donation that will benefit food pantries and employment programs in Dayton, Virginia City and Silver Springs. Quest Lakes photo By Quest Lakes Virginia City News There was a lot of laughter and many hugs at a luncheon in Silver Springs as Bruce Barlow of Walmart presented a check for $70,000 to benefit the Dayton and Silver Stage Food Pantries. Each summer, pantry volunteers, staff and participants host a lunchtime tour with key Walmart representatives to show their appreciation. Walmart�s donations over the last 5 years have helped sustain Healthy Communities Coalition�s food pantries and its unique food, health and community development �hubs� - interconnected regional efforts designed to support residents in revitalizing their own communities. Donation Supports Food Pantries and Employment Program: This year as in past years, Walmart donated a total of $70,000 to the �volunteer powered� food pantries in Dayton and Silver Springs, and to Community Chest in Virginia City. Each year, Community Chest�s Erik Schoen has written a proposal for the donation, and Walmart has responded with an annual donation of $35,000 to sustain Healthy Communities Coalition of Lyon and Storey�s pantries in Silver Springs and Dayton, plus $35,000 to support Community Chest�s employment program, which places employment experts at both of the food pantries and at Community Chest in Virginia City. The employment specialists help Pantry visitors locate job openings, develop resumes, and connect with job training opportunities, in addition to assisting with Medicaid, Disability and SNAP (food stamps) questions. Schoen welcomed the team from Walmart to the tour and luncheon, noting that �this is the 5th year in a row that Walmart has helped fund some of the wonderful work being done at Healthy Communities Coalition�s food pantries in Silver Springs and Dayton. I think Walmart�s sustained commitment is evidence of two things -- one, their commitment to the well being and livelihood of the program participants; and two, their understanding of the need to provide support over not just the short term but the long term.� Schoen went on to say, �On the face of it, Walmart�s donation helps bring food to people, but it is really so much more. The food is also an invitation to be in connection with a great community of others who care about where they live, an opportunity to be of service to each other.� Silver Stage Food Pantry Director Kathy McIntosh, along with Jackrabbit Junction Director Troyanne Cada and many enthusiastic volunteers, were obviously delighted with the chance to show the Walmart team the busy food pantry, the adjacent thriving community garden and hoop house, and the indoor farmers market called Jackrabbit Junction. Bruce Barlow, Market Manager for Northern Nevada Walmart stores, commented that the welcoming, family atmosphere that the volunteers and staff have created at the Silver Stage Pantry is deeply touching. Silver Stage manager Kathy McIntosh said that the food pantries set a high bar for treating each visitor with dignity and compassion, explaining that �the volunteers do so much. It�s not just about standing at a table handing out food. It�s about so much more. The volunteers are the most wonderful, caring people I�ve ever met.� Other Walmart team members in attendance included Amber Vaught, Fernley Walmart Store Manager; Rebecca Johnson, Fallon Walmart Store Manager; and Jason Schmidt, Market Asset Protection Manager. Christy McGill, director of Healthy Communities, said the pantries do everything possible to leverage and match Walmart�s donation. During the last year, with the Walmart donation, plus USDA Commodities, Food Bank of Northern Nevada, local fundraisers and donations, and more than 25,000 hours of work by hundreds of community volunteers, the pantries in Dayton and Silver Springs have reached 8,685 individuals with more than 578,977 pounds of food. Walmart also helps sustain the food backpack program for children attending schools in Dayton and Silver Springs, a program that supplies 4,068 weekend meals every month. Getting to the Roots of Hunger: McGill explained, �Walmart�s generous funding is crucial in meeting the �short term� needs for food so that we can work with the communities on long-term structural reforms that can stop food insecurity. These include re-empowering local citizens to grow their own food at home and in community gardens, further connecting people to opportunities for job training and continuing education, and continuing to increase access to affordable dental, vision, mental health and medical care so that people can get and stay healthy. It also includes removing barriers standing in the way of entrepreneurial dreams. For instance, Silver Springs residents came to Coalition meetings saying they wanted legislation that would allow them to create micro-businesses to sell their home-produced foods like breads, jams, pickles and salsa at area farmer�s markets, and so the Cottage Food Industries law and the �Pickles and Salsa� bills were introduced. With advocacy by everyday folks and many groups, both bills passed. The result is that hundreds of new micro-businesses have popped up, and many existing businesses throughout Nevada were able to expand.� Regional Food Hub: The food pantries in Silver Springs and Dayton are part of a regional �Healthy Food Hub� with Healthy Communities that addresses the roots of hunger and increases access to nutritious and affordable foods through food pantries, weekend food backpack programs for children, school salad bars with local produce, farmers markets that accept WIC and SNAP as payment, gardening and cooking education, community and school gardens and hoop houses throughout Lyon County, teen garden internships, a nonprofit garden center (Community Roots) that also serves as a vocational rehabilitation site for both adults and youths, etc. These strategies boost the local economy by increasing local farmers� access to new consumers and expanding opportunities for youth and adults to teach and learn new skills that increase food security.  submit your comments  Sitemap { Online Newspaper by bulletlink.com }
null
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Consumers Suing Welspun Over Egyptian Cotton Bedding Made With Inferior Materials Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Consumers Suing Welspun Over Egyptian Cotton Bedding Made With Inferior Materials September 15, 2016 11:01 am EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk bad bedding egyptian cotton lawsuits welspun Welspun USA class action lawsuits target mislabeled products bedding sheets linen walmart There’s more bad news for textile manufacturer Welpsun: after Target cut ties with the company, and Walmart pulled its sheets from shelves, U.S. consumers have filed two lawsuits claiming the textile manufacturer fraudulently labeled its bedding as premium Egyptian cotton when it was in fact made from lower quality fibers. Both lawsuits point to the fact that Welspun responded to Target’s decision by saying, “[w]ithout any ambiguity, the fault is on our side” as evidence of unlawful conduct. In the first lawsuit, [PDF] was filed on Aug. 29 in New York District Court by a plaintiff who says she purchased Fieldcrest bed linens by Welspun from Target that purported to consist of “100% Egyptian Cotton” and have a 500-thread count. She relied on the fact that they were labeled as such, and believed they were “higher quality, softer, more durable bed linens” as a result, the complaint states, so she was prepared to pay a premium for them. “‘Your comfort is our commitment’ claims Defendant Welspun India in corporate presentations,” the complaint states. “In fact, Defendants’ commitment is to their own profits rather than the consumer.” The lawsuit claims that Welspun committed a “widespread fraud” in which “consumers who have purchased Welspun bed linens have overpaid for an inferior product.” The second lawsuit was filed in Aug. 31 (and amended Sept. 2 [PDF]) in a St. Louis federal court. “By attempting to pass off the Indian cotton as Egyptian cotton, Defendant is able to entice consumers like Plaintiff and the class members to pay a premium for the Products or pay more for them than they otherwise would have had the truth be known,” the suit states. Both lawsuits claim minimum damages of $5 million each, and class-action certification, while also filing suit against subsidiary Welspun USA. September 15, 2016 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk bad bedding egyptian cotton lawsuits welspun Welspun USA class action lawsuits target mislabeled products bedding sheets linen walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related a welspun walmart lawsuit Walmart Sued For Selling Mislabeled Welspun Egyptian Cotton Sheets what's in a name? If You Bought Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Target, You Might Be Getting A Refund Taking a closer look Now Walmart’s Investigating The Sheet Manufacturer That Target Ditched not so welspun Bed Bath & Beyond Banishes Welspun Products From Stores not egyptian Walmart Pulls Welspun Not-Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Stores, Offers Refunds Previous PlayStation Vue Adding HBO & Cinemax For $15/Month… Each Next You Won’t Find The iPhone 7 Plus At Apple Stores Friday Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: You Won’t Find The iPhone 7 Plus At Apple Stores Friday Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  President-elect Donald Trump nearing settlement in Trump University case: Source × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Investors shouldn't get hung up on this Wal-Mart, Amazon comparison Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Thursday, 15 Sep 2016 | 9:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Susana Gonzalez | Bloomberg | Getty Images Workers move boxes in the warehouse at a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. location Amazon's North American business has a $55 billion lead over Wal-Mart online in the U.S. — and the world's largest retailer is unlikely to catch up, Moody's says. Yet even as Amazon continues to record double-digit product sales gains, investors shouldn't get hung up on the companies' comparative digital growth rates, analyst Charlie O'Shea said. That's because Wal-Mart has one crucial advantage over Amazon: physical stores. By leveraging its massive fleet, sales at Wal-Mart's U.S. locations only need to increase 4 percent to match a comparable period of 20 percent growth from Amazon North America, O'Shea said. In the latest quarter, Wal-Mart's U.S. sales increased 3.1 percent. "Let's keep this in context," O'Shea said. "The brick-and-mortar guys have two businesses." In the end, what matters are the actual dollar gains, O'Shea said. Though Wal-Mart's online sales growth has slowed in recent quarters, increasing roughly 12 percent in the second quarter, that still equates to nearly $2 billion in additional sales, according to Moody's estimates. As traditional retailers search for ways to compete against Amazon, Wal-Mart is one of the companies forging ahead of its bricks-and-mortar rivals, Moody's says. Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com should continue to propel its digital revenues. Moody's estimates Wal-Mart's domestic online sales were roughly $15 billion during the 12 months ended June. The firm expects that figure to grow to $35 billion in 2022. While that pales in comparison to the $212 billion expected from Amazon's North American product sales that year, Wal-Mart is expected to maintain its lead in overall revenues. Though the gap between the two companies will narrow, O'Shea predicts Wal-Mart's 2022 domestic sales will still be far ahead of Amazon, at $464.4 billion to $399 billion. "They're (Amazon) competing with people that have not only online businesses that are growing pretty rapidly, but also have these bricks-and-mortar businesses that aren't going to go away," he said. Amazon has responded by testing the waters with physical stores, including more than a dozen pop-up locations from California to New York. In addition to Wal-Mart, Moody's says Best Buy is gaining ground online. The company, once thought to be an inevitable victim of Amazon, grew its U.S. digital sales nearly 24 percent during the second quarter. Overall, Moody's projects online revenues will account for 20 percent of all retail sales in seven years. That compares with approximately 9 percent penetration today. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- WMT --- BBY --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart Canada to Extend Visa Ban to All 16 Manitoba Stores Doug Alexander dscrybe September 15, 2016 — 7:11 AM EDT Updated on September 15, 2016 — 9:41 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Threatens to expel card network from all 406 stores nationwide Visa says it’s committed to working with retailer in Canada Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will stop accepting Visa Inc. credit cards at all 16 of its stores in the Canadian province of Manitoba as of Oct. 24, extending a ban that began two months ago in Thunder Bay, Ontario. The retailer informed customers of the change on its Canadian website and in stores Thursday. Wal-Mart’s Canadian unit has threatened to expel Visa from all 406 of its stores nationwide unless the network agrees to lower the amount it charges for credit-card transactions. Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, stopped accepting Visa at its three Thunder Bay outlets on July 18. Walmart Canada, which pays more than C$100 million ($76 million) to accept credit cards annually, called the fees Visa charges “unacceptably high” in a June 11 statement on its website. “Walmart’s decision to further limit Visa acceptance in Manitoba is disappointing," Visa spokeswoman Carla Hindman said in an e-mailed statement. “We know from our experience in Thunder Bay that consumers want the option to use the payment method of their choice when shopping -- including at Walmart stores. Visa remains committed to actively working with Walmart so that Canadians can use their Visa cards wherever they wish to shop." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Markets Wal-Mart Stores Inc Visa Inc Canada Credit Cards Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

Visa no longer accepted at Walmart stores in Manitoba | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Deportation NAFTA Donald Trump Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Visa no longer accepted at Walmart stores in Manitoba A Walmart location in Winnipeg is shown in this file photo. Linda Nguyen, The Canadian Press Published Thursday, September 15, 2016 7:17AM EDT Last Updated Thursday, September 15, 2016 3:14PM EDT TORONTO -- Walmart Canada continued its battle with Visa over merchant fees Thursday, with an announcement that it will no longer accept the popular credit card at any of its Manitoba stores starting next month. The U.S.-based retail giant said the change will come into effect at all 16 locations in the province as of Oct. 24. Customers will still be able to pay for purchases with cash, debit, MasterCard and American Express cards. Walmart pledged in June that it would stop accepting Visa at its more than 400 Canadian stores, arguing that it unfairly pays more than $100 million annually in credit card fees. Three Thunder Bay, Ont., stores were the first locations to drop the credit card on July 18. Walmart spokesman Alex Roberton said it decided to continue the phase-out in Manitoba after seeing the small impact it made in Thunder Bay. "There has been no surprises. Reaction from customers has been better than expected," he said, noting that the Visa ban in Manitoba Walmarts will involve retraining cashiers and reprogramming payment equipment. Roberton said the retailer is singling out Visa because its fees are higher than its rivals, refuting the idea that the decision is due to attempts to promote the usage of Walmart's own branded MasterCard. "The reason why we're doing it is because the fees are too high," he said. "Visa is the company we're dealing with right now." When asked whether Walmart has plans to ban any other credit cards from its stores, he replied that he wasn't going to speculate on what the company will do in the future. Visa, the country's largest credit card firm, declined a request for an interview but said in a statement that Walmart's decision to drop Visa at more store locations was "disappointing." "We know from our experience in Thunder Bay that consumers want the option to use the payment method of their choice when shopping -- including at Walmart stores," said spokeswoman Carla Hindman in an email. Previously, Visa had said it had offered Walmart one of the lowest rates for any merchant in the country but the retailer wanted more. If it had given in, Walmart's merchant fees would have been lower than those charged to local grocery markets, pharmacies, convenience stores, charities and schools. According to consumer finance industry newsletter Nilson Report, Visa accounts for 56 per cent of credit card transactions globally in 2015, with MasterCard behind at 26 per cent. Credit card companies generally charge retailers between one per cent to 2.5 per cent of the cost of purchases in merchant fees. The fees can vary depending on the type of card a customer is using, with cash-back and points cards racking up the largest fees. The Retail Council of Canada, which represents businesses including Walmart, said Visa and MasterCard have lowered their merchant fees to an average of 1.5 per cent. Even so, it said that is not low enough compared to what the companies charge retailers in other countries. "Our opinion is that credit card fees are grossly inflated in Canada when compared to most of the rest of the world," said Retail Council spokesman Karl Littler. "Let's be clear -- 1.5 per cent is nowhere near low enough." Littler noted that credit cards companies charge merchants fees of 0.28 per cent in France, 0.3 per cent in the U.K. and 0.99 per cent in Israel. But in the U.S., he said rates are comparable to Canada. The council said it continues to call on Ottawa to intervene to mandate lower fees for all merchants. "There's an obligation for the government to step in and deal with those fees, whether through regulation or the necessary application of moral suasion," said Littler. "Our point is that they need to come down." The federal government says it is continuing to look into the matter. Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, November 17, 2016 Air Date: November 17, 2016 false Extended: Polar bear 'pets' dog in Manitoba Air Date: November 16, 2016 false CTV National News: Trump, Romney set to meet Air Date: November 17, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Annual inflation rate 1.5 per cent in October, in line with expectations India's currency reform has led to 'chaos,' analysts say Sponsored Five ways to start saving: It's easier than you think Why Trump triumphs over Canadian CEOs on Twitter Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico 'Increased water seepage' reported at Muskrat Falls site, water levels reduced Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Spartan Energy bets on Saskatchewan, buys Arc assets for $700M _ WATCH: Food prices fall for first time in almost 17 years _ WATCH: Pattie Lovett-Reid: Are you tipping away your financial future? _ WATCH: Sriracha fans are going crazy over this custom car from Lexus CTV News Video Network false The real problem of fake news: Was the election impacted? CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Canadian soldier found dead in military gym in Jordan 1 2 'Ultimate Canadian experience': Subway passengers help man late for job interview 1 3 Sister of apparent overdose victim begs people to avoid fentanyl 1 4 Nova Scotia won't provide health coverage for woman facing deportation 5 Missing B.C. mom Florence Leung found dead 1 6 12-year-old Toronto girl released after two 'traumatizing' nights in jail 5 7 Rick Santorum jeers PM Trudeau's NAFTA move 8 S. Korean man adopted and brought to U.S. has been deported, 37 years later 9 Man's body dissolved in Yellowstone hot spring accident: report 10 Teen elected to Ontario legislature; Liberals hold Ottawa-Vanier Don't Miss false Meet a beloved skate sharpener gliding into retirement false Visitors flock to see pheasant with Trump-like plumage false Extended: Polar bear 'pets' dog in Manitoba You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Sister of apparent overdose victim begs people to avoid fentanyl Que. prosecutors to address sex abuse allegations involving police officers Investigation into alleged sexual assault of girl, 7, leads to 9 arrests WORLD Trump offers national security adviser role to Michael Flynn Obama gathers key European leaders amid questions about Trump Arizona officer put on leave after punching woman in the face ENTERTAINMENT Priscilla Presley on life with Elvis: 'Truly lived in a bubble' Black Eyed Peas' Taboo reveals cancer battle Bob Dylan may deliver Nobel Lecture in Stockholm next year HEALTH How a Canadian device is making lung transplants easier Health experts, politicians to address national opioid epidemic at summit Hormone therapy could help improve bone health in menopausal women POLITICS NEW Rick Santorum jeers PM Trudeau's NAFTA move Teen elected to Ontario legislature; Liberals hold Ottawa-Vanier Defence experts, politicians gather for international security forum SCI-TECH Chinese astronauts return from month-long stay aboard space station Rocket carrying crew of 3 blasts off for Int'l Space Station Haute cuisine: Top French chefs' food bound for space station BUSINESS Annual inflation rate 1.5 per cent in October, in line with expectations India's currency reform has led to 'chaos,' analysts say Sponsored Five ways to start saving: It's easier than you think SPORTS NHL scores: Wild edge Bruins 1-0 NBA scores: Hardens hits triple-double as Rockets beat Trail Blazers Leafs spoil Reimer's return to Toronto, beat Panthers 6-1 AUTOS NEW Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs in effort to cut costs Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles for fuel leak, wiper problems Why Jaguar's latest car took 60 years to complete Lifestyle A hostel in Sarajevo offers guests a taste of life in war Iceland's Blue Lagoon tops millennial travel bucket list B.C. man seeks good home for a half-dozen yaks CTV News on the Go CTV News on the Go Blaze rips through heritage building in Montreal's Chinatown Polar bear caught on cam 'petting' tied up dog In Pictures   Hot rides at the Los Angeles Auto Show Remembering Qila: Beluga whale passes away Sunken tug lifted off sea floor in Bella Bella Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Mobile  |  Desktop Latest   Top   Categories   Login Bulgarian Economy Minister Lukarski Discusses Possible Partnership With Walmart Business | September 15, 2016, Thursday // 13:27| 4065 views BGNES The option for the delivery of Bulgarian goods to the stores of the largest commercial chain in the world – Walmart – was discussed by Bulgarian Minister of Economy Bozhidar Lukarski at a meeting with the Vice President for International Government Affairs of the company Paul Dyck at the headquarters of Walmart. The potential possibilities for including a partnership with Bulgaria in the future plans of the company were discussed at the meeting. The delivery of Bulgarian products to Walmart stores would lead to a significant increase in exports to the US, considering the fact that the company has 6,500 stores in the USA, reported the Ministry of Economy. Lukarski presented the advantages which Bulgaria offers in terms of logistical development of the base of the company here as a gateway to the markets of the EU, the Middle East and Africa. Tags: Lukarski, Walmart, Dyck Back   » Related Articles: RB Parties Re-Sign Agreement To Work Together, DSB Excluded     Bulgaria's Lukarski: Trump's Election Might Increase Interest in Bulgaria's Arms Industry     Bulgaria Ranks 1st in Europe, 3rd Worldwide in Direct Foreign Investments in Outsourcing     Two Firms to Invest BGN 5.5 M in Bulgaria’s Bozhurishte Industrial Zone     Bulgaria Proposes to Russia Joint Production of Ships, High-tech Items     Bulgaria Backtracks on Plan to Sell Arms Firms VMZ, Kintex in 2018-2019     Search Keyword: Search         Share: Bulgaria news Novinite.com (Sofia News Agency - www.sofianewsagency.com) is unique with being a real time news provider in English that informs its readers about the latest Bulgarian news. The editorial staff also publishes a daily online newspaper "Sofia Morning News." Novinite.com (Sofia News Agency - www.sofianewsagency.com) and Sofia Morning News publish the latest economic, political and cultural news that take place in Bulgaria. Foreign media analysis on Bulgaria and World News in Brief are also part of the web site and the online newspaper. News Bulgaria
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia     Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Femail Fashion Finder Food Femail Boards Beauty Gardening Deals Blogs Baby Blog My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all BREAKING NEWS: Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  'I love you folks': Unemployed father 'who shot and killed two Iowa cops' sent a gushing note to police department four days before the ambush attacks Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Fight brews over attorney general slot as Texas oilmen push for 'Lyin' Ted Cruz but immigration hard-liners want dark-horse Kansas official  Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the White House insists Congress must make the change Previous Next 'They're near the condoms': Hilarious texts between and a mother and her VERY embarrassed 13-year-old daughter as she tries to find tampons in a supermarket go viral  Isabella Miller, 13, from Cabot, Arkansas, texted her mother for help as she attempted to find a box of tampons in her local Walmart Turned into a hilarious exchange about how hygiene products are hidden Teen drew a 'map' of the store, with 'the vagina zone' cordoned off By Unity Blott For Mailonline Published: 05:18 EST, 15 September 2016 | Updated: 09:12 EST, 15 September 2016 e-mail 1.6k shares 260 View comments Buying feminine hygiene products can be baffling for a young girl - especially when they're tucked away on the bottom shelf. Luckily one 13-year-old managed to see the funny side as she attempted to locate the tampons in her local supermarket - and created a hilarious text exchange in the process. Isabella Miller, from Cabot, Arkansas, popped into her local Walmart while her mother Belinda Hankins waited in the car outside. 'You stay in there until you find them': Belinda Hankins shared the exchange online after her daughter Isabella popped into a local branch of Walmart to find some tampons When she insisted that there were no tampons to be found, her mother replied: 'Yes I promise they are. Look near condoms are sex lube.'  She told her daughter she 'swore on her life' the tampons would be near the diapers, adding: 'There is no way they don't carry those essential items. You stay there until you find them.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next From a banana served inside a bag of spaghetti to a tin of... Would YOU wash your sanitary pad and re-use it? New feminine... Share this article Share She urged her daughter to 'stay in there' until she found the tampons. Isabella eventually found the item in questions, writing: 'OH WAIT. They're here tucked away in a corner unlabelled.' Her mother replied sarcastically: 'No big sign reading "SUPER PERIOD CENTER?"'  Isabella eventually found the item in questions, writing: 'OH WAIT. They're here tucked away in a corner unlabelled.' Her mother replied: 'No big sign reading "SUPER PERIOD CENTER?"' 'They labelled the tiny shelf of joint braces,' Isabella wrote. 'But not the massive aisle of stuff for your vagina?' Belinda deadpanned: 'Because there is NEVER a sign for that section. Vaginas are SECRET.' Her daughter took the joke one step further, writing: 'VAGINAS ARE MYTHS, WHISPERED QUIETLY IN SECRET AMONG ONLY THE BRAVEST OF MEN, COURAGEOUS ENOUGH TO EVEN MENTION THE NAME.' She continued: 'BUT SERIOUSLY WHY ARE MEN SO AFRAID OF WOMEN AND VAGINAS?? DO THEY THINK IF THEY ACKNOWLEDGE THEIR EXISTENCE WE WILL SHOOT OUR LASER ESTROGEN BEAMS OUT OF OUR EYES AT THEM AND DISINTEGRATE THEM WITH EASE.' DO NOT ENTER: Isabella drew her mother a humorous 'map' of the supermarket layout on her phone, with 'the vagina zone' cordoned off and 'danger: do not enter' signs. After Belinda encouraged her to continue to 'smash the patriarchy', the teen even drew her out a humorous 'map' of the supermarket layout - with 'the vagina zone' cordoned off and 'danger: do not enter' signs. Since Belinda proudly posted the exchange on Facebook, it has been liked and shared by more than 100,000 people. She said that while she never expected it to go viral, she was pleased that most people appeared to find it as 'funny and innocent and hilarious' as she did. Belinda took to Facebook to share the exchange, calling it the 'highlight' of her parenting week Since Belinda posted the exchange on Facebook, it has been liked and shared by more than 100,000 people - with Beth Albert Couch writing: 'Omg I love her' However, some had been laying into her 'like a pack of wild dogs', openly criticising her parenting abilities. 'I can't even count the parenting mistakes I've been accused of,' she wrote.  'Or the excessive mansplaining about how easy it is to find feminine hygiene products or how you could always just ask someone or just BE PREPARED, etc. etc.  'Oh, men of the Internet, is there anything you don't know better than us, even about menstruation? Clearly not.' Read more: Update Your Browser | Facebook Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.6k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read 'This flaw is part of my life': Model highlights the huge port-wine stain birthmark on her face with GLITTER to show 'imperfections' are beautiful Tissue anyone? Members of the online SNEEZE FETISH community open up about their unusual obsession (and there's a whole thread dedicated to Justin Bieber's cold) Feeling a little worse for wear? Make up company launches HANGOVER SPRAY that promises to 'revive' your face with coconut water the morning after a big night 'She blurted out "I f***** Lenny"': Heartbroken men reveal the shocking reasons why their girlfriends rejected their marriage proposals Woman expecting twins gives birth to ONE prematurely... and is still pregnant with the other FOUR WEEKS later 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from wedding desserts company after she failed to answer their calls 'She's a miracle': Woman, 40, who had her tubes tied for 12 YEARS welcomes a baby girl after having the procedure reversed MORE HEADLINES What happened to the campaign trail's cuddly Granny Clinton? Hillary drops the glam hair and make-up following her crushing election defeat  Did YOU make love on your wedding night? People reveal the bizarre reasons they failed to have sex on their first night of marriage (including trips to a strip club and dogs who threw up)  No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a furry teddy bear 'She blurted out "I f***** Lenny"': Heartbroken men reveal the shocking reasons why their girlfriends rejected their marriage proposals 'I caught her sending sexy selfies in her wedding lingerie to an ex-fling...' Bridesmaids reveal the shocking and cringe-worthy moments they realized their friend's marriage wouldn't last  ‘He asked me if I’d cheated’: Mother was forced to deny being unfaithful upon discovering she was pregnant - months AFTER her husband's vasectomy  From lunchbox 'violations' to hair in the plug hole and a dig at a cheating ex: Are these the most hilarious passive aggressive notes EVER? MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
LOCAL STORIES | GREEN | HEALTH | OPINIONS      CALENDAR | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS      CLASSIFIEDS Tweet Letters for September 15, 2016 This article was published on 09.15.16. Advertisement On the cover Re “Gone to Mexico” (Cover story, by Catherine Beeghly) and “Flip the border talk” (Letters, by Jo Ann Mondon) Sept. 8: Ms. Mondon asked a question about laws pertaining to Americans, and the editor says “See this week’s cover story.” What? To live and work in Mexico full-time, legally you need an FM3 (long-term visa). Not easy to get. Or leave every six months and re-enter on a tourist visa. May I see your FM3? Puerto Vallarta is probably one of the most Americanized (Canadianized, too) cities in Mexico. Yes, Starbucks, Walmart, Home Depot, Sam’s Club, McDonald’s, etc. They are all there. How much is your rent? Sure, street tacos are cheap, but the chance of typhoid fever and other sicknesses are there. Authentic Mexico? I think not. I have a friend who drove down to southern Mexico a year ago and came back early after being robbed twice on the highways. Over 160,000 Mexicans have been murdered in the last 15 years by their own people! I traveled all through Mexico in the 1990s and lived full-time for three years in 2002-04 in Tepic, Nayarit (capital, about 300,000 people, and very few expats) and Sayulita (a popular tourist town north of PV). My sons’ mother was Mexican (long story). It is a beautiful country, with beautiful people, but it’s another world. Paradise? William Strom Chico Editor’s note: Last week’s reference to the cover story was made with tongue planted firmly in cheek. For the record, Ms. Beeghly returns to the U.S. every six months. Down on the Democrats Re “Review history” (Letters, by Robert Woods, Sept. 1): The lipstick Bob Woods has applied to the Democratic Party and Clinton’s tenure as U.S. secretary of state can’t hide the neoliberalism (unfettered capitalism) they’ve embraced. Transglobal corporatism is their golden calf. Quantifiable profit is all that matters. Forget about old saws like “What does a man profit if he loses his soul.” And now, war-loving former Republican neoconservatives like Paul Wolfowitz are mingling their money sources with Democratic money sources to back Hillary Clinton. There will be no stopping transglobal trade pacts that supersede nations’ laws. Wars won’t stop until the U.S. is the only superpower in the world—as deemed in the neocons’ Project for the New American Century. Also, please Google wikileaks/clintonfoundation to learn of the pay-for-play schemes set up to receive money from hugely wealthy, undemocratic dictators of the world. The Saudis today are slaughtering Yemeni with weapons the State Department didn’t sell them until the Saudis gave a multimillion-dollar donation to the Clinton Foundation. The Democrats’ bowing to neoliberalism and neoconservatism is the exact opposite of honoring international law. I don’t like it. Linda Furr Chico Standing with Trump Re “Stand by your man” (Second & Flume, by Melissa Daugherty, Sept. 8): I take offense to Ms. Daugherty’s assumption that it “takes a special person to agree with [Donald] Trump’s xenophobic rhetoric, his racist and misogynistic screeds …” Really? Are you calling all Trump supporters hateful names? First, Trump has apologized for his inappropriate rhetoric. As Hillary has “apologized” for putting our national security at risk for her inappropriate use of a private email server! A much bigger “mistake,” and she was not indicted because we have a corrupt government, so yes, so far no laws broken. Second, Trump is not a politician, and had a lot to learn in a short time! Trump has been giving speeches and rallies weekly and biweekly about his policies, so if you listened to them, you might know what he envisions for America, but my favorite was the speech/rally in Phoenix where he introduced his “angel moms and dads”—parents who have heart-wrenching stories about how their children were killed by illegals! There are so many! So Trump’s first order of business is to keep Americans safe! Somehow that’s wrong? Ask Ray Tranchant, whose 16-year-old daughter Tessa was killed by illegal [drunken driver] Alfredo Ramos Really, name-calling? Paula Garcia Orland Trump’s policies are on his website. For the economy, Trump wants to “reduce the burdens on the American economy and create fair trade deals.” He wants tax reform, including no taxes on childcare expenses. Trump wants regulatory reform, trade reform, energy reform, to repeal and replace Obamacare (for which we are almost all paying more for our deductibles and insurance)! Trump wants to improve and grow our infrastructure! Most importantly, he wants safety, security and prosperity for Americans! Fences make good neighbors. A nation without borders is not a nation. Trump wants nationwide E-Verify and a mandatory return of all criminal illegals. More about it on his website! He went to Mexico and met with Mexican President Enrique Nieto, wearing a hat, “Make Mexico Great Again.” Trump recently revealed his education reform, which includes education for all children at the local level (state), and ending Common Core, and school choice for every American child living in poverty (1 in 5)! Parents choosing the school of their choice that’s best for their child and family! Trump’s policies are directly opposite of Hillary’s! What has Hillary done in the last 30 years? Jess Furtado Corning ‘Vote third party’ The two-party system has created a world that is horrific, to put it mildly. A place where untold millions of people have been killed in wars, thousands of species have been extinguished for the profit of a few and the environment is on a path to where mammals will not be able to survive on the surface (you are a mammal). Whether a Republican or Democratic candidate achieves federal or state office, they will continue to represent the insane-with-greed, loyal-to-no-country wealthy humans and their corporations; not you. Stop being motivated by fear. It is time to be brave. Vote third party this election and we will have an alternative next election. R. Sterling Ogden Chico Re “Swallow hard and support Clinton” (Guest comment, by Chris Verrill, Sept. 8): Like Bill, Hillary Clinton “represents too much of what is wrong with our political system … saying whatever it takes to get votes—that calculated pandering, the huge donors buying elections.” It is disgusting, but that’s politics as usual. Sanders “lost” because the DNC rigged the primary election with voter suppression, disenfranchisement and fraud throughout. What did Clinton do to make it right? She hired the person who was responsible to work on her campaign. That’s telling. In the past 24 years, Democrats have been POTUS for 16 and yet things have gotten progressively worse for 99 percent of Americans. With bailouts to the Wall Street crooks who collapsed the economy, escalation of the “war on terror”—a guise for U.S. imperialism to enrich U.S. corporations, environmental devastation from fracking, the transportation and use of oil products, the proliferation of GMOs/pesticides/herbicides, pushing dangerous “trade deals” like the TPP that make NAFTA seem mild in comparison, all of which Hillary Clinton supported. A vote for Clinton is a vote for politics as usual, unbridled corporate greed and increased corporate control of our lives. Swallow hard on that. Now is the right time to vote Green. Jill Stein 2016! Sherri Quammen Chico Earning their keep? Re “Cop talk” (Cover story, by Ken Smith, Sept. 1): The police officers [interviewed by CN&R] described their work as both “hard” and “soul-crushing,” and I am sure that it often is. Nurses, teachers and social workers, among others, might agree that this is true of their work, too. But police work is financially compensated far better than other public service jobs in Chico. According to 2015 data, of the 62 police officers listed, 25 had an annual salary $100,000-$135,000, 25 made $75,000-$100,000 and 13 made $50,000-$75,000. Generous retirement and health benefits add to these costs. This in a city where the median household (not individual) income is $43,000. Overtime in particular seems to add to individual police salaries. It may be true, as the officers say, that only police officers can understand police work. But it is also true that Chico residents and their elected representatives can best assess if police officers are meeting the community safety, behavior and service standards that are as high as the compensation we have agreed to pay them, year after year. Regrettably, there does not seem to be widely known and clear performance measures that would contribute to mutual understanding and cooperation between Chico’s police and the residents of Chico. It is not too late. Douglas Ferguson Chico More wordplay Re “Back and forth” (Letters, by Rick Vagts, Sept. 8): Joining myself and Feminista Quammen, Rick Vagts plopped down in the letter-writing sandbox and pulled a loudly quacking mechanical duck from his diaper. Top drawer Romper Room humor. All this toddling audacity inspired research: a slow reading of the missives de Vagts. I diligently searched for a coherent thread, or the odd dalliance with principle—all to no avail. I did notice a reference to Buddha and George Carlin, together in one paragraph; a promising glimmer of intelligent life. But alas, on closer examination, twas the sparkling eye of a deranged spider monkey, pounding on a typewriter, ad infinitum and with King Lear in potentia. In a hundred billion years, Buddha and Carlin shall meet again, no less eloquently without Vagts: “… yellow doorknob Buddha goat Voltaire hubcap Carlin Neptune albatross Cordelia gonorrhea Goneril …” I do appreciate sweaty old Vagts, jabbing his flaccid spear at my bubbles of sanctimonious greenhouse gas. I dearly hope he soldiers on. But, let it be said, that no heap of half-baked cynicism or spastic Rorschach word associations will obscure the crippling moral lethargy conspicuous in America—50 years into the Anthropocene. Patrick Newman Chico Stop the wasteful fliers I once again have received the Chico Enterprise-Record’s weekly flier. I have requested twice for them to stop leaving it in my driveway every week. I have notified the City Council to see if it is even legal. Why does this bother me? I don’t look at the ads. Many of my neighbors don’t either. What an enormous waste of resources. We are requested to ration water usage and recycle all that we can. How much water does it take to produce thousands of these fliers? The E-R hires people to drive around town and flip them out the windows of their cars. How much gas is being consumed by these cars? I’m breathing enough exhaust fumes already. I assume the advertisers are paying for the production and the delivery and the paper is making a profit. Is that profit worth the cost to the environment? I wonder what percentage of people take advantage of the ads and how many copies go directly to the trash. It’s probably not great for the landfill either. My complaints went to the City Council four weeks ago. I hope they take up the matter of the legality and the wastefulness of it. What if every business decided to drop a flier at every house? Chuck Samuels Chico Not an Aussie Re “Hunt for the Wilderpeople” (Film shorts, by Juan-Carlos Selznick, Sept. 8): Ultra-patriotic Kiwi actor Sam Neill would probably feel amused to be called an Australian by your film reviewer, Juan-Carlos Selznick, given his fine sense of humor. But J-C was still about 2,000 miles off the mark. Otherwise, his was a fine short summation of Taika Waititi’s Hunt for the Wlderpeople, Paul Owen Orewa, New Zealand NASA’s boondoggle OSIRIS-REx has blasted off! NASA’s seven-year, $1 billion mission to gather real dust and debris from the asteroid Bennu has commenced. During October, in these orchards north of town, there’s an alarming shortage of both products. Now to convert the wealth from such rare commodities into providing for more inconsequential matters like comforting people rotting in the gutter, rising mental instability, rampant childhood disease, mounting addiction and abuse, crumbling infrastructure, corruption, preservation and even debt. Actually, we should have answered these desperate screams long before this senseless boondoggle was ever conceived—all to determine the origins of life. Long before this worthless contraption ever waddles back to Earth, many of us, beyond choice, will have already known whence we came. Kenneth B. Keith Chico Corrections In last week’s Streetalk (“What song inspires you?” Sept. 8), the wrong photo was published with Sherry Sommer’s response. Additionally, the photo of the Paradise Pow Wow that appeared in CN&R’s calendar (page 30) was incorrectly credited. Paula Schultz took the photo. We apologize for the errors. —ed. Tweet Contact us about this story RELATED LINKS: See all stories published in Letters See all stories published in Opinions Advertisement Reader Comments No comments yet. Be the first by posting your comment below. Sign in to submit a comment: e-mail: password: Don't have a login yet? Join now!, it's fast and free! Help! I forgot my password Post anonymous comment: If you wish to comment anonymously, provide your valid email address here and you’ll be allowed to do so. e-mail:    You will be sent an email confirmation with a link that you must follow to validate your email address before your comment will appear on the site. Submit Your Comment Comments posted may be subject to moderation. Be nice. Sounds easy enough, right? Feel free to disagree with News & Review, our staff or what the other users have to say—but keep it civil and relevant to the topic. Personal attacks or insults of any kind will be removed. Please see our terms of use for more details. Submit my comment as a letter to the editor. When submitting letters to the editor, we require the following information to be submitted for verification purposes: Full Name: Phone Number: City: logout SEARCH THE SITE TOOLBOX PRINT FRIENDLY   E-MAIL THIS STORY ADJUST FONT SIZE:  SMALLER  LARGER LINK TO THIS STORY ON YOUR SITE RSS FEEDS Chico Classifeds automotive 15,701 buy, sell, trade 127 community 177 jobs 2,236 musician 11 real estate for sale 44 real estate 425 rentals 149 services 2,536 Editorial Junk the portables: School district’s priority should be tearing down the old structures now that it has the money. Editorial Journalism and the Trump years: Reporters must redouble their efforts to seek transparency from the forthcoming administration. Guest Comment Then and now: The imminent despair and hopelessness after JFK’s death and Donald Trump’s election. Letters Letters for November 17, 2016: Second & Flume Righteous indignation: Channeling anger about the election and racism by turning a critical eye to the local daily. The Goods Fresh faces downtown: Rouse & Revolt, Urban Fresh Fuel and Sweet Chico Confections. 15 Minutes The independent touch: Ahmed Mamane opened KindCare Pharmacy and Medical Supply to offer an alternative to the big-box drugstore experience. MORE OPINIONS The namesake Questions surface over Zingg Recital Hall. Farewell to a friend Wes Shockley’s death sends ripples through military, wider community. Walmart wins Big box set to expand with nod from City Council. Kid-tested, kid-approved Chapman community celebrates the opening of new, community-funded playground at Chapman Elementary School. Focus on Poverty An aggregation of stories from CN&R on the subject of poverty in our region. Food Access Coverage of California's low rate of participation in the CalFresh (Food Stamps) program. LOCAL STORIES | OPINIONS | CALENDAR | SUBSCRIBE | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS | CLASSIFIEDS CHICO N&R | RENO N&R | SAC N&R |  PRIVACY STATEMENT | TERMS OF USE | CONTACT US | ADVERTISER SERVICES & INFO  COPYRIGHT ©2016 CHICO COMMUNITY PUBLISHING, INC.

Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business Ledger posted: 9/15/2016 1:00 AM Shrinking delivery times generate strong demand for urban warehousing facilities Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Shrinking delivery times is generating strong demand for urban warehousing facilities. Daily Herlad File photo   Amazon has been particularly aggressive in its development of last-mile fulfillment centers near major population centers. AP Photo File photo   Ryan Phillips   It didn't take long for Amazon Prime's same-day delivery service, available in just a handful of U.S. cities in 2014, to evolve from novelty to industry norm. Then, last year, Chicago became one of the pilot markets for Amazon Prime Now, through which everything from basic household items to TVs are delivered to customers' doorsteps in an hour or less. The shrinking delivery times, together with rising e-commerce sales, have e-tailers and brick-and-mortar giants alike scrambling to adapt their distribution channels, with many focusing on the final leg -- or so-called "last mile" -- of a product's journey from warehouse to consumer. Amazon has been particularly aggressive in its development of last-mile fulfillment centers near major population centers. In August, for the third time in as many months, the company announced another such facility in Chicago's suburbs -- this time, an 850,000-square-foot warehouse in Monee. The news followed earlier announcements in May and June about similar facilities in Joliet and Romeoville, respectively. Why so many distributions centers so suddenly? The shorter delivery times -- which are just getting shorter, as demonstrated by Amazon Prime Air, a drone delivery service currently in development that is targeting delivery in 30 minutes or less -- require more inventory to be on-hand locally. Not to mention, goods packed in separate boxes for shipments to customers take up much more space than those same goods stacked in pallets for bulk delivery to retailers. Census data backs up the new retail reality: e-commerce sales accounted for 8.1 percent of all retail sales in second-quarter 2016. The e-commerce sales total of $97.3 billion represented a 4.5 percent increase over the first quarter and a 15.8 percent jump over the same period last year. To compete in this arena, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is spending heavily. Its recent $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com, the largest purchase of a U.S. e-commerce startup, was intended to level the playing field. But catching up won't be easy. While Amazon Prime Air does not yet have an official launch date, the company already has introduced new services like Amazon Flex, through which independent contractors pick up and deliver goods in Uber-like fashion. In addition to developing massive suburban warehouses, Amazon is also pursuing urban infill opportunities, recently leasing warehouses on Goose Island and the South Side. Although most brick-and-mortar retailers aren't as advanced in their delivery channels, they do have a distinct advantage: an established network of physical storefronts -- many in highly accessible locations -- that can function as mini-fulfillment centers. In order to stay competitive, Wal-Mart and other retailers have started reconfiguring the footprint of their brick-and-mortar locations in order to facilitate faster at-home delivery and in-store pickup. In some cases, this is done by reducing showroom space to make room for more efficient warehouse storage or by using shelf inventory to fulfill orders placed online. It's a different approach compared with how online orders have historically been fulfilled by brick-and-mortar retailers. Rather than goods going directly from warehouse to consumer, they move from store to consumer -- a faster model for retail chains that already have locations near residential neighborhoods. Larger suburban warehouses are still needed, but rather than inventory going directly to customers, it is increasingly being used to restock store shelves. Brick-and-mortar retailers aren't the only ones taking a page from the competition. As they expand their e-commerce presence, Amazon is going the opposite direction to pursue brick-and-mortar opportunities. The company recently announced plans to open an offline bookstore on Southport Avenue in Chicago's densely populated Lakeview neighborhood, replicating a format first introduced in Seattle in fall 2015. As Chicago, one of the country's main distribution hubs, sees its real estate landscape evolve to meet the increasingly complex needs associated with last-mile delivery, cities throughout the world are watching, ready to apply the best practices that emerge. • Ryan Phillips serves as director in Transwestern's Agency Leasing: Industrial group in Chicago. He can be reached at ryan.phillips@transwestern.com. Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Commercial Real Estate Business Ledger Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the Trump effect on Calif. vote? Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro, police say Homelessness drops across nation, but California count rises Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State New A’s president Dave Kaval focused on stadium, community Jalen Richard’s ascent with Raiders a surprise even to him Cal’s Chad Hansen makes name on field, in end zone Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Business News Roundup, Nov. 18 Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/News-of-the-day-from-across-the-nation-Sept-17-9228248.php News of the day from across the nation, Sept. 17 Chronicle News Services Published 4:41 pm, Friday, September 16, 2016 1Officers indicted: A grand jury has indicted four former South Carolina police officers on charges of coercing women into sex while on duty and ignoring cases. The state Attorney General’s Office said former Horry County police detective Tony Large used threats to get several victims in cases he was investigating to commit sexual acts. Large is charged with misconduct in office and third-degree criminal sexual conduct. Prosecutors said Luke Green had a sexual relationship with an informant and sexual contact with a suspect during an arrest. Authorities said Darryl Williams and Todd Cox closed or made inactive cases without investigating them. 2Shooting settlement: The family of a black teen who was shot and killed by a white police officer last year says the city of Portsmouth, Va., has agreed to pay a $1 million settlement. Family spokesman Earl Lewis Jr. said Friday that the teen’s mother has agreed to the figure. William Chapman II, 18, was shot outside a Walmart by former Portsmouth police officer Stephen Rankin. Chapman was suspected of shoplifting when a struggle ensued. Rankin later lost his job. A jury convicted him last month of voluntary manslaughter an recommended a 2½-year prison sentence. 3String of arsons: A man was killed and about two dozen people were driven from their home in a string of fires set within blocks of each other in Chicago early Friday, officials said. At least seven separate fires were reported around 3 a.m., apparently set in alley trash cans that spread to garages and at least one home in the South Side neighborhood, according to officials. A man was found dead inside a garage. A few blocks away, about two dozen people were displaced from their home after a fire in a residential building. No injuries were reported. 4Childhood cancer: Brain cancer is now the deadliest childhood cancer in the U.S., ahead of leukemia, a result of improved leukemia treatment and a frustrating lack of progress on brain cancer. Government statisticians reported the change in rankings Friday, drawing from a review of 15 years of death certificates. “I think most people, when they think of childhood cancer, think of leukemia,” said Sally Curtin of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta. “This is kind of a changing of the guard.” Cancer is the fourth leading cause of death for children overall, accounting for about 1 in 10 childhood deaths in 2014. About a quarter these cancer deaths, or 534, were due to brain cancer. There were 445 leukemia deaths. Accidental injuries remained the leading cause of death for those under 19, followed by suicide and murder, according to the report. 5Fish theft: City leaders in Villa Rica, Ga., are casting a wide net, hoping to catch a group of fish thieves suspected of making off with up to eight koi fish that cost up to $3,000 each. Police say the fish vanished from a city-owned pond last month outside the Pine Mountain Gold Museum, which showcases the city’s role in Georgia’s gold mining history. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TRUMP'S TRANSITION TEAM Trump picks Sen. Sessions for AG, Rep. Pompeo for CIA chief Trump reportedly considering Romney for secretary of state Latest News Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro Grandma accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving Man suspected of having sex with underage girl Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating BS from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps 17 questions to ask yourself before taking a new job Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as U.S. says goodbye SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 3 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 4 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland 5 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 6 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 7 The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as America says goodbye to... 8 Grandmother accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving... 9 2020 presidential candidates, ranked by Vegas odds 10 Megyn Kelly shut down a Trump supporter who said Japanese... Latest News Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro Grandma accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving Man suspected of having sex with underage girl Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Business Directory Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Auto Homes Sales & Specials 53° Overcast Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Business Directory Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Auto Cars SUVs Vans Trucks RVs & Campers ATVs Boats Snowmobiles Advertise Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Weather Alert Wind Advisory Weather Alert IAZ008>010-018-019-029-MNZ079-086-087-094-095-181800-
/O.CON.KARX.WI.Y.0004.161118T1800Z-161119T0600Z/
MITCHELL-HOWARD-WINNESHIEK-FLOYD-CHICKASAW-FAYETTE-WABASHA-DODGE-
OLMSTED-MOWER-FILLMORE-
INCLUDING THE CITIES OF...OSAGE...CRESCO...DECORAH...
CHARLES CITY...NEW HAMPTON...OELWEIN...WABASHA...DODGE CENTER...
ROCHESTER...AUSTIN...PRESTON
308 AM CST FRI NOV 18 2016

...WIND ADVISORY REMAINS IN EFFECT FROM NOON TODAY TO MIDNIGHT
CST TONIGHT...

* TIMING...NOON THROUGH MIDNIGHT TODAY. THE STRONGEST WINDS ARE
  EXPECTED BETWEEN 3 PM AND MIDNIGHT.

* WINDS...SOUTHWEST WINDS 15 TO 30 MPH THROUGH EARLY AFTERNOON
  SHIFTING NORTHWEST AT 25 TO 35 MPH WITH GUSTS OF 40 TO 50 MPH.

* IMPACTS...DRIVERS OF LIGHT WEIGHT AND HIGH PROFILE VEHICLES MAY
  EXPERIENCE CONTROL PROBLEMS. LOOSE OBJECTS LIKE GARBAGE CANS AND
  LAWN FURNITURE ARE LIKELY TO BLOW AROUND. WEAKENED OR BROKEN
  BRANCHES ON TREES MAY COME DOWN AND SOME POWER OUTAGES ARE
  POSSIBLE.

PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...

A WIND ADVISORY MEANS THAT WINDS OF 30 TO 35 MPH WITH GUSTS TO
AROUND 45 MPH ARE EXPECTED. WINDS THIS STRONG CAN MAKE DRIVING
DIFFICULT...ESPECIALLY FOR HIGH PROFILE VEHICLES. USE EXTRA
CAUTION.

&&

$$

 Home News Crime & Courts 53° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Windy. Rain showers early becoming mixed with snow for the afternoon. Thunder possible. Morning high of 58F with temps falling sharply to near 35. S winds shifting to W at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight Windy with snow showers before midnight. Low near 25F. Winds NW at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of snow 50%. Winds could occasionally gust over 50 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:05 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Close submitted Levi Dahl, Freeborn County escapee editor's pick Warrant issued after inmate flees from Rochester hospital Heather J. Carlson, hcarlson@postbulletin.com Sep 16, 2016 (…) submitted Levi Dahl, Freeborn County escapee An inmate temporarily released from jail so he could undergo surgery on his leg disappeared from a Rochester hospital this morning before undergoing the procedure. An arrest warrant has been issued for Levi Troy Dahl. He was wearing a GPS bracelet at the time he took off. That bracelet was found this morning in a Rochester Walmart parking lot, according to Todd Earl, a chief deputy with the Freeborn County Sheriff's Office. "I guess he felt it was better to have his freedom than a fixed leg because I'm sure he is in a lot of pain," Earl said. Dahl was arrested in Freeborn County on Sept. 6 for criminal vehicular operation, fleeing a police officer and reckless driving, according to a news release from the Freeborn County Attorney's Office. He made his first court appearance on Sept 8 and bail was set at $75,000. On Thursday, the court approved a prosecutor's motion to temporarily release Dahl from the Freeborn County Adult Detention Center for "humanitarian reasons" so that he could have surgery on his leg. The court also approved the prosecutor's request that Dahl be placed under house arrest and required to wear a GPS bracelet. An arrest warrant has been issued for Dahl. Anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to contact the Freeborn County Sheriff's Office at 507-277-5200 extension 5. Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles More Headlines Video evidence isn't slam dunk in police shootings Officer charged in shooting that was streamed on Facebook Two charged with racketeering, drug sales Grand jury indicts suspect in July fatal shooting Multimedia Photos: John Marshall, Mayo girls hockey Photos: Century, Winona girls hockey Video: State Semifinals Pigskin Podcast Photos: RCTC, Dakota County men's basketball top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles ‘We easily could've been killed’ Winona man in critical condition after being shot in the head Report: Rochester man killed by falling tree One killed in Hayfield area crash Junior hockey: Ice Hawks make coaching change Death notices Answer Man: IBM says Trump was wrong about jobs Intersection where bicyclists hit to change Selling the farm not as easy as it sounds Death notices Collections Photos: 125 Live Center for Active Adults Photos: Lourdes, Jackson County Central football Class AAA state quarterfinal Week in Photos: 11-12-16 Photos: The Reading Center Bright Stars Event Editorial cartoons week of Nov. 14 Photos: Kenyon-Wanamingo in the Class AA State Volleyball Tournament Photos: Rochester Feed & Country Store's Paws with Santa Claus event Photos: Kasson-Mantorville in the Class AA State Volleyball Tournament Photos: Gasshuku at Eagle Bluff Photos: Caledonia in the Class A State Volleyball Tournament Today's Paper PostBulletin.com Email Newsletters Deals & Promotions Ticket Giveaway – Enter to see Church Basement Ladies FEATURED ADS Shop Speical at HyVee Featured Businesses Hy-Vee Barlow Plaza 1315 6th Street NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-8233 Currently Open Hy-Vee Wine & Spirits 1101 6th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-285-0848 Currently Open Post-Bulletin Company 18 1st Ave SE, Rochester, MN 55904 507-285-7676 Currently Open Events Coupons Hy-Vee Rochester North 500 37th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-289-1815 Currently Open Hy-Vee Rochester #4 4221 W Circle Dr NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-292-6000 Currently Open Hy-Vee Rochester #1 500 Crossroads Drive SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-289-7500 Currently Open Family Tree Landscape Nursery, Inc. Rochester 2580 75th St NE, Rochester, MN 55906 507-289-0557 Hawkeye Services Inc 1228 Gotland Ln NE, Rochester, MN 55906 507-281-3962 D and R Star Family Fun Center 2207 7th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-282-7682 318 Commons 318 1st Ave SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-533-5318 Carousel Floral & Gift Garden Center 1717 41st St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-7800 Olympik Village Apartments 402 31st Street NE, Rochester, MN 55906 507-285-0388 Quarry Ridge Apartments 1823 Quarry Ridge Pl NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-289-0228 Virgil's Auto Clinic & Towing 1101 2nd St SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-288-3600 Thompson's Garage Door and Openers 6101 Bandel Road NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-281-1349 Junk Recyclers 504 Strathmore Lane SE, Rochester, MN 55904 507-216-2365 Winchester Apartments 3908 19th Ave NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-6559 Quality Life Chiropractic & Massage 3249 19th St NW Ste 2, Rochester, MN 55901 507-206-6334 Sunset Trail Apartments 3639 41st St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-536-4000 Terry's Auto Body & Trailer Sales 413 East Main St., Riceville, IA 50466 641-985-2536 Bethel Lutheran Church (elca) 810 3rd Ave SE, Rochester, MN 55904 507-288-6430 Heritage Manor Apartments 2409 Highway 52 N, Rochester, MN 55901 507-288-1322 Woodridge Apartments 2804 2nd St SW, Rochester, MN 55902 507-252-0777 The Brittany's Townhomes & Apartments 3083 25th St NW, Rochester, MN 55901 507-280-8859 News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Blogs Weather RochesterMN AgriNews Services About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Slate Sign In Sign Up The Insane Mystery Hanging Over Donald Trump’s Tax Plan The Insane Mystery Hanging Over Donald Trump’s Tax Plan Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Moneybox A blog about business and economics. Sept. 16 2016 6:07 PM The Insane Mystery Hanging Over Donald Trump’s Tax Plan By Jordan Weissmann   What lurks in this man's mind? Alex Wong/Getty Images When presidential candidates unveil major public policy proposals, they typical have a pretty firm idea of what's going to be included in them. But Donald J. Trump is no ordinary presidential candidate. And more then 24 hours after announcing the latest iteration of his tax plan at a snazzy event in New York, it is unclear whether it will contain a trillion-dollar giveaway to wealthy businessmen and financiers—like him. Jordan Weissmann Jordan Weissmann is Slate’s senior business and economics correspondent. Isn't this election fun? Advertisement As recently as last month, the Republican nominee was touting a plan that would have allowed all businesses to pay a single max tax rate of 15 percent. What made this proposal especially startling, not to mention wildly expensive, was that it wouldn't have just applied to companies organized as C corporations—think Exxon, Apple, or Walmart—but also so-called pass-through entities, which include a whole alphabet soup of business types you might be familiar with, like LLCs, LLPs, and S-Corps. Pass-through entities don't pay the corporate rate, which currently tops out at 35 percent. Instead, their profits are distributed directly to their owners, who then pay taxes on them as normal income. A lot of truly small businesses are set up this way. But so are hedge funds, private equity firms, real estate developers, and major law firms, whose partners would often pay a top rate of 39.6 percent on their earnings. Trump was essentially offering to cut their top tax rate by more than half. Perhaps not coincidentally, the Trump Organization LLC is a pass-through entity. Get Slate in your inbox. It is hard to overstate what a truly terrible policy idea this is. You know how people complain about the carried interest rule that gives hedge fund and private equity guys a tax break? This is that on performance-enhancing drugs, a version that wouldn't just help Wall Streeters, but businessmen like Trump himself and the well-paid lawyers who help him minimize his tax bill. It's essentially a lite version of the disastrous tax cuts that have gutted the Kansas state budget. (There, the government completely eliminated taxes on pass-through income.) You will sometimes see “small business” lobbyists argue that giving corporations and pass-through entities the same tax rate will somehow “even the playing field” between them, but even that's complete bunk. The money corporations earn gets taxed twice—once, on the corporate level, and second, when it's distributed to shareholders as a dividend. With law firms and hedge funds or your local boutique, it's only getting taxed once. Anyway, when Trump announced his tax plan Thursday, it appeared he had experienced a momentary bout of sense and had nixed the 15 percent rate for pass-through businesses. Or so he told the conservative Tax Foundation, which he asked to estimate the cost of his plan. But then, as the New York Times' Binya Appelbaum reported Friday, his campaign “privately reassured” the National Federation of Independent Business that it was still on board with the cut. “We have it directly from his campaign,” a spokesman told the paper. HELAINE OLEN America’s Foreclosure Crisis Is Still Seriously Affecting Us Today HELAINE OLEN America’s Foreclosure Crisis Is Far From Over. So Why Don’t We Hear About It? HELAINE OLEN If You’re Faced With a Pile of Medical Bills, Ask Questions HELAINE OLEN Why Health Insurance Won’t Protect You From Medical Bankruptcy REBECCA ONION For-Profit Education Has Been Rotten From the Start. Trump U Is Just the Latest Example. DAVID HALPERIN Why For-Profit Colleges Are the Bottom Feeders of the College World View More Advertisement Since then, the Tax Foundation's analysts has been trying to pin the Trump campaign down on whether or not it supports the break. Last I talked to them, they still hadn't had any success. This is not a small amount of money we are talking about. Kyle Pomerleau, the Tax Foundation's director of federal projects, told me that the pass-through giveaway would be worth about $1.5 trillion over a decade. (Previous reports suggested it was worth about $1 trillion.) However, that's based on the tenuous assumption businesses won't reincorporate as pass-throughs to take advantage of the incredibly low rates, which is exactly what happened in Kansas. (A lot of high-earners might also just incorporate themselves to get the break.) "In a way the $1.5 trillion is the optimistic score,” Pomerleau said. Keep in mind, without the pass-through break, Trump's plan would supposedly cost $4.4 trillion—we're talking about a 35 percent difference. Top Comment All my life I have hear objections to taxes.  The first year I filed I paid no taxes.  Last year I paid $20K in taxes.  I was happier last year.  More... Join In That all said, it's almost not worth agonizing over the specifics of Trump's tax vision. In the end, Trump would likely sign whatever tax cut House Speaker Paul Ryan hands him. And currently, the GOP's ideologue-in-chief wants to cut the rate on pass-through entities to 25 percent. So a President Trump might have to settle on a slightly more modest version of his absolutely god-awful idea. Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
null
null
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Elections 2016 September 16, 2016 5:59 PM Trump’s strength in Florida shows in working-class Pasco County Dorothy Jay and Alan Jay of Holiday plan to vote for Donald Trump. Adam Smith Tampa Bay Times i By ADAM C. SMITH Tampa Bay Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story HOLIDAY, Fla. Donald Trump’s prospects for winning the White House will probably rise or fall among the strip malls and 1,000-square-foot ranch homes of southwest Pasco County. In this working-class suburb of Tampa Bay, finding people enthusiastically supporting Hillary Clinton is tough. Finding people enthusiastically supporting Trump is less difficult. Finding people fed up with the status quo is a piece of cake. “It’s not that I like Trump that much, it’s that I dislike Hillary so much. I don’t think [Barack] Obama did anything for us, and I see it continuing with Hillary. At least with Trump, there’s a chance for some change, and I’m all for change,” said 66-year-old retiree Ken Seekford, plunging into a bowl of soup at Jimmy’s Restaurant in downtown New Port Richey. A lifelong Democrat who moved to Pasco from Maryland two years ago, Seekford is so turned off by Clinton that he switched his registration to Republican after watching the Democratic National Convention. “Look at everything she was caught in,” he said. “With those emails, somebody asks her, ‘Did you wipe your hard drive?’ And she says, ‘What do you mean, with a rag?’ Come on, she’s smarter than that.” Trump can’t win the presidency without winning Florida, and many observers question how he can win Florida if he fails to do better among Florida’s one in three minority voters. That’s not expected to happen. So how is it that poll after poll shows Trump running neck-and-neck with Clinton, with a real shot at winning Florida’s 29 electoral votes? The answer lies behind the Advanced Auto Parts and Big Lots stores along U.S. 19, in 40-year-old subdivisions with names like Holiday Lakes Estates, Beacon Square and Regency Park. Those who divide Florida into political territories call this corner of Pasco County Florida House District 36. And unlike the vast majority of legislative districts across America, the roughly 100,000 voters here tend to be independent-minded and unpredictable. Thirty-five percent are registered Republicans, 34 percent Democrats and 31 percent belong to neither party. In 2008 and in 2012, Obama narrowly carried Florida House District 36, and narrowly won Florida. But a poll of likely voters taken in July by a Democratic polling firm found Trump with a double-digit lead over Clinton — 51 percent to 39 percent — in this district. Tailor-made for Trump Southwest Pasco County looks tailor-made for Trump: 90 percent white, nearly 90 percent without college degrees, median household income of about $34,000. Also, widespread anxiety over crime and a deteriorating quality of life. In the 1970s, this was a blue-collar retirement mecca that attracted Northeasterners who could buy a comfortable two-bedroom ranch with attached garage for $10,000. Many of these same homes sold for more than $140,000 during the peak of the housing bubble in 2006, only to see their values plummet to less than $50,000 today. The numbers help explain how Trump is defying the conventional political wisdom that Florida’s fast-changing demographics will make the state a steep climb for a Republican nominee so weak among minority voters. That conventional wisdom also may underestimate Clinton’s unpopularity based on conversations inside the VFW post, outside the Walmart and inside Jimmy’s Restaurant. “She should be in jail, and you or me would be if we did what she did with those emails,” said Dorothy Jay of Holiday over lunch at Jimmy’s with her husband. “At least Trump is not going to be taking payoffs from people wanting something.” “I don’t trust her, and we don’t need another four years of Obama,” said Alan Jay, who moved with his wife to the area from Long Island in 1994. “Trump’s problem is that he has diarrhea of the mouth. He speaks before he thinks, but what comes out of his mouth is honest.” Republican pollster Wes Anderson, who works for the Rebuilding America Now super PAC helping Trump, said Clinton has at least as much to do with Trump’s strength in Florida as Trump. “Everyone talks about Trump’s negatives, and we kind of miss the point that Hillary Clinton has just as strong negatives as he does — and in some ways hers are more telling,” Anderson said. “This is a change election, and she is anything but that. Whether she likes it or not, she wears the mantle of the political establishment. … That is actually what’s happening in Florida.” Even as Clinton dramatically outspends Trump on TV ads in Florida and builds a more robust voter-turnout operation, the candidates are virtually tied. The average of recent Florida polls compiled by RealClearPolitics.com on Friday had Trump with 45.1 percent support and Clinton with 44.4 percent. “The assumption is it’s because Trump is running up the score in the markets where Republicans have to run up the score when they win Florida,” Anderson said. “I think that’s only half of the story. There are lots of places where she is under-performing, and I do think it’s going to come down to Tampa and Orlando.” Candidates and political operatives in competitive legislative races in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties say they see Trump running much stronger than expected. Democratic state Rep. Amanda Murphy represents District 36 and keeps her distance from Clinton while knocking on doors or talking with residents, many of whom recently experienced severe flooding from Hurricane Hermine. She said she understands the sentiments of Trump backers she encounters. “People do want change, and I understand that,” said Murphy, who stresses to people that she is not a lifelong politician and is focused on Tallahassee, not Washington. The district used to be represented by Republican Mike Fasano, now Pasco’s tax collector, who said he hears plenty of anecdotal evidence about Trump’s strength. “I don’t know that they are as much in love with Donald Trump as they are disgusted with the whole process, and they have been disgusted by it for years,” Fasano said. “People are just tired of the old regimes in Washington, whether it be Republicans or Democrats, and whether it’s Mitch McConnell or John Boehner or Hillary Clinton. They’re just tired of it. They feel understandably like they’re not being told the truth, and they’re tired of being pushed aside.” Even if Trump wins this district comfortably, he could lose Florida. Charlie Crist, the populist Republican-turned Democratic candidate for governor, beat Rick Scott by 10 percentage points here in 2014 but still lost narrowly statewide. Four years ago, Mitt Romney lost this district to Obama by 2,404 votes, or nearly 4 percentage points. But this year’s super wealthy Republican nominee is connecting far better with the blue-collar voters of Pasco than 2012’s super wealthy nominee. Among the transplanted Northeasterners, Trump is more Queens than Wall Street. “Trump works with laborers and goes up and pats them on the back. Hillary doesn’t do that,” said Seekford. “Hillary doesn’t even want to touch a commoner. It might rub off on her.” At Jimmy’s with his wife, 84-year-old Democrat Joe Trumbauer talked about how tough it is caring for his wife with Alzheimer’s because he can’t afford help. He’s a loyal Democrat, a former Mack Truck auto worker from Allentown, Pennsylvania, but is intrigued by Trump. “We didn’t get a Social Security raise in the last two or three years — and that’s Democrats in the White House,” Trumbauer said. “I do in a way want to vote for Trump, but I’m afraid to because I don’t know what he’s going to do.” Even Clinton supporters in the area sounded sheepish about supporting her. Inside Randolph Ford VFW Post 7845 in Port Richey, where most of the boisterous men and women at the bar said they liked Trump, retired Air Force veteran John Rodgers, 80, said Clinton supporters like himself tend to be more low-key. “It’s because she’s been in politics for so long,’’ Rodgers said. “It’s hard to get excited about and trust someone who’s been in politics so long.” Contact Adam Smith at asmith@tampabay.com. Follow @AdamSmithTimes Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Elections 2016 Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:54 Voters Make the Call Pause 1:43 Treatment center offers relief from lice 1:42 Man yells 'Trump' at Starbucks employee in Miami area 3:44 Booker T. Washington routs Miami Edison 1:46 A tour of the Benny More museum in Lajas, Cuba 1:16 David Beckham announces plans to bring MLS team to Miami 4:00 Whiteside 'long live teams' who try and challenge me 1:01 Anti-Donald Trump protesters chant "not my president" 1:29 Carl Edwards talks NASCAR, Subway sandwiches 2:06 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins late victory over the Jets Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 days ago Election Day by the numbers 4:02 8 days ago Election Day by the numbers 2:57 8 days ago Trump, Obama meet for first time at White House 1:11 8 days ago Miami women's group protests Trump's election View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Americas (Monday - Friday) Our best source for news and opinion on Cuba and the Americas. Politics 2016 (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the 2016 elections and the latest national, state and local politics. Family Fare (Wednesdays) Have a family? Then this is your source for family friendly events, education news, health news and other important topics that parents need to know. View all newsletters Elections 2016 Recount favors Asencio in legislative race — but nothing’s settled yet Election season isn’t over in these Miami-Dade municipalities Bernie Sanders: Here’s what scares me most about a Trump presidency Medical marijuana looks like cash crop to Miami’s entrepreneurs Where's the coffee? Customer screams ‘Trump’ at Starbucks’ employee in viral video Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
null
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Lobby of Trump Tower in NYC RADAR: First Blizzard of the Season Live Look at the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Step Right Up: Swimming Pig Races from the Hocking County Fair More ABC News' MaryAlice Parks picks the winning pigs with kids at the Ohio Fair. 22:02 | 09/16/16 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Step Right Up: Swimming Pig Races from the Hocking County Fair Get at noon and ten in front of Hocking county fair we air in eastern Ohio and I have not been so excited. Barbaric practice as an added benefit plans accidentally opened that morning and the other night and I didn't. I'm me Aaron ratings or I'm. It rains yeah that's right at the weekend there aren't a lot and a lot of it may and that's exactly why disease. Each small dot LIL. We have to do mine collapse and are you there. Rank going to the fair. I'm landing at. We have been asking voters all of eight I learned a dramatic and it by the clock McCartney. It takes great weird look it is mountain. We can't wait I leaving here that Beckett paint all the kids have a political team. It that there aren't but it ends on Kelly and Donald Trump earlier we met one on pat. You know I have I gotten holiday thing I think is right with what is right like adding I'm glad he's okay and went in and accused. And here. Yeah what's your. Travesty live rank. Have you ever yeah they raised before. Important you know like yeah brilliant camera they're gonna help your unease and had. We're adding more like I'm trading don't sleep believing that let you didn't want and I should dateline and we shouldn't we have. Yeah study relied and I don't mean your pay yeah Davenport. Brutal heat star. Look at all of these. As a professional callers dry. Professional. They're personal power. All right so what treatment. Would. This is Leila everybody I'll pay you money. Here's all. You have to call. I. A go with it all right now what's your name and this is my dear everybody the order you. He's six years old doctor Harry hit certain. You know entry. What about forty years well. You know let's. How Iraq also let's hear you think I'll fight. Behind her L. Now what you're. I want it. This jokes. Okay you're all you. Keys to. Problems. Hair all right here's your here. OK. We got. During this yet. You. And we have a shot here but that's okay I. Got everybody to come up in a missile yeah. I don't. Gary I think he really needed show everyone Ricky again and I think that solved there's two correctly about this you'll want. Yeah. Yeah yeah screen is the outage you want to because we're out. And you hear your voice you hear birds here. Look at me. He wrong what do you write and especially of yeah. I'm so that the court found virtually straight Perrier rated out his. So my clients want to start this guy and well he's. You were. Yeah. You can't let them go to her because of what those easily do it. I'll tell you meet that you really care about cannot tell you what about I have he's also the owner of the company to be kept me all of this. Give me your pool with Eric the homeless. And hats around. Easy Kate whisperer I hope you're perceived as we Maliki. Why don't you just look at it you know former. We get to places which we call to drive races and two former cold up there with medical optic line. Their water you have as a way this works that you took about that were happening there and had you ever thought of exhibit there are. Now no I don't think I edit it and that looked. Actually it's her and look I don't know. I don't noted. That the parent he's the overall. Open up gates that you're about alcoholic my interest swisher. At first we. That person right here. I don't have to work harder to hear the Bosnia that she'll. Lose them. That is why we got this year's day there. Security is what they're not coolers well I think our. It will he. Held the keys. Don't. You know there's too much it happen. They're the chocolate and profit because we don't think he's presage others don't like that do not sleep so. Walk home mortgages have absolutely do. Everything we open up. Which by the way we get at Wal-Mart that's right two dollars and sixty orders Pittsburgh they don't play like that. We hope that got me and I actually this rifle through that her all of these because we don't want don't have Elizabeth on the show here. Yet how yeah. Before each race is healthy looking particulars are cheerleaders and yet I think you first body just in my earlier but. Here's a litter. Everywhere. A couple of pretty well colonel well what angers me it right only by officers those beauty. Oh. Herbal it will get. Me my. For just about anything I think people my golf carts their bicycles plate in his left I look at this you. You what oh yeah right. And if you're like figure out why you put it out on these so be careful that that they will. Leave the park they're a little. And hopefully I'll get pretty excited about this. Everything up early quality rips me great hope. These things. Will let you back you're also going to get a solid gold medal. Answer right behind the hole and don't let don't. Now. I can't with a paint us. Oh yeah for a year now you know what is the Wal-Mart get cookies we have this gentlemen it is quite locked up. He's told us the story behind him I want to Russian capital I don't McConnell from Vladimir. Aren't you. When you look really honest light company frequently. And hey hey I'm. You're outline that tell everybody where I'd. Share. Your took do you think your motor he got to scream I get out of here Helen Giles went well. Because she's a lot of that you ordered don't have occasion quite peaceful exit hottest battles are right now I eat. Yeah. Garrett with the blues. Yes yeah. Yeah welcome them. Get ready. There's already. We're. Guys who. Hello my dad's. Oh my dad. We won't want to pocket I think I want. I think yeah. Yeah yeah I think he's neck and right there yeah yeah us. Boxer is tracking a libraries he. Aren't they. Okay. Being. News. Now. I don't happen. Oh. Oh well yeah. It again it right now the only thing. The first flight out and we are now going as she anchor yeah. Dollar bottle yeah. Well that our. Yeah right Mary. A think you've got to hurt you yell at. We're here. You know what happened when I think Barack. Yeah isn't so you know so what's your point. This is they everybody. Yeah. Her black. It. It's always. Come up here guts not have to take a real right to an area. You're not court. Yeah I really right act and its allotment of another lane but added that you want. Here we like and then I got egg. Yeah. Analysts and that your money that I am pretty excellent actor Paul wins and their I don't nine black and whether it would it would not just as the payment and they went like. Oh my goodness I think ever gonna grow as we had a personal law. This is their first year that like a lot occidental. It would now. You want. It to him and ran hours. Yeah. I want to reintroduce vote. If he's yet I think it's skillfully. Uses real quick with it two weeks now we went out. Maybe three times with a two weeks and this right now pat I'll tell you what food. They go together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I. It's a break and. If. I guess there yeah. Yeah and you think you know. When in fact it cook. It all I want but it will. The one of the public. In this art and hey it's. Been. You know. No more Grace Slick roads and. Only solace elsewhere. On what you look at currently Eagan Minnesota. Okay half yeah. It wasn't trained in past. And you know I get anything else. I. Was oh my yeah yeah. You know little moon. OK yeah. Yeah you're outta there. Any other inmate Angela claim this time it. Might. And it's out. I don't mean yeah. Is that an added I don't want school. We're OK so what if any an analogy is there with the pay raise it and that final U grad McDonald's threatening. Look aunt and why. Act quickly ignite at this rate banks. Look at all the case that crowd lit up in name only of those. And her allies and and it didn't do that on how to get a glimpse. Either. And will look like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ricky Theodore. Are adamantly. And Julio Lugo called his birthday cards wouldn't. During. Here are Lucy she's five years old Nicky. He'd like some bubble bath she likes the face warmer. Policies two million cubic meters tall and countless put their cause honor sometimes twice its happen. Don't but she's super little. That you guys. Q how you can use you're here aren't all in itself. The through what we hope it. Sweet talk after the show. Agree you don't. We're and. And and yeah. Hello everybody all right. Yeah. I. They can't. Not three position is had a lot can't. This latest let's Cooper yeah. Well. I wish he'd go home this baby back. We okay. Yeah. I. And I actually. You money yet. Everything is not lining up a lot of anything. I would like yeah I'm out and what is it. That's. Yeah I don't ask Aaron. Back at Everett to get legend and it's been like you that they're pretty yet apple pretty athletic and I. And. Yeah. You're like yeah. Okay. Three. Yeah. You things OK I already. Written a brick mountain. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And math and many thanks. How are they know what the mission is and he's aware that shows me this item. Let's get on here. Yeah. Its parent. Well yeah. He Lowell look. And I looked like yeah greed is the one with got a sticker OK you can't. Yeah. Yeah. Avenue. No I am glad you're. Yeah. I ask that let him right now. They are. We. Don't adults are. Mr. Roberts there. And I'll. Artwork I I can't ever happened when they see it can happen in about. Air and on your position. And they know exactly what you're in the water. We're having here at an air and at and lack. At that time then everybody. You lie excited let me read. I know the wet what is that might act as a winner. And US flag. I'm lacking a day we have been saying look it's either going all around I had you out there just you know it's not order. Eating. Solid audience right there in the middle can't let it diet and coffee shop and apparently only element. I had a lot it's coming up we're gonna again and gotten there yet are fun carnival ride Arne. Meal a question and it's going to be I really hope that you can't look back and watch that made it real close election and why. If they think I'm out well I was doing exactly and that's that I let you know letting my day you're not the exit. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Orrville Mayor Thinks Ohio Is Leaning Toward Donald Trump Now Playing: Fox News Director of Booking Speaks Out Against Roger Ailes Now Playing: Maryland Woman Survives Rare Bear Attack Now Playing: Florida Teacher Welcomed Back From Battling Cancer With Student Serenade Now Playing: Missing Washington Couple and 2 Children Found Alive Now Playing: New Details on Suspects Charged in Stabbing Death of Connecticut Man Now Playing: Police Officer on Leave After Video Captures Him Punching Woman in the Face Now Playing: Trump Picks Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser Now Playing: Missing Congressman's Son Found Safe in Houston Now Playing: Missing Washington Couple and 2 Children Found Alive Now Playing: 2 NYC Bus Drivers Say Supervisor Sexually Harassed Them at Work Now Playing: Deadly Explosion in Illinois, Kills 1, Injures 11 Now Playing: Video Shows Police Officer Punching a Woman in Flagstaff, Arizona Now Playing: Terrified Driver Calls 911 in a Panic After Experiencing Road Rage Now Playing: Commuter Train Crashes Into Car Outside Boston Now Playing: Cincinnati Zoo Gorilla Enclosure Did Not Meet USDA Standards Now Playing: Suspect Charged in Death of Joseph Comunale Walked Out of Police Station Now Playing: Whale Makes Rare Appearance in Hudson River in NYC Now Playing: Video Captures Police Officer Punching Woman in the Face Now Playing: 2 Charged With Murder in NYC Stabbing Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":42149615,"title":"Step Right Up: Swimming Pig Races from the Hocking County Fair","duration":"22:02","description":"ABC News' MaryAlice Parks picks the winning pigs with kids at the Ohio Fair.","url":"/US/video/step-swimming-pig-races-hocking-county-fair-42149615","section":"US","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
null
Friday, November 18, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management September 16, 2016 Comments Email Print Greg Hinz on Politics SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Pollster Mike McKeon dies at 73 One of the state's best-known—and longest-lived—political pollsters has passed away. Mike McKeon, 73, died last night after a long illness during which he typically worked almost to the end. The last three or four times I spoke with him over the past year, he was in the hospital, but he still wanted to pitch a story or an issue in which he was involved. "He was a visionary for me," says political consultant Thom Serafin, who worked with and on the opposite side of McKeon in a variety of political races and for corporate clients such as Wal-Mart. "Everybody does the numbers," Serafin adds. "But he could see things through a different prism," correctly predicting the nomination of devotees of political extremist Lyndon LaRouche that scuttled Adlai Stevenson III's bid for governor three decades ago and, more recently, the nomination of Donald Trump for president. "He was the toughest guy in the room, and loyal to a fault. He's the kind of guy you'd want in the foxhole with you." McKeon's clients were numerous and bipartisan, and on both sides of the aisle. Included were Democratic gubernatorial candidate Paul Vallas and GOP gubernatorial nominee Bill Brady. He also, on occasion, did some work for Crain's and other publications. Survivors include two daughters, Meghan Marino and Zora Baron; two brothers, two sisters and four grandchildren. A memorial gathering and service has been scheduled for Sep. 23 at the Fred C. Dames Funeral Home at 3200 Black Road (at Essington Road) in Joliet. Government and Politics City Government Federal Government Greg Hinz on Politics Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Moody's zaps Rosemont debt Do selective enrollment CPS schools really help poor kids? Key Springfield vote coming on who gets to vote Emanuel's new budget sails through City Council Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  President-elect Donald Trump nearing settlement in Trump University case: Source × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market A surprising company has joined the start-up acquisition party Ari Levy | @levynews Friday, 16 Sep 2016 | 4:14 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES SeongJoon Cho | Bloomberg | Getty Images At a time when venture capitalists are scratching and clawing for cash returns, a surprising but welcome guest has come to the party: Unilever. Two months after acquiring Dollar Shave Club for about $1 billion, Unilever is reportedly in talks to buy Jessica Alba's Honest Co. for a similar amount. Like Dollar Shave, Honest is a popular consumer brand that's taken advantage of modern internet marketing and distribution tools to compete with industry giants. The Wall Street Journal, citing a person familiar with the matter, reported Thursday night that talks between Unilever and Honest are at an early stage and that Honest "hasn't ruled out going for an initial public offering instead." A Unilever spokesperson declined to comment, and a representative from Honest didn't respond to a request for comment. While not providing the level of gains that VCs generate from massive Facebook and Google acquisitions or from blockbuster IPOs, Unilever is at least offering some healthy liquidity to investors and proving venture-backed start-ups can succeed in penetrating markets outside of technology. The dealmaking is particularly good news for investors in consumer packaged goods, where big acquirers have yet to materialize. In retail, Wal-Mart recently shelled out $3.3 billion for Jet.com and Nordstrom previously purchased HauteLook and Trunk Club, but there's been virtually no activity in the market for packaged foods, beverages and household goods. show chapters <p>Dollar Shave Club&#039;s top investor on $1B deal</p> <p>Unilever bought the Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion. One of the shave club&#039;s largest investors David Pakman, Venrock venture capitalist, discusses the deal. </p> Dollar Shave Club's top investor on $1B deal    Wednesday, 20 Jul 2016 | 1:46 PM ET | 03:28 "Unilever is stepping up now and becoming potentially that innovative leader that looks at acquisitions of these new companies as a strategy for growing, modernizing the brand and taking products to new demographics," said Josh Goldman, a partner at Norwest Venture Partners and an investor in e-commerce companies including Casper, ModCloth and Gilt Groupe. "They've got a line of VCs lining up to talk to them now." Honest is based in Santa Monica, California, just a few miles from Dollar Shave. Alba, who starred in films including "Little Fockers" and "Fantastic Four," started the company in 2011, and has gained traction through online sales of diapers, organic baby formula, laundry detergent and dish soap. Headquartered more than 5,000 miles away in London, Unilever is the world's fourth-largest fast-moving consumer goods company, according to OC&C Strategy Consultants. The top three are Nestle, Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo. As Unilever expands its brand, don't expect it to be entirely friendly to start-ups and Silicon Valley. In 2014, the maker of Hellmann's mayonnaise sued start-up food company Hampton Creek, claiming that its Just Mayo product was engaging in false advertising because it wasn't real mayonnaise. Hellmann's later dropped the suit, but turned around earlier this year and introduced competitive eggless products. Of course, San Francisco-based Hampton Creek now has bigger problems, after Bloomberg reported last month that the company bought its own products from stores across the country. The U.S. Justice Department subsequently opened a criminal probe into whether the company committed fraud. Unilever shares Even if Unilever ends up buying Honest for $1 billion or something close to it, some investors will be disappointed. In August 2015, the company was valued at $1.7 billion in a funding round led by Glade Brook Capital Partners. In total, the company has raised more than $220 million. Still, any billion-dollar acquisition lifts optimism among venture capitalists. After all, Twilio is the only venture-backed U.S. tech company to go public in 2016, and the IPO market is headed for its worst year since the depths of the financial crisis. And for investors concerned that Amazon.com is becoming the one-stop shop for all retail and consumer goods, an aggressive Unilever represents some hope. "Many investors shy away from commerce companies," wrote David Pakman, a partner at venture firm Venrock, in a blog post after Dollar Shave — one of his investments — was acquired. "The multiples tend to be low, Amazon is ever-present, and lots of capital can be required to scale. To us, we didn't see DSC as an e-commerce company, but instead as a model for new full-stack consumer products companies." Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change ULVR --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Dr. Gridlock We have self-driving cars so why not self-driving shopping carts? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Lori Aratani September 16 Follow @loriara David Cheesewright, president and CEO of Wal-Mart International, speaks during a conference in June in Fayetteville, Ark. (David Gottschalk/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) On the heels of this week’s much heralded debut of Uber’s self-driving cars, we bring you this bit of intelligence: Walmart has filed a patent to develop a self-driving shopping cart. The report, via Quartz, is quick to point out that a patent doesn’t necessarily mean a company is working on a specific product, but the concept is intriguing. [Uber’s self-driving cars — be prepared to be thrilled and bored at the same time] The idea would to be to get shoppers more quickly to the products they want. Anyone who has ever walked into a Walmart — or any large store — for the first time, can attest to how daunting it can be to find exactly what you’re looking for. As Quartz reports: The application depicts a Roomba-esque motorized device attached to the underside of a shopping cart. Customers use their smartphone or other mobile device to summon the internet-connected device. From there, the cart is controlled by a centralized computer, and navigates the store using its sensors. The shopping cart will serve as a guide to different items the shopper is looking for throughout the store. [Here’s the patent for Walmart’s self-driving shopping cart] There’s even an illustration of what the device would look like. All this talk of automating carts raises another question in our mind: Given the problem of shopping cart theft, could a self-driving cart also be equipped with a self-parking mechanism? local dr-gridlock Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local dr-gridlock Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team. Follow @loriara Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Bear mauls woman in Maryland driveway in ‘rarest of rare’ attack 2 Police searching for congressman John Conyers’s son 3 In liberal D.C., the arrival of Donald Trump is triggering an identity crisis 4 He said he wouldn’t preach politics. Then Trump won, and he gave his sermon in tears. 5 ‘Do not say mean things’: Kids are writing to Donald Trump, asking him to be a kind president Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game local dr-gridlock Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs occupational therapist The Ivymount School legal administrative assistant - corporate practice group - tysons corner Legal E jr. patent secretary Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 62° F Clear Hi: 70° F Lo: 36° F Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Trump selects Sen. Jeff Sessions as US attorney general Updated: 5 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — President-elect Donald Trump has selected Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions as his pick for attorney general, signaling a sharp b… Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge Updated: 5 mins ago BOSTON (AP) — Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel have agreed to merge after months of speculation and increasing regulatory … Shelling of market in Yemen’s Taiz kills 21 Updated: 5 mins ago Buckingham Palace needs infrastructure work to keep it going Updated: 5 mins ago Poland’s former president to be reburied following autopsy Updated: 25 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 62° F Clear Feels Like: 62° F Wind: S 15 Humidity: 58% Dewpoint: 47° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 5:31 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 62° F Clear Hi: 70° F Lo: 36° F Police: Man found in Florida homeless camp after killing ex-girlfriend in Indianapolis WISH Staff Report Published: September 16, 2016, 3:51 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Provided Photo/Marion County (Florida) Jail) INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department say they have made an arrest connected to a homicide from June on the city’s southeast side. According to police, they arrested 41-year-old Joshua Farris in connection to the death of 38-year-old Jeannie Howard, found dead on theTroy Avenue bridge near Senour Road and Kitley Road around 12:45 a.m. on June 24. Investigators ruled her death a homicide on Sept. 2. An arrest warrant for Farris was issued six days later. Farris was found in a homeless camp behind a Walmart in Ocala, Florida by US Marshals and local law enforcement on Thursday. He is being held in Florida and is awaiting extradition back to Indiana. Court documents show that Farris had previously been accused of beating Howard. Court documents filed in April show Farris was charged with battery and intimidation after punching Howard and threatening his neighbor. Howard had a bump on her head, a swollen left eye, a large cut on her cheek and a swollen and cut lip when investigators spoke with her on April 25. She said Farris punched her in the face several times before she passed out. A neighbor looked out of his window and saw Farris and Howard outside in April. The neighbor said Farris threw Howard against the side of a trailer, said “If you ever come back, I’ll kill you,” then mentioned that he had a gun that he was not afraid to use on her or the neighbors. Investigators said Farris was belligerent when they went to interview him. When asked if he wanted to make a statement, Farris told investigators they “don’t have [expletive].” Police said Farris had Howard’s phone on him at the time of the arrest. Just two months later, Howard was found dead, partially naked on the side of the road. An autopsy revealed she died from multiple head injuries/blunt force trauma. Howard’s roommate said Farris and Howard were together at a barbeque on June 22. Detectives received a search warrant for a vehicle belonging to the mother of Farris. A bloody hand print was visible on the trunk lid. Blood was on the rear bumper and in the trunk. Farris’ neighbor said she saw Farris driving his mother’s car on June 23. A search warrant for a trailer belonging to Farris revealed blood on the ceiling, pillow cover and wall in the bedroom. Detectives flipped over a mattress and found a large blood stain. Some of the blood on the mattress was still wet. Another large blood stain was found inside of a trash can on the front porch. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Suspect in Indianapolis SWAT standoff charged with murder in Zionsville homicide “Today was a massive undertaking.” FBI reports 41 arrested after massive FBI raid in central Indiana Additional arrests made in homicide of local radio personality Additional arrests made in homicide of local radio personality Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Mugshot Gallery Click on the image to see our mugshot galleries! A new law enforcement tool YOU can use September 29, 2014 A new tool in the belt of Vigo County law enforcement that’s designed for you. A new jail tracker web site allows you, the public, to track … Photo Galleries Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Photos and Poll: Show us your support for your team! Additional arrests made in homicide of local radio personality Photos: News 10 goes pink for breast cancer awareness 2016 WTHI-TV Chili Cookoff Photos: The 641 Bypass from the air Hurricane Matthew in photographs No injuries after Light House Mission fire, 48 residents displaced Bert and Lucy’s 70 years in the Tunnel of Love Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Us Contact Us Subscribe White Papers Advertise RSS Newsletters Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Restaurant Hospitality Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Trends Food Trends Drink Trends Consumer Trends EAT BEAT Trendinista New Restaurant Concepts Food & Drink Recipes People Chef Interviews Rising Star Chefs Operations Marketing Staffing Finance Owner Interviews Opinions Editors Space Feedback Guest Columns Multimedia Galleries Videos Podcasts Advertisement Home > Trends > Trendinista > Seeing the beauty in 'ugly' produce Seeing the beauty in 'ugly' produce Sep 16, 2016 Liz Barrett EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 What is in this article?: Seeing the beauty in 'ugly' produce Using ugly produce in menus Chefs embrace less-than-perfect fruits and vegetables to save money and cut waste. Advertisement A revolution of sorts is happening in the produce industry. The fruits and vegetables that just a few years ago were deemed “weird” or “no good” are sneaking past the compost bin and making it into supermarkets. Mega stores such as Whole Foods and Walmart recently joined the party, adding so-called “ugly” fruits and vegetables to their shelves after being presented with a Change.org petition signed by thousands of “ugly produce” supporters. Consumers have been warming up to the idea of purchasing imperfect produce with the help of humorous campaigns showing wonky looking carrots and scary statistics that illustrate how much food is wasted each year.  But chefs have always been fans of “No. 2,” “ugly” and “imperfect” produce. Awareness of ugly produce is growing, according to Jordan Figueiredo, anti-food-waste activist and founder of @UglyFruitandVeg. But he said the U.S. still has a ways to go to make an impact on food waste. “Just a few years ago, there weren’t any large supermarkets selling ugly produce, and now there are four; there was hardly anything in the news about ugly, and now there’s a story almost every week over the last year and a half,” said Figueiredo. “In the category of really taking a big bite out of the 20 billion pounds of produce, mostly ugly, that’s wasted in the U.S., however, we’re still in the very early stages.” Marra St. Clair, co-founder and operator of Project Juice, based in San Francisco, said, “I’m thrilled that natural food leaders like Whole Foods are beginning to experiment with customer acceptance of ugly fruit. I think it’s indicative of a huge step in the right direction. While the produce may not look as perfect as we’ve been conditioned to expect, it’s nutritionally perfect and delivers awesome farm-fresh flavor.” Chef Maneet Chauhan, owner of Chauhan Ale & Masala House in Nashville, Tenn., said one of the biggest problems is awareness. “People have this perception that if it doesn’t look good it’s not good enough to eat,” Chauhan said. “In this day and age, chefs are being conscious about waste and how to manage it, and I think taking steps to utilize ugly fruit makes you a better operator.” It’s also a way to support local farmers, added Greg Gettles, chef de cuisine of Mercantile and Mash in Charleston, S.C. “Our flawed sense of what’s good or tasty just based on appearance is one of the reasons why our communities are suffering,” said Gettles. “The only real way to fill that disconnect is to get out and meet your farmers, express interest in those cast-offs, and get creative with ways to prep or process them.” Using ugly produce in menus » 1 2 Next Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Darden's Seeing Double   Beef Inspirations   They Click, You Give   Beautiful Balance   Trendinista: Cannabis market ready for culinary touch   Editor's Picks 3 steps to effective seasonal hiring   How to reduce time clock abuse   Don’t blow your one chance to stand out   SEO strategies need to factor impact of voice searches   How competency models can improve employee performance   Advertisement Current Issue No winning with restaurant no-shows A handgun with a side of fries Meet Lilia, Missy Robbins' new Italian concept CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin RSS App Store Advertisement Advertisement Navigate Restaurant-Hospitality.com Trends Food & Drink People Operations Back of the House Opinions Video Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Subscribe View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin RSS App Store Search Restaurant-Hospitality.com Search: Restaurant Hospitality Penton Restaurant Group Food Management Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments New Jersey to make bail system fairer starting Jan. 1: Impact 2016: Justice For All Cuyahoga County jail An inmate uses the phone at the Cuyahoga County Jail. (Sara Dorn, cleveland.com) Print Email Sara Dorn, cleveland.com By Sara Dorn, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Follow on Twitter on September 16, 2016 at 3:18 PM comments As courts in Cuyahoga County take steps to build a fairer bail system, dozens of courts across the country are making changes to prevent bail from discriminating against people who can't afford it. Read about recent bail-reform news below as part of Impact 2016: Justice For All, a cleveland.com series that examines Cuyahoga County's bail system and how it could be made more equitable and cost-effective. New Jersey to make fair bail law Jan. 1: An amendment to the New Jersey Constitution aimed at preventing defendants from having to stay in jail because they can't afford bail will go into effect next year, according to multiple reports. Before setting bail, judges will be required to more thoroughly assess a defendant's risk of skipping court or committing crimes. The new law also encourages judges to limit the use of bail for low-risk defendants. The amendment requires the use of a six-point assessment to determine defendants' risk before their first bail hearing, all within 48 hours of their arrest. It also gives judges the power to jail people before their trial if they are deemed a danger to the community or risk of committing a crime while out. Current law requires judges to set bail for everyone except those accused of capital offenses. Man sues over $20,000 bail for crime he says he didn't commit: A Pennsylvania man claims he was forced to plead no-contest to theft charges because he could not afford the $20,000 bail a judge set. Joseph Curry turned himself in after he read in the paper that a warrant was out for his arrest for stealing from a Wal-Mart store he said he has never been to, according to courthousenews.com. Because he couldn't afford to pay his bail, he spent three months in jail, missed the birth of his child and lost his job. Curry sued the police officers who arrested him and Wal-Mart. U.S. Third Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Michael Chagares dismissed the case, but blasted the flawed bail system that forced Curry to stay behind bars. "Curry's inability to post bail deprived him not only of his freedom, but also of his ability to seek redress for the potentially unconstitutional prosecution that landed him in jail in the first place," Chagares said, according to the Courthouse News Service. Freeing defendants in Chicago: Former Chicago mayoral candidate Willie Wilson has promised to put $50,000 toward bailing out Cook County defendants who are accused of minor crimes and can't afford to make bail, according to the Chicago Tribune. As of Sept. 15, there were 344 suspects in the Cook County jail who needed $1,000 or less to get out, according to the Tribune. Wilson said he hopes to bail out 5,000 people by 2017. So far, he has helped six people. New Mexico could make unaffordable bail unconstitutional: Voters will decide in November on a constitutional amendment that would all but eliminate bail. Judges could jail people deemed dangerous or a flight risk without the opportunity to post bond, and release others without making them pay. "The goal is to kind of move away from paying altogether and detain people pretrial based on their risk only," said Julia Downs, a fiscal analyst for New Mexico's legislative finance committee. The amendment aims to make New Mexico's bail practices fairer, and save the state millions of dollars in jail expenses. Downs estimates the state could recoup $17.9 million in 2017 if the measure passes. New Mexico voters could make unaffordable bail illegal Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for November 18, 2016 Updates posted Monday - Friday Eat, Drink & Play in the CLE What are the best restaurants, bars & things to do in NE Ohio? Check out our new "Essential CLE" visitors guide for the answers. EXPLORE Essential CLE: The Visitors Guide 10 best restaurants 10 best bars Top 10 things to do Authentic Cleveland A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
thedailynews.cc News Greenville Belding Carson City Lakeview Edmore Stanton Panhandle Classifieds Deals E-edition More Latest Funeral Notices Scanner Free Time PLUG IN November 18, 2016 News Local Politics Business Beat Opinions Lifestyle Sports High School Local Outdoors Community Events Calendar Funeral Notices Classifieds More Videos Lottery Photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Subscriber Services Submit News Click Now! Posted: Friday, September 16, 2016 Tweet Conversation on Stanton tree removal remains controversial Posted by Meghan Nelson • Last Updated 12:05 pm on Friday, September 16 2016 Tweet The pomes on the Bradford pear trees along Camburn Street in Stanton are starting to mature. The trees have been discussed at the last three Stanton City Commission meetings, including the meeting Tuesday night. — Daily News/Meghan Koglin   STANTON — Trees across Montcalm County are beginning to change, with apples maturing and leaves on the tips of trees starting to transform to their fall colors. However, the controversy about whether the Bradford pear trees along Camburn Street in downtown Stanton will come come down has not changed. Stanton residents Don Smucker, Michael Van Kleeck and former Judge Charles Miel all defended the trees at Stanton’s City Commission meeting Tuesday night. Miel brought pictures of the Bradford pear trees in bloom in spring and talked about how they add to the downtown district. He also disputed an idea brought up at a previous City Commission meeting that downtown Stanton shouldn’t have trees because businesses like Meijer and Walmart don’t have trees. “They do have some trees,” Miel said. “But they have a different strategy than downtown Stanton.” Smucker, once the director of the MSU Montcalm Extension, said he has experience with trees and thinks the trees are in good health. One of the concerns about the trees is the mess the dropped pomes leave on the ground in front of businesses. “Several years ago, the council tried to apply a spray to prevent the fruit,” Smucker said. “It didn’t work, but maybe there are other ways to knock the buds down. I like those trees.” The sidewalk on the southeast side of Camburn Street has several dropped pomes and leaves from the Bradford pear trees. The trees have been discussed at the last three Stanton City Commission meetings, including the meeting Tuesday night. — Daily News/Megan Koglin Van Kleeck lives on Camburn Street and said he hasn’t noticed a problem with the pomes. “Anything that can be picked up and tracked in, you’d think it would happen to me,” he said. “My wife is in a wheelchair. Not being able to take wheels off, if there was nothing to be tracked, it would get tracked into my house.” Van Kleeck likes the appearance of the trees and what they do to downtown Stanton. Commissioner Ken Burris and Stanton resident Ray Holloway are still in favor of removing the trees. “I still think it would be best for the trees to go,” Holloway said. “If I get a new pair of shoes, I’m not going to walk on the sidewalk with the mess.” Holloway also mentioned thinking of hiring an arborist or professional to trim the trees. “The trees should have never been planted,” Burris said. “They weren’t supposed to bear fruit in the original plan. No matter how much you prune and trim, you’re never going to be able to make some of these trees look pretty.” Stanton sought three bids to remove the trees, but according to City Manager Jake Eckholm, the bids were too expensive and didn’t include a replacement plan. Eckholm recommended tabling the issue and reaching out to specific business owners who had issues with the trees to find a solution. “I don’t see why healthy trees should be removed on tax-payer dollars,” Eckholm said.   About the Author Meghan Nelson Meghan is the Stanton and Lakeview area reporter for The Daily News. She also specializes in stories for the Health and Business Beat pages. She is a 2016 graduate of Eastern Michigan University. Meghan Nelson has written 76 articles. Related Stories IN BRIEF: Stanton schedules housing forum, seeks tree removal bids Tuesday, August 9th, 2016 Posted in: Local, News, Stanton At the Stanton City Commission meeting Tuesday night, commissioners voted to hold a public forum on Sept. 15 about a potential housing program. Read More » Pear trees leave Stanton residents divided Friday, August 26th, 2016 Posted in: Local, S.Slider The suggested removal of Bradford pear trees along Camburn Street has branched out into a larger conversation. The topic was brought up again during Tuesday’s Stanton City Commission meeting when Stanton resident and former Judge Charles Miel presented several reasons why he believed the trees should remain. Read More » Stanton seeks bids to remove pear trees Friday, August 12th, 2016 Posted in: Local A few pear trees are about to become a messy memory in Stanton. “We’ve had nothing but a problem with these trees from day one. I, for one, am getting sick and tired,” Stanton City Commissioner Ken Burris said during Tuesday’s regular meeting. Read More » Stanton City Commission turns to downtown improvements Wednesday, September 24th, 2014 Posted in: Local, News Top Story, S.Slider New City Manager Jake Eckholm has been busy during his first few weeks on the job and is already formulating plans for various improvements around the town. At Tuesday evening’s meeting of the city commission, he laid out some of those plans. Read More » Follow Us Facebook:   Twitter: Follow @greenvilledn Email Alerts: Coming Soon… Rate this Article VN:R_U [1.9.10_1130] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes)  0     CommentsCommenting Guidelines Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Videos Most Commented 59 Montcalm County gets homeland security snow cone machine 36 Alley Cat Bar & Grill owner charged with multiple sex crimes 11 JUST IN: Friday afternoon crash leaves at least 2 injured 9 Central Montcalm confiscates 550 laptops after security tampering News local politics business beat Sports local high school outdoors Classifieds Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Community forum calendar funeral notices submit news More video lottery photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Stafford Media Solutions ®2011 advertise here contact us privacy policy sitemap terms Belding Carson City Greenville Lakeview Stanton Panhandle Edmore

RTV6 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Interactive Radar Storm Tracker 7-Day Forecast Today's Forecast Cams Maps/Radars Weather Alerts School Closings Traffic + Traffic Map Gas Prices News + Local U.S./World Call 6 Crime Good News Politics DecodeDC Moving to Mexico Hot Button Photos Money + Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart Sports + Colts Pacers Indy 500 College High School Life + Event Calendar Horoscope Jefferson Awards Entertainment + Food TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Comics Right This Minute The List Video + Live Video Indianapolis This Week YouTube Channel ABC Live Video Marketplace + Contests About Us + Contact Us News Team Mobile Newsletters Advertise Support Current 57° Clear 3-Day Forecast HI: 72° LO: 51° HI: 49° LO: 31° HI: 41° LO: 26° More Weather Traffic current alerts 3 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Florida police arrest Indy man on murder warrant Victoria T. Davis 1:37 PM, Sep 16, 2016 6:28 PM, Sep 16, 2016 Share Article Previous Next An Indianapolis man was arrested in Florida after a woman's body was found on the side of the road in June. WRTV Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next INDIANAPOLIS – An Indianapolis man was arrested on a murder warrant in Florida Thursday after a woman’s body was found on the side of the road on Indy’s east side in June. Joshua Harris, 41, who was living in a homeless camp behind Walmart, was arrested by US Marshalls and local police in Ocala, Florida. On June 24, IMPD officers were called to the 10900 block of East Troy Avenue on the report of a body found. Police found the body of 38-year-old Jeannie Howard on the side of the road and couldn’t immediately determine if the injuries she sustained caused her death. On Sept. 2 Howard’s death was ruled a homicide and detectives put out a warrant for Harris Sept. 8 RELATED | June death on Indianapolis' southeast side now ruled homicide He is being held at the Marion County Jail in Ocala, Florida and is waiting to be transported to Indiana. Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article Related Get the free RTV6 mobile app to track storms A Share A A A Share Article Related Get the free RTV6 mobile app to track storms Read Full Story Local News Shop late, shop local at Mass Ave. Friday night If you don't want to give your Christmas-gift money to the big box stores this year, stores at the Mass Ave neighborhood want you do your… SONIC aims to open 10 new stores in c. Ind. SONIC Drive-In is hoping to open ten new stories in central Indiana over the next five years. Chase ends in crash, arrest on northwest side A police chase ended in a crash and arrest Friday morning on Indianapolis' northwest side. Unburied cable lines cause problems on west side At the the Villas of Westmount -- a quiet neighborhood on Indianapolis' west side -- Becky Lucid had unburied cable lines. Woman found dead on near-east side A woman was found dead Friday morning on Indianapolis' near-east side. Local NewsWeather Traffic Sports Entertainment Life MarketplaceSupport RTV6 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Hot Button TV Listings HTSN Community Calendar uReport Call 6 Good News Jefferson Awards Mobile Apps RTV6 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Windows Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments GrubSouth partners with Alabama supermarket for online ordering, delivery Print Email Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com By Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com AL.com Follow on Twitter on September 16, 2016 at 12:32 PM, updated September 16, 2016 at 1:10 PM comments As more consumers demand convenience in their busy lives, two local companies are partnering to make one routine errand a little easier. GrubSouth, founded by Katie Herron and Marge Loveday, is now offering online ordering and delivery at Star Market in Huntsville. It's a natural transition for GrubSouth, which has been serving restaurants since its launch four years ago. Big-box retailers Walmart and Kroger already offer online grocery ordering and pickup, while Shipt provides same-day delivery from Publix stores in Huntsville and Madison. Mark Tow, director of pharmacy operations for Star Market, believes every grocer will have to address the need in some way. "We do deliver to our local customers, but this is the first attempt to use a company like GrubSouth," he told AL.com. "We believe it will be a large part of the growth in the near future." How does the service work? Loveday said customers can visit GrubSouth.com on their phone, tablet or computer, select "Grocery," and pick the products they want to buy. GrubSouth then sends a shopper to the Five Points store and delivers the order within the hour. Delivery is currently available to zip codes 35801, 35811, 35802, 35805 and 35806, but Loveday said they will expand the service in the future. "We do plan on adding more grocery locations and at that point we hope to have grocery available to more areas," she said. "Right now, we are offering free delivery for first-time customers." The delivery fee, which is based on the distance and driving time from the store to a customer's home or business, normally ranges from $4 to $12. Product markup will not exceed 25 percent and pickup is also available. Since GrubSouth began taking pre-orders on Sunday, Herron said customers have provided positive feedback on the service, which includes Italian food from the on-site Terry's Pizza. "People love the easy-to-use site and being able to have us shop for them," she said. "Some customers have chosen the pickup option." A turning point in retail Research firm IBISWorld said virtual grocery sales should increase 9.5 percent each year to become a $9.4 billion industry by 2017. Other sources estimate shoppers spent $18 to $24 billion last year on online groceries alone. As mom-and-pop stores compete with larger businesses, Tow said it's important Star Market remains innovative in order to meet shopper needs. "Our customer base will be expanded and we are all about adding convenience for Star customers," he said. "We do not currently have an online ordering system so this gets us in the game with all our large competitors." Herron, a touring musician looking to supplement her income, developed the GrubSouth concept in 2012 after realizing there was a need for restaurant delivery in Huntsville. Loveday, who also plays music for a living, helped Herron build the brand as a revenue stream to co-exist with their music careers. GrubSouth started with only nine eateries and three drivers, but now has more than 100 restaurant partners, 40 drivers and four dispatchers. Herron said Nick Tucker has been instrumental in getting the online grocery service off the ground. "We have had an increasing number of people express their need for a service like this and for some, it will greatly increase their quality of life," she said. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Election Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 57° 57° Low 54° High 73° Sat 37° 43° Sun 25° 42° Mon 25° 47° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Man wanted for Indianapolis murder caught in Florida Posted 1:33 pm, September 16, 2016, by CBS4 Web, Updated at 01:55pm, September 16, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Mug shot of Joshua Farris × Man wanted for Indianapolis murder caught in Florida Mug shot of Joshua Farris INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – A suspect in an Indianapolis murder was arrested in Florida this week. According to IMPD, officers in Ocala, Fla., took Joshua Farris, 41, into custody on Thursday. U.S. Marshals and local law enforcement officers found him in a homeless camp behind a Walmart. On June 24, Indianapolis Metropolitan police were called to the 10900 block of East Troy Avenue after a body was found along the side of the road. Police identified the woman as 38-year-old Jeannie Howard. Detectives saw signs of trauma but couldn’t immediately determine if the injuries led to Howard’s death. The Marion County Coroner’s Office later said that Howard died from chop wounds to the head—combined sharp and blunt force trauma. The coroner’s office ruled her death a homicide on Sept. 2 and an arrest warrant was issued for Farris on Sept. 8. Farris remained on the run until being arrested in Florida on a warrant for murder. He’s being held in Florida’s Marion County as he awaits extradition back to Indianapolis. 29.187199 -82.140092 Filed in: Crime, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Police: Mother killed 3-year-old daughter and 7-year-old son in Montgomery County Rexnord officially decides to leave Indy for Mexico, taking 375 jobs with it Impatient driver gets dose of instant karma in road rage video Johnson County teen charged with drug dealing after accidentally texting police officer Latest News Police find antique stolen car abandoned at roadside, locate owner Trump asks Rep. Mike Pompeo to be CIA director, sources say Trump taps Alabama senator Jeff Sessions for attorney general post Oilfield found in west Texas is largest in USA Crime News Coroner says Indianapolis woman died of chop wounds to head, police investigate death as homicide News Man charged with battery, murder of 61-year-old in Aug. Crime News Police: Woman found unresponsive inside Indianapolis home had been stabbed Crime News Police identify 65-year-old man fatally shot on south side; 21-year-old arrested on murder charge News Police identify woman found dead in west side retention pond News Man arrested 13 years after brutal murder, rape of elderly Marion woman Crime News Police identify man found dead at Ray’s Trash Service on west side of Indianapolis Crime News Police arrest 19-year-old on murder charge after man found dead on southwest side Crime News Police arrest man after fatal shooting on east side News IMPD conducting death investigation after skeletal remains found on south side Crime News Police arrest 5 people, seize drugs in near north side SWAT raid Crime News Police identify 2 men killed in separate shootings in Indianapolis Crime News State police release details of investigation into shootout that killed Deputy Carl Koontz Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2016, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Read today's eNewspaper Entertainment TV & Media If everything about watching TV has changed, then how is 'fall TV' still a thing? 'Insecure' Anne Marie Fox / HBO Issa Rae as Issa and Yvonne Orji as Molly in HBO's "Insecure." Issa Rae as Issa and Yvonne Orji as Molly in HBO's "Insecure." (Anne Marie Fox / HBO) Hank StueverThe Washington Post It's odd how we cling to certain TV rituals. The whole idea of "Fall TV," for example. There's an ongoing, revolutionary upgrade in the many ways we watch television, so how is it that consumers are still expected to gorge on two to three dozen premieres at once (from broadcast, cable and streaming) every September and October, the way we've always done it? Or, with a nod to HBO satirist John Oliver's exasperated segments on outdated social conventions: How is fall TV still a thing? MOST READ ENTERTAINMENT NEWS THIS HOUR Consider the 18 days in late July and early August that the networks (broadcast, cable and now streaming) spend promoting their new fall shows to the Television Critics Association press tour at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, in much they same way did in the 1970s. Some 200 reporters and critics (including this one) get a good, long, hyped-up look at all the offerings that the new season will bring. They go to cocktail parties and interview the stars of the new shows. The hotel itself, a midcentury beauty of the "Mad Men" era where the Golden Globes are held each year and ancient celebrity photos adorn the walls, has a way of making critics feel like we've stepped back several decades. There can sometimes be a sense of shared delusion and optimism. I always come back from a press tour with a renewed crush on TV, in love all over again. Then I come to my senses - usually when I re-watch the final versions of pilot episodes and have to write reviews of them. The mutual (possibly insane) understanding, from network to critic to viewer, is that half of these shows won't survive. That's usually because they aren't very good, but also, increasingly, because of inundation. In this "peak TV" era (the hazardous-waste stage of television's latest "golden age") a viewer has about 450 current dramas and comedies to choose from across multiple platforms, over a single year. More if you count foreign-made series, plus 700 or so others if you add non-scripted, "reality" programming. Isn't it ludicrous to still believe that a deluge of new shows would manage to find just the right audience in an eight-week period tied to the changing color of leaves? Especially in an industry that increasingly disregards its old measures of success, each choosing its own special cocktail of Nielsen ratings, in-house data, "buzz" (social network traffic), critics' reviews and acute measures of time-shifted viewing to determine a hit? Behind the happy hype, it's madness. Alan Wurtzel, NBC's longtime president of research and media development, is becoming a press-tour fixture; give him 20 minutes and he will overwhelm a roomful of math-challenged journalists with data about how and when different demographics ingest their TV. In addition to the extraordinary amounts of content people are watching on video screens (from the TV on the wall to the phone in their hands it's now close to six hours a day on average, NBC found), Wurtzel recently looked at factors that get viewers to start watching a new show at all. He said that 54 percent of viewers of all ages agreed that they probably would not start watching a show unless multiple episodes are available to them on demand. To them, a "new" show is likely to be one they simply haven't had time to watch yet but has been out long enough to earn a reputation or personal recommendation. Once they've decided to try it out, they want as much of it as possible, or else it's not worth committing to. One ballyhooed premiere episode is not enough. "The idea that you can just open up a show is not enough anymore," Wurtzel said. "You may have to refresh people's interest or knowledge about that show months later. ... This is a fundamental change in how people have been viewing TV." "Superstore," the NBC sitcom about employees of a Walmart-like retailer, is an example of what the future of TV premieres could look like. Originally slated as a midseason show, "Superstore" first aired in late 2015 as a "sneak peek"-style preview before its actual premiere in January. The ratings (live plus three days of time-shifted viewing) were so-so. But as more episodes aired and the show got a second look from critics, "Superstore" started to look more like a hit in the long haul. It's perhaps telling, then, that NBC is sending only three new scripted shows into this fall's sacrificial volcano - family drama "This Is Us"; adventure drama "Timeless"; and afterlife comedy "The Good Place." (Two of these - "This Is Us" and "Timeless" - are the kind of shows I'd like to see stick around, while "The Good Place" feels expendable. But then, it wouldn't be the fall season if all of it didn't feel cancelable.) CBS has six new shows this fall, ABC has five and Fox has four. Adding up all the new cable and streaming dramas and comedies premiering between Labor Day and Christmas, I count around 50 scripted shows. This includes HBO, which is launching four scripted series in coming weeks; even Netflix, Hulu and Amazon, which have no bottom-line reason to sell a "season" to viewers or advertisers, have directed some of their biggest offerings in 2016 to the fall. If you think you make the best television, then fall is still the time to prove it. There are creators who still want to win that game the old-fashioned way. "It actually is surprising sometimes," said Jennifer Salke, NBC's president of entertainment. "Someone will come in who I know could walk into any streaming platform and have a 13-episode order, (but) really wants to crack the network thing because they grew up on NBC and that's where they want to work." In other ways, the fall TV model can sometimes have a negative impact on a network's brand. CBS is coming under a lot of criticism for the lack of diversity - and imagination - in its six fall shows. Rolled out separately, over many months, these shows might have been judged on their own merits. But by packaging them together as fall shows, CBS essentially tells viewers that five of its best and brightest ideas in the year 2016 are shows that all star white guys in their 40s and 50s - Kevin James, Matt LeBlanc, Joel McHale, Michael Weatherly and Dermot Mulroney. (CBS' other bright idea is a new "MacGyver.") "We need to do better and we know it," said CBS's president of entertainment, Glenn Geller, pointing out some gains in diversity among ensemble casts and in the number of episode directors on some series. "That's really it. We need to do better. ... These are the shows we picked up. We pick up the best shows from the pilots we make." Geller's reference to "the pilots we make" is a reminder that fall TV begins months earlier as a series of time-honored rituals and business-as-usual: There's a pilot-making frenzy in the spring, which leads to the "upfronts" in May and the presentation of a prime-time schedule, at which point advertisers make decisions about where and what to buy. The reason fall TV is still a thing, after all, is that it serves as a stage upon which many billions of dollars in advertising revenue are at stake, in an industry that reports a gross profit margin of 40 to 50 percent on average. Despite everything you read in the business pages about cord-cutters and consumer clout, television done the usual way makes big bucks. (Doubling down on sitcoms starring Kevin James and Matt LeBlanc might be viewed as a savvy business grab for the mainstream, no matter how much cultural heartburn it gives critics.) "For 60 years, television, given the massive generational, behavioral, and technological shifts, has managed to change ... not so much (the world still sits in front of a television)," writes media critic Michael Wolff in his succinctly argued 2015 book, "Television Is the New Television: The Unexpected Triumph of Old Media in the Digital Age." "And yet (TV) is always, no matter its continued success, ubiquity, and cultural centrality, about to be swept away." Likewise, fall TV is still a thing because the streaming revolution has yet to produce a comparable moneymaker and attention-grabber. And to that we must also consider the ineffable, sentimental attachment. The memory of when the "FALL PREVIEW" issue of TV Guide, thick as the New Testament, would arrive at supermarket checkout lines and you'd beg your mother to buy it, so you could circle all the new shows you planned to watch. We have a fall TV season the same way we have a sense that it's time for football games and the 800-page September issue of Vogue. The new theater, the big books, the Oscar-contending films. Now is when we feast, and this is how we bring in the harvest, because, for as long as almost anyone can remember, we've always done it this way. RELATED STORIES:  Fall's familiar faces and TV newcomers, including Kevin James, Issa Rae and others 'Westworld' stars explain how the series confronts contemporary issues of human nature and the fembot Check out the latest movie reviews from Michael Phillips and the Chicago Tribune. Check out reviews for all new music releases from Tribune music critic Greg Kot. Copyright © 2016, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Theater HBO John Oliver Dermot Mulroney Hulu Fox Broadcasting Company Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 48°
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 These charts show how Amazon is blowing away competitors — and its lead is growing Eugene Kim Sep. 16, 2016, 12:58 PM 5,123 facebook linkedin twitter email print Amazon is absolutely killing it in online retail and its lead continues to grow, according to a new note published by RBC Capital on Thursday. The note shared a number of charts to illustrate this point, based on the results of a recent survey it ran against 2,024 people, of whom 1,682 had shopped on Amazon over the past 12 months. The first chart shows that Amazon is the clear mindshare winner when it comes to online retail. Its rivals like eBay, Walmart, and Target lag far behind Amazon in terms of visit frequency. And Amazon's lead over second place eBay has widened over the past year. RBC Capital The next chart shows where Amazon stands when people evaluate three of the most important shopping criteria — price, selection, and conveneince. Again, Amazon maintains a strong lead over its competitors in all 3 areas: RBC Capital Perhaps the most impressive part is that Amazon is doing all this while keeping its customer satisfaction rate high. According to the survey, a whopping 85% of current Amazon customers said they're "extremely" or "very" satisfied, while only 2% said they were "slightly satisfied" or "not at all" satisfied. RBC Capital But what should be most concerning to other retailers is that all of this is leading to higher purchase frequency on Amazon.com. Now, an estimated 47% of Amazon customers make at least 2 to 3 purchases a month, up from last year's 42%, the survey says. RBC Capital Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: Court documents show Amazon's secret ambition to take over the industrial and office supply market in 3 years NOW WATCH: An exercise scientist reveals how often and for how long you should work out to see real results Loading video... More: Amazon Jeff Bezos Walmart eBay Target RBC Capital facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru These charts show how Amazon is blowing away competitors — and its lead is growing These charts show how Amazon is blowing away competitors — and its lead is growing Amazon is absolutely killing it in online... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Haze69° FULL FORECASTHaze69° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Macdill Trump White House could boost Tampa defense industry, experts say US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Here's why Toys "R" Us is all about Tampa Bay right now Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Polk County inmate located, arrested after stealing county truck, fleeing from jobsite Largo proposes moratorium proposed on marijuana dispensaries Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup After Trump meeting, Scott says 'I'm staying in Florida' Top News Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy Obama gathers key Europe leaders amid questions about Trump (w/video) Treasure Island voters speak loudly on redevelopment measures The Clinton team blames Comey for election loss; Trump team is doing him no favors. Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning tops Sabres Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Role reversals for Clearwater's Jarius Williams and Adarius Lemons Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Deal set to dismiss domestic assault case against Johnny Manziel Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Florida Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) Top News Five ideas for pears: chips, crostini, soup and more From the food editor: Four not-so-traditional dessert ideas for Thanksgiving dinner Nine stuffing recipes for apples, squash and your Thanksgiving turkey 5 things to do under $5: Sand sculptors on Treasure Island, free ferry rides, CraftArt Festival Iberian Rooster brings Portuguese street food to downtown St. Petersburg starting Friday Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Bill Law's strong record at SPC Henderson: Sitting out on any race shouldn't be an election option Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Welcome to McDonald's! May I take your order ... and bring it to your table? Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Donald Trump's strength in Florida shows in working-class Pasco County Adam C. Smith, Times Political Editor Link View all Articles ADAM C. SMITHTampa Bay Times Friday, September 16, 2016 12:16pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next HOLIDAY — Donald Trump's prospects for winning the White House will probably rise or fall among the strip malls and 1,000-square-foot ranch homes of southwest Pasco County. Related News/Archive Donald Trump won Florida on strength of suburban white vote 1 Week Ago Donald Trump's path to the White House runs through Pennsylvania and its working-class white voters 5 Months Ago Hillary Clinton pulls no punches on Donald Trump in Pasco 2 Weeks Ago In this working-class suburb of Tampa Bay, finding people enthusiastically supporting Hillary Clinton is tough. Finding people enthusiastically supporting Trump is less difficult. Finding people fed up with the status quo is a piece of cake. "It's not that I like Trump that much, it's that I dislike Hillary so much. I don't think (Barack) Obama did anything for us, and I see it continuing with Hillary. At least with Trump, there's a chance for some change, and I'm all for change," said 66-year-old retiree Ken Seekford, plunging into a bowl of soup at Jimmy's Restaurant in downtown New Port Richey. A lifelong Democrat who moved to Pasco from Maryland two years ago, Seekford is so turned off by Clinton that he switched his registration to Republican after watching the Democratic National Convention. "Look at everything she was caught in," he said. "With those emails, somebody asks her, 'Did you wipe your hard drive?' And she says, 'What do you mean, with a rag?' Come on, she's smarter than that." Trump can't win the presidency without winning Florida, and many observers question how he can win Florida if he fails to do better among Florida's one in three minority voters. That's not expected to happen. So how is it that poll after poll shows Trump running neck-and-neck with Clinton, with a real shot at winning Florida's 29 electoral votes? The answer lies behind the Advanced Auto Parts and Big Lots stores along U.S. 19, in 40-year-old subdivisions with names like Holiday Lakes Estates, Beacon Square and Regency Park. Those who divide Florida into political territories call this corner of Pasco County Florida House District 36. And unlike the vast majority of legislative districts across America, the roughly 100,000 voters here tend to be independent-minded and unpredictable. Thirty-five percent are registered Republicans, 34 percent Democrats and 31 percent belong to neither party. In 2008 and in 2012, Obama narrowly carried Florida House District 36, and narrowly won Florida. But a poll of likely voters taken in July by a Democratic polling firm found Trump with a double-digit lead over Clinton — 51 percent to 39 percent — in this district. • • • Southwest Pasco County looks tailor-made for Trump: 90 percent white, nearly 90 percent without college degrees, median household income of about $34,000. Also, widespread anxiety over crime and a deteriorating quality of life. In the 1970s, this was a blue-collar retirement mecca that attracted Northeasterners who could buy a comfortable two-bedroom ranch with attached garage for $10,000. Many of these same homes sold for more than $140,000 during the peak of the housing bubble in 2006, only to see their values plummet to less than $50,000 today. The numbers help explain how Trump is defying the conventional political wisdom that Florida's fast-changing demographics will make the state a steep climb for a Republican nominee so weak among minority voters. That conventional wisdom also may underestimate Clinton's unpopularity based on conversations inside the VFW post, outside the Walmart and inside Jimmy's Restaurant. "She should be in jail, and you or me would be if we did what she did with those emails," said Dorothy Jay of Holiday over lunch at Jimmy's with her husband. "At least Trump is not going to be taking payoffs from people wanting something." "I don't trust her, and we don't need another four years of Obama," said Alan Jay, who moved with his wife to the area from Long Island in 1994. "Trump's problem is that he has diarrhea of the mouth. He speaks before he thinks, but what comes out of his mouth is honest." Republican pollster Wes Anderson, who works for the Rebuilding America Now super PAC helping Trump, said Clinton has at least as much to do with Trump's strength in Florida as Trump. "Everyone talks about Trump's negatives, and we kind of miss the point that Hillary Clinton has just as strong negatives as he does — and in some ways hers are more telling," Anderson said. "This is a change election, and she is anything but that. Whether she likes it or not, she wears the mantle of the political establishment. ... That is actually what's happening in Florida." Even as Clinton dramatically outspends Trump on TV ads in Florida and builds a more robust voter-turnout operation, the candidates are virtually tied. The average of recent Florida polls compiled by RealClearPolitics.com on Friday had Trump with 45.1 percent support and Clinton with 44.4 percent. "The assumption is it's because Trump is running up the score in the markets where Republicans have to run up the score when they win Florida," said Anderson. "I think that's only half of the story. There are lots of places where she is underperforming, and I do think it's going to come down to Tampa and Orlando." Candidates and political operatives in competitive legislative races in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties say they see Trump running much stronger than expected. Democratic state Rep. Amanda Murphy represents District 36 and keeps her distance from Clinton while knocking on doors or talking with residents, many of whom recently experienced severe flooding from Hurricane Hermine. She said she understands the sentiments of Trump backers she encounters. "People do want change, and I understand that," said Murphy, who stresses to people that she is not a lifelong politician and is focused on Tallahassee, not Washington. The district used to be represented by Republican Mike Fasano, now Pasco's tax collector, who said he hears plenty of anecdotal evidence about Trump's strength. "I don't know that they are as much in love with Donald Trump as they are disgusted with the whole process, and they have been disgusted by it for years," Fasano said. "People are just tired of the old regimes in Washington, whether it be Republicans or Democrats, and whether it's Mitch McConnell or John Boehner or Hillary Clinton. They're just tired of it. They feel understandably like they're not being told the truth, and they're tired of being pushed aside." Even if Trump wins this district comfortably, he could lose Florida. Charlie Crist, the populist Republican-turned-Democratic candidate for governor, beat Rick Scott by 10 percentage points here in 2014 but still lost narrowly statewide. • • • Four years ago, Mitt Romney lost this district to Obama by 2,404 votes, or nearly 4 percentage points. But this year's super wealthy Republican nominee is connecting far better with the blue-collar voters of Pasco than 2012's super wealthy nominee. Among the transplanted Northeasterners, Trump is more Queens than Wall Street. "Trump works with laborers and goes up and pats them on the back. Hillary doesn't do that," said Seekford, sitting at Jimmy's. "Hillary doesn't even want to touch a commoner. It might rub off on her." At Jimmy's with his wife, 84-year-old Democrat Joe Trumbauer talked about how tough it is caring for his wife with Alzheimer's because he can't afford help. He's a loyal Democrat, a former Mack Truck auto worker from Allentown, Pa., but is intrigued by Trump. "We didn't get a Social Security raise in the last two or three years — and that's Democrats in the White House," Trumbauer said. "I do in a way want to vote for Trump, but I'm afraid to because I don't know what he's going to do." Even Clinton supporters in the area sounded sheepish about supporting her. Inside Randolph Ford VFW Post 7845 in Port Richey, where most of the boisterous men and women at the bar said they liked Trump, retired Air Force veteran John Rodgers, 80, said Clinton supporters like himself tend to be more low-key. "It's because she's been in politics for so long,'' Rodgers said. "It's hard to get excited about and trust someone who's been in politics so long." Contact Adam Smith at asmith@tampabay.com. Follow @AdamSmithTimes. Florida House District 36   34% Registered Democrats   35% Registered Republicans   31% Other   Donald Trump's strength in Florida shows in working-class Pasco County 09/16/16 [Last modified: Monday, November 14, 2016 6:01pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 18, 9:47 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & Culture Is Pokémon Go Plus In Stock? How To Check Toys R Us, Gamestops And Walmarts Near You By Bob Fekete On 09/16/16 AT 12:26 PM Close The Pokémon Go Plus is now available in North America for $34.99. Want to get one of your very own? Here’s the best tips for avoiding long lines and making sure your store has one in stock. Your best bet before you get going is to simply make a few phone calls to stores in your area. While Nintendo hasn’t really said where you can buy a Pokémon Go Plus, GameStop definitely has them in stock. Be sure to find your nearest store or two using the Store Locator, and call to see if they can set one aside for you. If GameStop isn’t your thing, try giving some of the big-box retailers a try. Target, Toys R Us and Best Buy frequently have new video games, and if there’s money to be made you know Wal-Mart will be getting in on the fun as well. Each of those links will take you to the respective retailer’s store finder. If you happen to live in New York City, Polygon is reporting the Nintendo World Store has Pokémon Go Plus units in stock, but there is a long line and only one is being sold per customer. The store also declined to comment on how many were in stock. If you are truly Poké-crazed, you can buy one off of Amazon. Beware, these are third-party retailers, so the cheapest Pokémon Go Plus unit is over $85. Related Stories Pokémon Go Plus Releases Tomorrow With Obvious Shortcomings ‘Pokémon Go' Multiplayer, PvP And Other Features Teased Apple Watch owners may want to hold off on getting a Pokémon Go Plus of their own, since its features will come to Apple Watch in the future. There has been no release window given for this update to the Apple Watch, however. Anecdotally, a co-worker has found a Pokémon Go Plus at his local GameStop, but mentioned it was the last one in stock. If you’re still not exactly sure what the Pokémon Go Plus actually does, it’s a device that allows you to play Pokémon Go without looking at your phone. The device is worn like a watch, and lights up and vibrates when you are near a PokéStop or when a Pokémon appears. You can click the button on the Pokémon Go Plus to search the PokéStop or try and catch the wild Pokémon, all without having to take your phone out of your pocket. So what do you think? Are you interested in getting a Pokémon Go Plus of your own? Do you think you’ll just play Pokémon Go like you have been already? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Carl Icahn's Market Forecasts For A Trump Presidency Longtime Donald Trump supporter and billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn expects the president-elect to be good for business, despite looming tariffs. Technology Snapchat Update: How To Add Bitmoji To Customizable Geofilters To make Geofilters even more fun, Snapchat. has announced snapchatters will be able to add Bitmoji to their customizable Geofilter creations, starting Friday, Nov. 18. World Crown Asks For £369M For Palace Overhaul Citing tourism and prestige, the UK's Treasury announced Friday plans for a massive refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. National Trump Ally Claims Sandy Hook Shooting Was Staged Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones claims the Sandy Hook mass shooting was fake. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: siouxcityjournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections Activate Digital Subscription E-edition Download our Apps Buy, Sell & Jobs Jobs Classifieds Wheels for You Auto Siouxland Homes Business Directory SCJ Deal of the Day Siouxland Bid & Buy Weekly Ads Weather Sponsored by: Bomgaars News Business Elections Local National State & Regional Weird News Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists The Mini Polls Speak Out SUX 911 Iowa Cold Cases Police Calls Woodbury County Jail Resources Iowa Courts Online Crime Watch Sports High School College Musketeers Explorers Bandits Outdoors Obituaries Local Obituaries Area Obituaries Search Life Arts and Theatre Food and Cooking Faith and Values Health, Medicine and Fitness Home and Garden Music Relationships and Special Occasions Television Calendar Photos and Video Gallery Order Photos Videos Extra! Blogs Calendar Coffee Break Multimedia Contests Games & Puzzles Siouxland History Weekender Kids Scoop Goodfellow Charities Contact Us Customer-service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 34° sponsored by Sioux City, IA (51101) Today Windy. Snow will taper off and end this morning leading to cloudy conditions this afternoon. Some rain may mix in early. Temps nearly steady in the mid 30s. Winds NW at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of snow 100%. Snow accumulating 1 to 3 inches.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Gusty winds diminishing after midnight. Low 22F. Winds NW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 7:52 am Full Forecast News Sports Obits Buy, Sell & Jobs Life Extra! Events Close Sioux City transit bus hit by car BRET HAYWORTH bhayworth@siouxcityjournal.com Sep 16, 2016 (…) SIOUX CITY | No passengers were hurt when a Sioux City Transit bus was struck by a vehicle when traveling on Floyd Boulevard near Wal-Mart. Police were called to the collision at the 3100 block of Floyd Boulevard just after 5 p.m. Thursday. Sioux City Police Sgt. Jay Hoogendyk on Friday said no bus passengers were hurt, although three people in the other vehicle had possible injuries. Hoogendyk said the incident remains under investigation. Buses carry security cameras as they run various routes in Sioux City. More information +3 15 years after 9/11, community honors the fallen, looks to the future SIOUX CITY | Sunday marked 15 years since terrorists crashed four hijacked planes into the Twin Towers, the Pentagon and a western Pennsylvani… Man sentenced to 21 years for 2011 Sioux City shooting death Tags Sioux City Sioux City Police Department Sioux City Transit Car Crash Bus Passenger Police Vehicle Jay Hoogendyk Transit Click here for local election updates Latest in section Schools have late starts as first snow of season hits Siouxland Live: Weather updates Today’s best bets around Siouxland Mr. Goodfellow: Wells Enterprises, Inc. GALLAGHER: TV flap clouds state title picture Most Popular Names released in fatal Friday crash GALLAGHER: Tough break for BH/RV player as team plays for title Hinton man hospitalized after morning crash involving city transit bus Witnesses tell of murder suspect's mood swings Shirvani: Proposed changes at Briar Cliff a step toward top-flight institution Business Directory Latest Local Offers C.A.P Recycling CAP Recycling is a recycling company for Aggregate Products(Concrete and Asphalt). For more information, click here! Updated Nov 11, 2016 Meier Towing, Inc. Are you in need of an auto recovery service? Meier Towing can help you reclaim your vehicle in a quick, hassle-free fashion.712-258-0609 Updated Nov 11, 2016 Most Popular Names released in fatal Friday crash GALLAGHER: Tough break for BH/RV player as team plays for title Hinton man hospitalized after morning crash involving city transit bus Witnesses tell of murder suspect's mood swings Shirvani: Proposed changes at Briar Cliff a step toward top-flight institution Currents +10 Election 2016 Live Before and after: How the last 10 presidents physically changed while in office National The 65 cities where police officers get paid the least +9 National Photos: How fungus could forever change the future of manufacturing Today's Birthdays, Nov. 18: Margaret Atwood Today In History, Nov. 18: Jonestown, Guyana Today’s top pics: Trump name change and more Flagstaff police officer punches woman in face Nobel winner Dylan is likely in Stockholm next year Long Island's 'Amityville Horror' house is being bought Another blocked kick, more 'catastrophic' results for Saints Priscilla on life with Elvis: 'Truly lived in a bubble' Latest Local Offers Submit Experience The Difference With HealthinEx® Carpet One's antimicrobial flooring installation system is a  Fashion Floors Carpet One 305 W 7th St, Sioux City, IA 51103 712-252-4382 Ads How can I tell if I have a hearing loss? If you answer yes to some of the following questions, you may have a hearing loss. Siouxland Hearing Healthcare 2916 Hamilton Blvd Lower C, Sioux City, IA 51104 712-258-3332 Ads Culligan® Bottled Water Coolers The best name in water comes in a bottle! Culligan 1111 W 21st St, Sioux City, IA 51103 712-252-4479 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Bernie Sanders says Democrats need 'new direction' Video: Intelligence director James Clapper submits resignation Video: Meet America's new first family — the Trumps Video: President Obama urges Donald Trump to 'stand up' to Russia Sites & Partners Business Journal Jobs Kids Scoop Prime Shopper's Guide Siouxland Homes Siouxland Life Visitors Guide Weekender Wheels for You Tools & Services E-edition Subscribe Customer-service Find Sioux City Jobs Advertise Announce your event Contact Us RSS FAQ © Copyright 2016 Sioux City Journal, 515 Pavonia St. Sioux City, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
About The Dagger Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service The Dagger - Local News with an Edge Local Politics Schools Sirens Big Q Health/Food A&E Sports Events You are here: Home / Sirens / Suicidal Man Shoots Himself in Parking Lot of Aberdeen Walmart Suicidal Man Shoots Himself in Parking Lot of Aberdeen Walmart September 16, 2016 By Dagger News Service Leave a Comment From the Aberdeen Police Office: On Thursday, September 15, 2016 at approximately 7:50 PM, officers from the Aberdeen Police Department responded to Walmart, located at 645 South Philadelphia Boulevard, for a report of a suicidal man in a vehicle. Officers arrived and quickly located the suicidal man, 29, seated in a parked vehicle on the lot. Officers had information that the suicidal man was armed with a handgun. Officers attempted to create a dialogue with the individual. The man did not respond to officers commands. A perimeter was established to ensure the safety of store patrons and the Crisis Negotiation Team was summoned to the scene. After failing to establish communication with the individual, members of the Harford County Municipal SWAT Team approached the man’s vehicle. They quickly determined the man had sustained head trauma. Officers took immediate action to provide medical attention; however, the individual was already deceased. Crime scene investigators determined the man sustained a single self-inflicted gunshot wound. The male was transported to the Office of the State Medical Examiner for further examination. Share this: Email Print Like this: Like Loading... About Dagger News Service Send Us Your News tellus@daggerpress.com Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Sounding Off “And "I saw pictures on Facebook." Congratulations? Yep, I believe everything on the internet, there's never an…” Potato Peeler | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “Everything is so "racist" today. The word has been reduced to very little meaning. You can…” Potato Peeler | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “Well, racism is alive and well in Harford County. Just look at the Dagger bigots and all the acts of…” Love Trumps Hatefult Trumppets | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “Logic that that is why you got your ass handed to you in the election.” You're too dumb to be considered dumb | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “The houses that have started have been selling fast this past year. Problem is they didn't have the infrastructure ready…” Cdev | Harford County Councilman Perrone: Possible Zoning Code Changes in Magnolia “Dear Mayor McGrady/Mr. LOL/Mooks My name is not Bud,.Bubba! I'm insulted. Stop being a snarky mook!” ResistOrangeHitler | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqpQc7nKK_I” ResistOrangeHitler | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “Hey bud I'm not a mayor of anything and I never claimed to be. I'm just a nobody like you.…” LOL | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “Dear Mayor McGrady/LOL . Donald Trump is still a "whinny little bitch" And he is still a racist,sexist,xenophobe He…” ResistOrangeHitler | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “SUGAR HILL ROAD, LLC – Aberdeen, MD (86-SP-0232-1) Renewal for a surface mine permit located from US 40 to Mountain…” Pavel314 | Harford County Councilman Perrone: Possible Zoning Code Changes in Magnolia “Sugar Hill Road, LLC is a Maryland Domestic LLC filed on July 9, 2001 . The company's filing status is…” Pavel314 | Harford County Councilman Perrone: Possible Zoning Code Changes in Magnolia “The thief in the picture does not have "pants that hang half-way down his ass" . He is in fact…” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “http://www.daggerpress.com/2016/10/18/pasquetta-mcgrady-i-want-to-pass-a-better-usa-on-to-my-grandchildren-trump-is-not-perfect-but-you-know-where-he-stands-on-most-issues/ So much for losing that electoral vote? Huh? Were you wrong?” LOL | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glTkvGJOpWA” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “College, not cofe.” LOL | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “I'm going to ask why you quoted in an article here a month ago that the Republican candidate lost the…” LOL | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “Reactionary conservatives always say that if we dont give more money to the rich they will lose their incentive to…” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89bUU0Yw5Ms” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCY3mU-5Pd8” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89bUU0Yw5Ms Your wish is my command. KMA” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5-cKTCU-QQ” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “One small correction: If Obama had a son he would be a social worker trying to help the poor and…” NotPC | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “If Obama had a son he would be a social worker trying to help the poor and homeless. He wouldnt…” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “There he is again. No YouTube videos?” squasage | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store “Are you a sociologist or a political sociopath (alt-right)?????” South Harford Democrat | Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store Recent Posts Similar Suspect Sought in Robbery of Third Aberdeen Liquor Store November 16, 2016 Humane Society of Harford County Celebrates Memorable Grand Opening Weekend; Guests Contribute $30,000 for Equipment November 16, 2016 Harford County’s “SOCKtober” Donation Drive Nets 3,500 Warm Socks, Hats & Gloves for Neighbors in Need this Winter November 16, 2016 Harford County Councilman Perrone: Possible Zoning Code Changes in Magnolia November 15, 2016 Northside Liquors in Aberdeen Robbed; Armed Suspect Sought November 15, 2016 Harford County Board of Education Nov. 14: School Achievement Data 2015-16; Quarterly Financial Report November 15, 2016 Aberdeen IronBirds Give Back to Nearly 300 Local Nonprofits Throughout 2016 November 15, 2016 Missing Link Secured to Unite Harford’s Popular Ma & Pa Heritage Trail November 14, 2016 Harford Community College’s Owl Magazine YouTube Channel is Best in the Nation November 14, 2016 Greater Bel Air Community Foundation Raises More Than $55,000 at 15th Annual Golf Tournament November 14, 2016 Boardman: Trump Win Offers Rare Opportunity for Big Peace Dividend to Lift Economy November 13, 2016 Harford County Public Schools Participates in Explore and Restore Harford Streams Program November 13, 2016 Applications Available for After-School Program at Edgewood Recreation and Community Center November 13, 2016 Harford County Health Department Encourages Participation in Great American Smokeout November 13, 2016 Harford County Sheriff’s Office Corrections Officer Charged with Theft November 10, 2016 Gov. Hogan Encourages Both Parties to Leave Behind Divisive Politics that Marred Election Season November 9, 2016 County Executive Glassman: Ballot Question A Makes “One Simple Change to Streamline the Organization Chart in the Executive Branch” November 7, 2016 ACLU of Maryland to Hold Voter Hotline On Election Day; Report Problems at 410-889-8555 November 7, 2016 Bel Air Coffee Talk Nov. 7: Election Day; Veterans Day; Liriodendron Book Talk November 7, 2016 Harford County Public Schools Kicks Off 2017 Teacher of the Year Program; Community Encouraged to Nominate November 4, 2016 Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (34) October 2016  (70) September 2016  (72) August 2016  (75) July 2016  (81) June 2016  (75) May 2016  (93) April 2016  (87) March 2016  (88) February 2016  (102) January 2016  (79) December 2015  (81) November 2015  (83) October 2015  (95) September 2015  (96) August 2015  (90) July 2015  (78) June 2015  (97) May 2015  (83) April 2015  (113) March 2015  (98) February 2015  (104) January 2015  (108) December 2014  (86) November 2014  (104) October 2014  (109) September 2014  (106) August 2014  (110) July 2014  (94) June 2014  (118) May 2014  (99) April 2014  (119) March 2014  (123) February 2014  (102) January 2014  (109) December 2013  (85) November 2013  (110) October 2013  (107) September 2013  (116) August 2013  (105) July 2013  (125) June 2013  (117) May 2013  (130) April 2013  (147) March 2013  (147) February 2013  (138) January 2013  (144) December 2012  (118) November 2012  (118) October 2012  (119) September 2012  (115) August 2012  (119) July 2012  (123) June 2012  (132) May 2012  (152) April 2012  (146) March 2012  (164) February 2012  (161) January 2012  (122) December 2011  (104) November 2011  (136) October 2011  (152) September 2011  (151) August 2011  (136) July 2011  (142) June 2011  (139) May 2011  (150) April 2011  (152) March 2011  (174) February 2011  (141) January 2011  (132) December 2010  (124) November 2010  (106) October 2010  (126) September 2010  (105) August 2010  (97) July 2010  (101) June 2010  (106) May 2010  (87) April 2010  (105) March 2010  (121) February 2010  (82) January 2010  (85) December 2009  (58) November 2009  (65) October 2009  (92) September 2009  (101) August 2009  (49) July 2009  (46) June 2009  (63) May 2009  (69) April 2009  (102) March 2009  (90) February 2009  (81) January 2009  (65) December 2008  (40) November 2008  (60) October 2008  (92) September 2008  (68) August 2008  (37) July 2008  (25) June 2008  (25) May 2008  (29) April 2008  (22) March 2008  (24) February 2008  (20) January 2008  (17) December 2007  (13) November 2007  (19) October 2007  (20) September 2007  (9) Extras About The Dagger Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sign up for The Daily Dagger Email Enter your email address to subscribe to The Daily Dagger and receive new articles by email. Enter your email address... Return to top of page Copyright © 2016 ·Dagger Press LLC · Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
About Us Newsletter Advertising Subscribe Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Fleet Owner Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Equipment Fleet Management Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats FleetSeek Resource Centers Driver Management Powertrain Maintenance Advertisement Home > Driver Management Resource Center > A picnic, a pat on the back: Arkansas shows some driver appreciation A picnic, a pat on the back: Arkansas shows some driver appreciation Emphasis on respect, and the need to educate the public Sep 16, 2016 Kevin Jones | Fleet Owner EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Arkansas Trucking Assn. Chairman Butch Rice and Gary Jaworski, a member of the Arkansas Road Team, direct traffic to Thursday's Driver Appreciation Day picnic. Related Media Money, happiness and truck driver pay Engagement key to lowering early driver turnover rates Truck Drivers: Where the jobs are, and what they pay N. LITTLE ROCK, AR. A steady flow of truck drivers took advantage of their midday break periods to follow the “Free Lunch” signs to the front parking lot at the Petro on I-40 here, where tents provided some relief from the late summer heat and where dozens of volunteers, TA-Petro staff, and performers said “thank you” during the Arkansas Trucking Assn.’s annual Truck Driver Appreciation day event. “One of the top three reasons drivers leave a company is they get no appreciation,” says Arkansas Trucking Assn. Chairman Butch Rice, President and CEO of the Stallion Transportation Group, as he waives a sign at passing drivers, shouting over diesel engine noise and truck horns to invite them stop in. “That’s a big deal to the them—a pat on the back.” And “it’s time,” he says, as fleets struggle to keep seats filled—and then pay a high price to replace drivers who leave. Stallion, which runs 74 company-owned trucks, has an annual turnover rate of 81 percent, Rice reports—well below the national average, but still significant enough to be very concerned about. Popular Now New overtime regulations: Are you ready? Reaching for driver retention solutions Breaking down the 2018 Freightliner Cascadia The problem for most fleets, he suggests, is that management is “wrapped up” in handling regulatory compliance and other operational issues. Rice says carriers need to have someone on staff dedicated to driver appreciation “to do it right.”  At Stallion, the company hosts monthly driver recognition events and maintains a company store for free merchandise, and they’ve also upgraded equipment, added benefits, and make sure drivers get home. But part of the problem is how easy it is for driver’s to leave, he notes. “There’s not too many industries where you can quit at 8 o’clock and be working somewhere else by 12,” Rice says, then notes it’s not unusual to get applications from drivers with work histories from a half dozen companies over the past couple of years—and, if they’re qualified, it’s hard to turn them down. “You could do a hundred loads perfect, but if the driver has one bad day, they know they can turn a truck in and go right down the street and get another job. We have to mind our ‘P’s and ‘Q’s and we work at it.” Indeed, driver retention is a two-way street, agrees Gary Jaworski, a driver for Walmart Transportation and a member the Arkansas Road Team. For Jaworski, the most important thing a company can do to show appreciation is to make good on home-time promises. “People really want to spend more time with their families, to stay connected with the people they love,” he says. “Most drivers love their jobs, but they love their families more.” He’s been with Walmart for 25 years, and he believes driving jobs for Walmart are sought after not just for the industry-leading pay, but because pay is just one way the company “treats us with respect.” “They’re always asking, ‘what can we do to make your job better?’” Jaworski says. “If we have an issue or have a problem, they’re there to resolve that issue. And it doesn’t always work out in our favor, but they look at ways to make sure we’re happy and the customers are happy. There’s a mutual respect—that’s one reason I continue to work there.” This year’s Driver Appreciation Day would feed some 600 truckers, estimates ATA President Shannon Newton. As an association leader, she tries to keep members informed as to best practices for retaining drivers—and she points out the driver appreciation event pre-dates any driver shortage. She adds that volunteers turn out to serve the drivers each year knowing that very few of the hot dogs, hamburgers, and gift bags are going to Arkansas truckers. More important than picnics, however, is the need for state and national trucking associations to educate the public about the critical role professional drivers play in the economy. “People need to understand the lifestyle, and that drivers choose to make a living doing this—they need to understand that there are human beings involved, people with families, that are driving those trucks that are delivering the groceries,” Newton says. “It’s important to overcome the perception of the industry, which is sometimes negative by default. If we’re successful, people will be more empathetic and more appreciative of drivers—and that benefits everyone.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Truck Driver Appreciation: Walking the walk Celebrating National Truck Driver Appreciation Week New research shows trucker time off pays off Drivers can watch live and pre-recorded shows with EpicVue inMotion Hiring show producer: Trucking "gets" veterans Advertisement Current Issue Lubricants: A New Dawn Rethinking trailers Smarter shipping: Deeper data dive CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE Related Products Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Advertisement Resource Centers Hungry for more? Visit our Resource Centers for more! Advertisement FleetOwner.com News Equipment Fleet Management Fuel Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Fleet Owner Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search FleetOwner.com Search: FleetOwner Magazine FleetOwner Related Sites American Trucker FleetSeek Trailer-Body Builders Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Why Nordstrom is likely to succeed where Target failed: Olive The U.S. department store's online savvy is only the beginning. Opening day drew a crowd to the doors of the new Nordstrom store at Toronto Eaton Centre on Friday.  (Andrew Francis Wallace/The Toronto Star)   By David OliveBusiness Columnist Fri., Sept. 16, 2016 Two years after the spectacular flameout of Target Canada, why would another U.S.-based department store merchant, Nordstrom Inc., take a chance on the often perilous Canadian market? Seattle-based Nordstrom, which opened its first GTA store Friday at the Toronto Eaton Centre and opens a second store at Yorkdale Shopping Centre next month, is also an upscale merchant chancing a Canadian market that did not support discounter Target. At a time when Canadian household debt is at near-record levels, the Target Canada post-mortem of analysts that Canadian consumers are skin-flinted would seem to augur poorly for Nordstrom. The same applies to Lowe’s, the U.S. hardware and home furnishings chain, and the venerable Quebec department store chain La Maison Simons, also rolling the dice on Canadian expansions. But that hasty Target Canada post-mortem was wrong. A Target struggling with unprecedented problems in its home market failed to do its homework on Canada. It offered prosaic goods available cheaper at Walmart Canada, and was chronically out of stock because of a dysfunctional distribution system. And it over-reached in its first non-U.S. market, starting out with 124 Canadian stores. That included haphazardly retrofitted former Zellers outlets in rundown malls, or hidden behind abandoned warehouses. Article Continued Below So far, Nordstrom has plans for just six Canadian stores, in Calgary, Vancouver, Toronto and Ottawa. Two years passed between the opening of Nordstrom’s first Canadian store, in Calgary, and the GTA store openings this month. Another year will pass before the 2017 opening of a third GTA store, at Sherway Gardens (another MVP mall). “We have a healthy dose of humility,” co-president Erik Nordstrom told Toronto Star business reporter Francine Kopun ahead of the firm’s Calgary opening. “We will look to respond to customer comments right off the bat.” In fact, Target’s loss of its entire investment in Canada, some $2.6 billion, said little about Canadian consumers, and a great deal about a Target coping badly with the first major reversals in its then 49-year history. Those setbacks included Target’s unwise shift away from the “cheap chic” offerings that had made it a viable competitor to Wal-Mart. The firm was also hit with one of the biggest security breaches in history when data on millions of its customers was hacked. Nordstrom’s winning formula, whose key is above-average customer service, hasn’t changed despite e-commerce and other innovations. And though it is publicly traded, Nordstrom is still a family affair, 115 years after it was founded by John W. Nordstrom as a shoe store in Seattle. Today the company is run by three “co-presidents” with the surname Nordstrom. To be sure, some retailers in Canada have stumbled, including Danier Leather, Le Château and Nine West. But upscale merchants Cartier, Hermès, Tiffany & Co. and Saks Fifth Avenue have done just fine. A financially stronger firm than Target, Nordstrom has the resources to make a success of its Canadian adventure. Revenues at Nordstrom grew smartly last year, to $18.9 billion, or 6.9 per cent. (All figures in Canadian dollars.) Nordstrom’s average annual revenue growth over the past five years is 6.6 per cent, impressive in a slow-growth era for department stores. Nordstrom is not without its challenges, including a stock price that has underperformed the U.S. retail/wholesale stock index since mid-2015. That’s a reflection of the firm’s five-year average annual profit growth of -2.4 per cent. Nordstrom’s traditional full-size stores, which still account for the bulk of company sales, are a drag on profits. They are caught in the same malaise afflicting the whole department-store sector. Specialty stores long ago began eroding department stores’ share of major product categories. And more recently, online shopping is also taking its toll. Amazon’s offerings are ever expanding. And “web-first” specialty online merchants are ubiquitous. Traditional retailers, from pharmacies to car dealerships, also have to contend with “showrooming.” That trend has consumers deciding on their purchase at a conventional store, but then buying the item elsewhere after doing an online price comparison. But Nordstrom has more staying power than its peers. Sales are booming at its more than 150 U.S. discount Nordstrom Rack stores, one of which is planned for the GTA’s Vaughan Mills shopping centre in 2018. And Nordstrom’s mainline stores are faring better than rivals. An industry-leading 62 per cent of Nordstrom’s mainline outlets are in the 95 “MVP” (most valuable property) shopping centres among America’s 2,101 malls. MVPs boast the most affluent shoppers. The comparable number for Macy’s is a mere 11 per cent. Nordstrom thus selected for its first Canadian store the Chinook Centre, Calgary’ largest shopping mall. The firm’s two GTA outlets, the Eaton Centre and Yorkdale, are also classic MVP malls. So is Sherway Gardens, where a Nordstrom is scheduled to open next year. ▶ American retailer Nordstrom opens its first Canadian store in Calgary with shoppers lining up for hours.(Todd Korol for the Toronto Star) Nordstrom has built one of the most formidable e-commerce infrastructures in retailing, from state-of-the-art distribution centres to specialized shopping apps. Today Nordstrom derives an astonishing 21 per cent of its revenue from digital sales, at a time when mediocrity marks the online presence of most conventional retailers. Nordstrom got a jump on e-commerce years ago by snapping up popular online merchants Hautelook and Trunk Club. It also gets a cut from the web-first merchants to which it provides space in its high-traffic stores, including Madewell, a fast-growing women’s casual apparel unit of New York’s J. Crew Group Inc. The combination of Nordstrom’s enviable locations and its prowess in e-commerce has made Nordstrom the first choice for web-first merchants seeking a bricks-and-mortar presence to increase their visibility. And Nordstrom continues to double down on e-commerce. It recently bought online men’s fashion merchant Bonobos. And it has taken an equity stake in Shoes of Prey, a digital retailer that enables women to customize shoes online. “Nordstrom’s high exposure to MVP malls makes it the most attractive wholesale distribution partner for both emerging traditional and online-born brands,” Credit Suisse analyst Michael Exstein wrote in a recent client note. As it happens, Nordstrom will bring to Canada something that even a successful Target Canada would not have, namely a treasure-house of quality and trendy brands, in addition to its lavishly appointed bricks-and-mortar emporia. The Nordstrom that opened Friday at the Toronto Eaton Centre boasts a cocktail lounge, espresso bar and children’s playhouse – amenities aimed at keeping customers in the store longer. If Target Canada is a case history of multi-dimensional failure, a Nordstrom that brings its first-in-class online savvy to Canada will force incumbent Canadian retailers to raise their game. It will be a free lesson on how to stay relevant in a volatile retailing world. Read more about: United States, Nordstrom The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Carrie Fisher reveals ‘Star Wars’ affair with Harrison Ford in 1977 Fisher spoke briefly with People about her three-month affair with Ford. At the time, she was 19 years old, and he was 33. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Newsletter FAQ | Cancel Any Time | We Value Your Privacy Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing Amazon Sabotages Its Own Black Friday Sales? Published Wed, Nov 26, 2014  |  Floyd Brown, Political Expert Amazon (AMZN) started Black Friday deals early, but don’t count me in this year. I’ve been a customer of Amazon almost from the beginning, when all they delivered were books. I don’t know how many thousands of dollars of merchandise I’ve ordered over the years, but it’s likely in the tens of thousands. I adopted Amazon because it fit my busy lifestyle. Instead of having to visit Wal-Mart (WMT) and hustle from aisle to aisle… just to wait in a long line to pay for my merchandise… Amazon allowed me to buy with a few clicks and find the product at my doorstep just days later. But after making its worst business decision ever, I will forever boycott using the site. And I might not be alone… At first, Amazon’s premium service, Amazon Prime, improved on the customer experience. With no shipping and two-day delivery, there was no way to beat it. My Amazon purchases exploded. In fact, I was so addicted to Amazon last year that I spent most of Black Friday on the site completing my Christmas list. No need to fight the crowds at the mall. No need for rain checks. Heck, they even delivered my out-of-town gifts directly to the intended recipient. All of this joy is over now, however… Serious Lapse in Judgment If you’re a regular Amazon customer, you’ve likely noticed a change. Amazon dropped the United Parcel Service (UPS), and it increased shipping with the United States Postal Service (USPS). Amazon made a deal with the Devil, and the customers are now required to pay. Let me explain… When the deal was announced, the U.S. Postal Service thought it was the lifeline it needed to survive. Since bills and most correspondence now come via email – and checks are often delivered by Automated Clearing House (ACH) – the USPS has lost its reason to exist. Mail volume has plummeted and most of the mail delivered these days never makes it past the trash can into the house. They’re bleeding financially. Now, Amazon pays huge delivery fees, and it’s looking to build its own fleet of trucks and vehicles to deliver packages. Instead, it thought it had a match made in heaven: Take the excess capacity of the USPS, and make it the delivery system for Amazon. Makes sense, right? But there’s a major problem with the equation. Amazon is going from being the best firm at delivering products… to being one of the worst. From Pick-Up Lines to Picket Lines In the past, the United Parcel Service would leave the parcels at your doorstep. Instead, USPS wants to cram it into your mailbox. But if you miss your mail for a day or the package doesn’t fit into your mailbox, you’re out of luck… the parcels end up back in the dead letter room at your local post office. So instead of delivery, the Amazon customer has to go to pick up the package at the Post Office. That’s a line even more dreaded than Wal-Mart’s. Americans hate standing in the USPS line. And this is what’s happening to thousands of Amazon customers around the nation. Instead of enjoying the delivery of Amazon Prime, you’re now faced with the hell of waiting in the line at the Post Office. What sounded like a good idea on paper is a disaster for the Amazon customer. I wonder if Jeff Bezos and the other leaders of Amazon know what they’re doing to their own customers. If this keeps up, they soon will. Your eyes on the Hill, Floyd Brown Newsletter FAQ | Cancel Any Time | We Value Your Privacy Related Articles Cyber Security: Five Firms Working to Squash Cyber Attacks Robotics: Germ-Zappers Are Saving Lives Profit From the Death of Cash With This Mobile Payment Leader Nuclear Weapons: Is the United States About to Shift Policy on “No First Use”? Comments (246) Lonnie Philpott says: November 26, 2014 at 6:29 am Not much different at UPS. Every time I order something it seems there is a reason why it cannot be left at the house so a trip to the UPS office is in order and their lines and lack of caring is as bad or worse than USPS. I, for one, get better service from USPS. [Reply] V Paiva Reply: November 26th, 2014 at 12:04 pm Not only is a trip to UPS as bad as USPS, but here where I live I have to travel to another city to the UPS terminal. There isn’t one in this city. [Reply] Heather Reply: January 27th, 2015 at 12:59 pm My issue with the USPS delivery is that to fulfill their Amazon two day obligation they mark the package as delivered when they never even came to my house. Has happened at least ten times. This is hurting small business owners who use USPS and then have to eat the coast of the first order. I’ve called the post office before and I know they are lying about the delivery and I say that I will report it to the shipper and they just say “go ahead”. They have to scan a bar code on my mailbox for mail delivery. Not sure why they wouldn’t have to do that for packages. It’s a total scam. [Reply] Richard Reply: March 26th, 2015 at 11:44 am I agree! This has happened to me as well. I was definitely home early and awaiting my package in the room where a knock or doorbell would have definitely been heard. Screw them. My item was cheap. I’ll just not pick it up at all and they have send it back costing them more labor as I order my item from some place else. I don’t mind picking it up if they had actually come and missed me but they definitely lied in my case. Mike Reply: April 23rd, 2015 at 7:31 pm This has happened to me several times recently. Our post office here in Corpus Christi says they “attempted delivery” but I was home each time and the doorbell never rang. I have had to wait until Saturday, when I am not working, to drive up to the post office to pick up my package. They have lost a priority mailed package and certified letter as well in recent weeks. I ask for a manager and the are always conveniently unavailable and never return my calls. I am done with USPS, and if Amazon doesn’t begin to offer options other than USPS I will cancel my prime membership and be done with Amazon. WhyMeLord Reply: August 8th, 2015 at 2:02 pm I can receive a package from China faster than I can a package sent one (small) town over. FWIW I can walk to that shipper’s location faster than USPS delivers. The problem has gotten so bad that on our purchase orders we advise vendors that any package shipped via USP is at their risk. USP tracking confirms the deliver two or three days BEFORE it is delivered. Complaints to Postal inspector are ignored. A letter to the Postmaster by name sent to the Washington Office the address was provided by my congress critter) was returned stamped “Addressee Unknown” david Reply: January 11th, 2016 at 10:21 pm The barcode they scan on your mailbox has nothing to do with your deliver of mail. That is scanned to show where they are at a given time and would be scanned regardless of whether you had mail or not. I’m curious why you people have so many problems having Amazon packages not delivered. 99% of the packages that Amazon sends out are sent “carrier-leave if not response” meaning the packages should be left whether you’re home or not. I’d drop that on the post office next time you call. Leaving that isn’t even optional for the carrier. great grandma Reply: February 13th, 2016 at 8:42 am Two companies that I ordered on line from,one sent UPS,but had them delivered to the Post Office,the other sent Fed Ex,who they also delivered to the Post Office.I will not order from either of these companies again.Ask who will be delivering your package,but make sure you ask if that company will be making that delivery to your home. Mike Reply: March 3rd, 2016 at 10:19 am Exactly right. This mostly happens for Sunday delivery. They simply will not deliver on Sunday. They lie about trying. I have been home and nothing was left on the door AND it was marked “LEAVE” which requires nothing else. Magically, the next business day they leave it at the door. Greg Brandeau Reply: December 30th, 2014 at 3:51 am I’m not sure if it is where I live (LA) or something else, but both USPS and UPS are terrific at leaving packages at my house that won’t fit in my mailbox and/or that need to be signed for. In addition, both UPS and USPS allow you to re-route your package or sign for your package on their websites. My experience with Amazon and USPS over the holidays has been fantastic! Same with UPS. [Reply] Andrew R. Reply: March 12th, 2015 at 7:50 pm I live in Baton Rouge, LA. I have had the same experience. However, my friends and family do not. I think it depends on the letter carrier and their delivery schedule. My packages always come to my doorstep on time. I have relatives that have home security cameras. We have evidence of the letter carrier leaving a notice in their mailbox instead of attempting a delivery. As a result of this, they only choose the one day shipping on Amazon so that UPS or FedEx will make a successful delivery. [Reply] Dawn N Reply: May 30th, 2015 at 9:54 pm I chose 1 day delivery, and it’s being shipped via USPS. JJthe DAGGER Reply: June 29th, 2015 at 8:45 pm I don’t get this. I’m a carrier with the USPS and I would rather deliver a package then sit in front of your mailbox and fill out a slip for you to pick the package up at the USPS, haul your package around all day and then haul it back into the office. I really can’t comprehend why any carrier would do this when most days you barely have any room to move. I question the validity of your responses. Think about what I just wrote because this leaving notices and hauling a full truck of parcels back to unload at the local USPS doesn’t sound realistic. I think most of you just have an ax to grind and decided to talk out of your rears. steven Reply: May 7th, 2015 at 8:56 am I work for the USPS and we are instructed to leave parcels at the doorstep unless it’s not considered safe or bad weather [Reply] Charlene Reply: October 21st, 2015 at 12:40 pm Well, you don’t work for every state now do you! People are not going to find the time to come on here and make a crazy remarks for the fun of it. I have been a amazon customer since 2000 and postal service has slacked off for about a year now in my area. I don’t get my packages left on my premises even though its secured and of course I am the one who is placing the order so I am fully aware that I would not be home to receive it. People do work and that was the benefit for becoming a prime member in the first place and be able to enjoy the 3 day delivery. Even now requesting redelivery attempts are not made until after my 3 requests on the USPS website. I don’t see the logic is wasting gas to come all the way to my home just to go back and dump it at the post office. If this is the method that supervisors are telling their workers to get people to come into the Post office then its a dumb idea. I can have a tiny amazon package that has a scented oil in the box go back to the post office! It’s ludicrous. Sm Reply: November 28th, 2015 at 4:50 am Same here. Been with USPS for a year. Its a total pain in the a$$ to bring parcels back with me. The only way I do is if the business is closed or it’s a signature confirmation and they weren’t home. RachelK Reply: February 7th, 2016 at 10:33 am The issues we have with nondelivery are that the carrier doesn’t even bring the packages, because my spouse has met him at the mailbox while he was filling out the slip and my spouse asked where the package was and the carrier responded that he left it back at the post office. We’ve also had A LOT of packages stolen, even spoke with an 1811 who said they are aware there are a lot of thefts going on and there is an active investigation (in other words, tough luck to us.) As I type this, I’ve had a puppet that I ordered for my play therapy kit marked as delivered, and it never was. Sadly, most of what disappears through the Houston Street office is toys (both sending and receiving.) and identification (My husband was notified that his DL was being used by someone else, the DL that disappeared at the Houston St office 3x.) I will probably order my books and play therapy stuff through other sellers that use UPS or Fed Ex. My Amazon Prime account though, I may just not renew because we never use it like netflix, and with everything going through USPS (meaning I may not get everything) it’s not worth the money. Joe Reply: July 2nd, 2015 at 4:21 pm I’m on hold with UPS right now and Amazon and I are begging them to allow store pick-up as I won’t be home to sign for the package. Instead of working with Amazon to fulfill MY request, this is supposed to be about me I thought, UPS is insistent they most uphold the terms of their contract with Amazon though we are requesting flexibility to fulfill my request. I guess it’s more important that the contract, which I’m not party to, be upheld despite Amazon’s request then the sale be completed. I thought “the market” was about responsiveness to customer needs? [Reply] sam Reply: October 26th, 2016 at 7:45 pm The customer you refer to is not the receiver of the package; for the delivery company their customer is the shipper who pays the postage. Terry Lamb Reply: January 19th, 2015 at 1:53 pm I think this author has been smoking something! Here it is, MLK day and the USPS just 2 packages at my front door. I get excellent delivery service no matter how they ship my order so go boycott all you want! [Reply] Numnutz2005 Reply: February 22nd, 2015 at 6:23 pm Thats imposible dude….usps delivers NO packages on MLK day so if your going to lie at least make sense. Their holiday schedule is posted on their site too. [Reply] Mike Reply: February 23rd, 2015 at 4:13 pm I work for USPS. We worked MLK day. Amazon packages go 365 except christmas and thanksgiving. Whether we deliver mail or not that day, Amazon goes. Paul Reply: October 12th, 2015 at 10:34 am its Columbus day, my carrier just made a delivery from amazon, spoke with carrier, she told they are required to deliver all amazon packages, my regular mail was not delivered today William Doores Reply: February 25th, 2015 at 2:36 pm Speak for yourself Mike. I can’t get a package delivered by the Post Office. I think it is mainly because my carrier is too lazy or too stupid to do his job. I NEVER use the Post Office to mail a package. Some of them couldn’t pour piss out of a boot. [Reply] Jo Reply: July 3rd, 2015 at 8:10 pm You don’t know what you are talking about, William Doores. Calling a carrier lazy or stupid…? Grow up a-hole… sam Reply: October 26th, 2016 at 7:49 pm This idiot William Doores needs to go to work at USPS and see what it is all about☺ Noah Reply: March 4th, 2015 at 5:07 pm My thing is if I wanted to go out and get something I purchased on amazon I would’ve just gone to the store. What I see is packages going straight to the post office for pickup so I can sign for them here as if I couldn’t do that if the mail man brought it here anyway. [Reply] Mego Reply: July 15th, 2015 at 6:56 pm I am a Seattleite that is fed up with this “deal with the devil” Amazon has made with USPS. Amazon’s poor choice of shipping results in many lost hours & frustration to me, the customer. As a business owner, the hours I spend tracking down shipments, calling their customer service for refunds, not to mention the time I spent researching and ordering the items I chose to begin with – makes AMAZON the most COSTLY PLACE for me to spend money anymore. USPS will not even get out of their truck to walk a package to your front door. Nor do I have an option of choosing a delivery method that is reliable for me, the CUSTOMER. I just spent 45 minutes on the phone to cancel almost $700 worth of merchandise I purchased within the last couple of days. I received that same text message everyone else is talking about here: “Delivery Attempted: We were not able to deliver your Amazon package with Fujitsu ScanSnap IX 500 Scanner and 4 other items. We’ll try again tomorrow. Then it leaves tracking information.” When I log into my account it says I need to look for the Notice left on my door for further instructions. No Notice. Why? Because they didn’t even bother to get their lazy you-know-whats out of the truck to walk to the door. I have been waiting since 8:00 this morning and it is now 3:50 pm (PST) Nobody even ‘attempted’ to deliver and they couldn’t care less about the time Amazon’s customer’s waste away from work or other important parts of their lives as AMAZON & USPS continue to disappoint again and again. For condominiums (aka multifamily housing) USPS will only drop everything off at an office location on site wherein it is immediately lost, broken or only open during business hours – which are the same hours everyone else is at work! This is ridiculously frustrating and absolutely NOT “Customer-centric.” I used to have a lot of respect for Jeff Bezos and his philosophy to build a business by creating it from the customer point of view. Obviously he hasn’t googled his own shipping problems for quite a few years as rants about this same issue go back for years. This is nothing new and Amazon stands silent on the issue IGNORING THEIR CUSTOMERS. There are plenty of alternatives and AMAZON PRIME isn’t really worth much without the 2-day shipping guarantee. Buying from e-bay or a MULTITUDE of other online retail stores not to mention just walking into a local store is so much less frustrating and much more satisfying for my overall customer experience. Shame on you Amazon. This Seattleite is taking her business elsewhere from now on. You owe your customers a public apology for this fiasco. [Reply] Jen Reply: September 6th, 2015 at 4:29 pm Amazon bans you permanently from buying on their website if you complain or return items as well! Their attitude is basically you take what we give you regardless of what the terms were when you ordered, or you can stick it you-know-where. Customer-centric – haha what a joke! [Reply] Bmack Reply: August 27th, 2015 at 10:20 pm I work at a post office in Youngstown, Ohio and I ALWAYS choose UPS or FedEx when I have the option. I told my Postal manager that 2 Amazon Prime packages were not delivered. He just laughed! [Reply] Frank Reply: September 19th, 2015 at 9:30 am I don’t care how my items come ups or fed ex I just prefer not the postal service. The idiots that deliver my mail can’t read. On this route we have yelled for years about wrong house number or wrong street on the mail. For some reason they can’t read the whole address when you call to complain all you get is we got a new carrier again since this walking house to house is too hard for one to stay on the route. I can’t even tell you how many deliveries have been lost both that I know about and never knew. I try to get everything shipped ups instead of USPS at least I know they will deliver it. If I ship something out I have to go to the post office and pay the extra signature required just to make sure it goes to the right place. I laugh every time I see those commercials about the USPS dedication to your mail. I understand there may be mistakes once on awhile but this happens every week for over 3 years now. [Reply] K. Miehl Reply: December 19th, 2015 at 1:13 am I have lost 2 packeages for my Christmas orders within 2 weeks !!!! This has never happened to me before, with Amazon using UPS for delivery. This is Frustrating and Unbelieveable !!!! >:( [Reply] Vinny d Reply: February 12th, 2016 at 4:17 pm Placed order on Amazon. Product coming from Vegas to Connecticut USPS said delivery Febuary 11. Was sent feb 8. Just got email it’s in California. I’m dropping Amazon [Reply] Dr. Clark says: November 26, 2014 at 6:34 am I’ve noticed a few other things. Packages are being sent through FedEx and when the package reaches the nearest city they are given to the USPS adding 3 more days to the shipping. In addition, if a product doesn’t work, the customer has to pay for return shipping and the customer is charged for the original shipping on top of it. Therefore, I ended up paying $8 for a product I don’t have. [Reply] Veronica E Lowe Reply: February 2nd, 2015 at 1:20 pm that handoff only occurs when you use free super saver shipping. this article is about amazon prime. that said, however, I’ve had no problem with either one being left at the door. and have always received any packages with guaranteed delivery dates, on that date. [Reply] Namma Reply: February 6th, 2015 at 11:38 am That’s not true. I’ve been a Prime member for three years and the last seven month have been horrendous in getting a package delivered. One even was labeled Parcel Post even though I have never changed my default Prime Membership shipping method of 2 days. My last order was sent UPS Ground. Amazon is experimenting, however, they fail in that there is NO feedback and no way for the customer to insist on not using certain methods such as SurePost, SmartPost, etc., etc. WE, the customer, KNOW our delivery carriers strengths and weaknesses and Amazon DOES NOT. Nor is there a direct mechanism in place for Amazon to collect customer feedback about shipping and take the no doubt thousands of complaints up with their “shipping partners” as being violations of the contract, IF they included this in the contract. Hopefully they aren’t that stupid. If this continues I will quit Prime. There’s no point to it since the offerings on the remainder of Prime seem to fit a much younger demographic and are not to my taste. Businesses NEED to remember that they NEED the customer more than the customer needs them. If you doubt this simply search – DIY – and see the resurgence in making things on your own cutting out the merchant and the delivery nightmare that many have resorted to. 543 millions results are about what you will get. [Reply] Andrew R. Reply: March 12th, 2015 at 8:00 pm I completely agree. I don’t understand why the customer can’t be given the option to choose the shipping carrier as opposed to the delivery time. All three carriers are more than willing to negotiate and Amazon already has a built in shipping calculator. I wish Amazon would have the options laid out plain and simple, instead of letting the system or seller choose one by default. Example: What Amazon Currently Has: 1 Day Shipping- $3.99 (Guaranteed by March 14, 2015) 2 Day Shipping- FREE (Guaranteed by March 15, 2015) Standard Shipping – FREE (Guaranteed by March 20, 2015) What I Would Like: UPS Next Day Air- $4.99 (Guaranteed by March 14, 2015) FedEx Standard Overnight- $3.99 (Guaranteed by March 14, 2015) USPS Priority Mail Express- $3.99 (Guaranteed by March 14/15, 2015 depending on location) UPS 2nd Day Air- FREE FedEx 2Day- FREE USPS Priority Mail 2/3 Day- FREE UPS Ground- FREE FedEx Home Delivery- FREE USPS Parcel Select- FREE, $1 Back on Prime Membership Cost This way the customer has the option of choosing the delivery time AND shipping carrier. David Reply: June 3rd, 2015 at 8:28 pm Are you high? You can’t understand because your clueless of what the actual cost of shipping is, that’s made abundantly clear with this UPS Next Day Air- $4.99 (Guaranteed by March 14, 2015) FedEx Standard Overnight- $3.99 (Guaranteed by March 14, 2015) USPS Priority Mail Express- $3.99 (Guaranteed by March 14/15, 2015 depending on location) USPS offers flat rate boxes at 44$ But you somehow think your 99 bucks means that amazon should eat 40 bucks. Mego Reply: July 15th, 2015 at 7:00 pm Well said, Namma Tim Reply: August 30th, 2015 at 2:57 pm I agree. Amazon should allow the customer to choose the method – company, speed and cost – of shipping items they want. If you like priority mail, choose USPS, if you like UPS or FEDEX choose them. The company’s shipping matrix is broken. sam Reply: October 26th, 2016 at 7:57 pm GET OFF YOUR REAR END AND GO SHOPPING!!!!! THIS WHOLE COMMENT SECTION SOUNDS LIKE MY TWO 5TH GRADERS Steven Palmer Reply: December 5th, 2015 at 7:36 pm Just purchased 2 separate items. I used Amazon.com credit card, then it says use the free 2 day since I have prime. Dec 1. it says 2 day, plus I checked weekends are good, too. Friday gets here, no package. Then it is changed to Sunday. They apparently kept driving from central California, past Albany, Oregon another 1.5 hours to Portland. Then took the package all the way back to Albany, close to where I live. I gave them both my Box number and my physical address to make sure I get it. What could go wrong? They locked up my package in Albany and changed it to Dec 8. Now my 2 day delivery is locked up 20 minute from me and will be one week late. Screw Amazon, screw UPS! Screw Amazon credit card. I don’t need them. I have 50 CC’s, others with zero balance. Shove Amazon prime! 15 years of doing business with Amazon, and it just goes downhill. [Reply] Karen Reply: August 20th, 2015 at 7:35 am I worked for UPS for 27 years and recently retired. I can pretty much guarantee that UPS is not losing Amazon. What is happening is UPS and FedEx is contracting with the post office to pick up these packages in bulk from the shipper like Amazon, deliver to the post office and pay $1.00 for each package delivered that can be put in a mailbox. If an address is scanned in the UPS system like a large box that won’t fit in a mailbox and a smaller package is going to same address they are delivered by UPS, but if a small package is the only one going to that address it will be taken to post office for delivery. As drivers we didn’t like this because it held up the package for a day and customers couldn’t understand why it said UPS was delivering but it came by USPS. We could never understand how this could be profitable but I can guarantee that if it wasn’t UPS wouldn’t do it. Hopefully I have cleared up some of this but I may have made it more confusing. [Reply] Joe Reply: September 18th, 2015 at 7:37 am That is completely right. UPS takes packages to almost every post office every day. They give USPS packages that are not cost effective for their delivery person to deliver. [Reply] i hate people Reply: January 4th, 2016 at 3:28 pm No, you guys are dead wrong. I work at USPS, and Amazon made a deal with USPS to allow them to deliver their packages on Sundays. FedEx, UPS, and most carrier companies don’t deliver on Sunday but the post office do now. This is a contract between USPS and Amazon, and it has absolutely nothing to do with UPS and FedEx, and they are losing out in the end. Tom says: November 26, 2014 at 6:48 am Maybe you order things too small. I ordered from Amazon just last week, and UPS delivered yesterday to me. However, much of what FedEx has been charged with delivering by sellers has been coming the final step via USPS. Almost everything that has FedEx charges, USPS delivers to me. [Reply] Dennis Rogers says: November 26, 2014 at 9:10 am Amazon prime is slow delivering some packages such as book up to a week and a half, I recently recieved an email thanking me for purchasing a program on amazon fire tv which I did not want when I tried to cancel the order I was informed it would cost $35.00 for something I did not order. Amazon and I do not do business at this time. [Reply] John Reply: March 4th, 2015 at 11:10 pm This the worse service I’ve ever had ordering from anyone. I order some compression shirts which I didn’t know coming from Korea , still in route two weeks later and was told I have 31 more days to wait. when ask for my refund I told when I get my stuff back you get your money back. which I’m sure will take 2 more months are longer. Make sure you read delivery date. Not shipping date. [Reply] Kodster says: November 26, 2014 at 10:10 am I don’t have any problem with Amazon… I’m a Prime member, and I specifically choose a street shipping address in order to get the expedited, guaranteed shipping of 2-days, because I have a PO Box, as well, and that’s my billing address. I’m REQUIRED to have a PO Box in the town I live in, since I live within the city limits. The only issue I have is with FedEx… if they do SmartPost (deliver to the post office, who in turn delivers to me), I don’t have any issues… however, if they are required to deliver directly to my home? Forget it. If I’m lucky, I’ll see the package a week later than it was supposed to be guaranteed to be delivered. UPS… no problems, right on time, and as expected. Point is, we ALL have issues with the delivery systems that Amazon contracts with. Until people get it in their heads that they, as well as we, are customers of each other, and should treat each accordingly (that Golden Rule… treat others as you would want to be treated yourself), nothing is going to change. [Reply] Ben Ther says: November 26, 2014 at 10:35 am I applaud Amazon for going with USPS. I am much more likely to purchase more from them because of it. And returns that you have to pay for is totally reimbursed. You’re not out anything. This is one area that could use some tweaking. It is aggravating to have to return something at your own expense but you don’t lose out in the end. Get over it, Floyd Brown. What this really is is right wing propaganda. I prefer USPS over any other shipper. [Reply] D Reply: December 12th, 2014 at 3:37 pm That doesnt work for everyone and some areas, including mine, have a terrible USPS system and no matter what I do, nothing changes. When Amazon shipped with UPS, everything was FINE. Now the problems are starting…Having to go to pick up my packages at the local PO. Missing packages that say delivered but end up being, you guessed it, at the local PO, etc…Never once did I have a problem with UPS. It has nothing to do with “right wing”. Whatever that is supposed to mean. [Reply] William Doores Reply: February 25th, 2015 at 2:40 pm I’ve had the same problem. Post Office sucks! [Reply] Vera C Reply: July 16th, 2015 at 8:40 pm YUP this has happened to my boyfriend. He ordered from Amazon and paid extra for next day shipping. The tracking showed delivered but there’s NOTHING. It also happened when my friend bought me a hardrive through Amazon with expedited shipping and tracking showed that it was delivered but there was absolutely NOTHING in my mailbox nor anything at front door, porch, ANYWHERE! ! And OF COURSE it just happened to me again! Tracking said that it was delivered Monday july 13,2015. And I haven’t seen my package ANYWHERE nor was there even any notices left for me!! I think that the mail lady here COULD POSSIBLY be stealing the amazon packages. Or she’s just so much in a hurry that she could have placed it with one of my neighbors packages. I’ve seen her scanning A LOT of packages ALL ONE AFTER ANOTHER and not put them in the mailbox after each scan. (I was tanning at the pool, mailboxes for our apartment complex is in clear view from the pool). I’ve received my neighbors packages with my packages SOOOOO many times before. I have the courtesy to just hand deliver them to the correct address (knocking at my neighbor’s door, if they aren’t home then I leave it at their front door) . That’s not my job to do that. But I do that only because I KNOW how it feels to lose a package. .. the USPS here in La Verne Had no phone number to call and complain to. No 800 number …nothing.. and the people at the post office don’t even bother to check. When my boyfriend went in there to try to pick up his package that was never delivered, the lady told him to come back later so that she has time to look for it. He came back a few hours later and she said she didn’t get to check yet. He asked her to please go and check, all she did was walk in the doors and walked right back out and said she couldn’t find it…. it’s like WTF??!! YOU DIDN’T EVEN BOTHER LOOKING AROUND AND DIDN’T ACTUALLY CHECK ALL YOU DID WAS WALK IN AND RIGHT BACK OUT OF THE DOORS!! … no manager was available to complain to. .. USPS F***ING SUCKS! ! AND IS ALWAYS LOSING PACKAGES! !! ANY PACKAGES THROUGH UPS IS ALWAYS on time and I’d any delays.. you would know. .. customers are always able to know where their packages are with UPS. … I’M SO SICK OF LOSING PACKAGES THAT ARE BOUGHT THOUGH AMAZON!! It almost seems like a scam. Especially when you have paid extra for expedited shipping! And suddenly never receive it but tracking shows delivered! ! Soooo shady!! [Reply] NotRightWing Reply: February 6th, 2015 at 10:10 am Why would this be “right wing propoganda” and why do you prefer USPS get the business? THAT sounds like liberal ideology to me. Allow me to clarify.. The US Post Office is NOT a government agency. they are quasi govermental. That means they skirt federal taxes (oops, liberals should be groaning). UPS and FedEx pay enormous amounts of federal taxes (yay!). So please help me understand your glee over an inferior service handling packages? [Reply] Ron Reply: July 12th, 2015 at 5:02 pm I’m a liberal and I despise USPS. I’ve already complained to Amazon about the decline in service since they dumped UPS and switched to USPS. Postal carriers are the worst. FedEx and UPS employees are far better and give far better service. And it has nothing to do with political ideology. Remember, the postal service was “privatized” years ago. [Reply] scott Reply: December 18th, 2015 at 10:05 am That never happened… Robbie Reply: February 21st, 2015 at 3:49 pm I have to agree with Floyd Brown. I am disabled and cannot get to the mailbox every day. I used to enjoy getting everything delivered to my front door. Now I have to deal with a crammed mailbox and trips to the post office to collect packages that cannot fit in the mailbox. I have been a huge customer of Amazon Prime since it was initiated but if these USPS deliveries continue, I will be canceling it. [Reply] MARK says: November 26, 2014 at 10:53 am My experience is that if it doesn’t fit in the mailbox, it’s either rubber-banned to the front of it, or left on the doorstep. [Reply] Robbie Reply: February 21st, 2015 at 3:50 pm That is not my experience. USPS hold packages at the post office in my area. [Reply] joel says: November 26, 2014 at 11:22 am Another problem with Amazon is that there is always a minimum $4 shipping charge (and state tax). You can usually get the same item on Ebay for basically the same price with no shipping charges and tax free. [Reply] Veronica E Lowe Reply: February 2nd, 2015 at 1:22 pm it’s not tax free just because you weren’t charged tax when you bought it. your state still charges you that tax, they just count on you to pay it yourself. which you’re not doing. you’re not getting it tax free, you’re dodging taxes. [Reply] Rand A. Martin says: November 26, 2014 at 12:16 pm I have been employed at the USPS since 1974. I always leave packages at the door. The only exception is inclement weather (I leave my personal cell number so a customer can call me for a re-delivery the next day) or someone has requested that the package not be left. If you want your packages left at the door, simply go to USPS.com and request that the carrier leave the package. Now that isn’t so hard, is it? [Reply] Kit Reply: December 20th, 2014 at 3:46 pm Rand you can suck it. The post office does not follow instructions. They should go out of business. [Reply] Windy Reply: December 23rd, 2014 at 9:12 pm My mom and dad both work at the post office. My delivery man rams my Amazon packages into my mail box, and I have extreme difficulty getting them out. The door is also left wide open because the package is hanging out four inches or more. I can send you a picture of this. It infuriates my mom who takes the extra time to put a package on the front porch (which I have). My mail man is lazy. Yes, we have reported him twice, and he still does not care. [Reply] Jeff Reply: March 23rd, 2015 at 7:18 am I’ve gone to my local post office a number of times — to request that my letter carrier manage to deliver my packages and other mail to me, instead of my neighbors. I’d also prefer that my neighbors’ mail not end up in my mailbox. Lately I’ve come to think of myself as an unpaid USPS employee, who has taken on the job of re-delivering packages mis-delivered by my carrier. This, despite having mailbox at my curb with two-inch-high letters with my street number. UPS messes up, too, just not as often. [Reply] Hon Kevin Madison Reply: April 11th, 2015 at 4:00 pm Rand, we are not complaining about PROFESSIONAL POSTAL CARRIERS (1 in a 10), the lazy carriers and contract carriers who just stuff the attempted delivery slip in our mailboxes and don’t even attempt a delivery to our residence!! It is maddening. Our previous carrier was AWESOME and he was so frustrated with USPS he quit after a decade of working for USPS. It must be maddening absolutely maddening for good carriers like you to have your reputations tarnished by the lazy idiotic carriers who don’t care. God Bless You! [Reply] Frederic Hilnbrand says: November 26, 2014 at 1:35 pm I have never had a problem getting my orders from Amazon. EVER!! The last package that was ordered last 11/18/14 arrived on 11/23/14. Their prices can not be beat by Wal-Mart or anyone else. So as far as I am concerned I have NO problems and usually my shipping is free. I do not see a reason not to continue to do business with them. Maybe what you are ordering is something that they do not stock and has to come from someone else. If and when I have a problem then at that time I will contact them and see what they do. [Reply] Luke says: November 26, 2014 at 4:03 pm Fantastic. UPS has one of the worst services. On Monday I ordered a product from Amazon at around 1:00pm. I was expecting a two-day delivery (I’m a Prime customer). Guess what? The package came next day at around 5:00pm. Since USPS workers can access apartment buildings they can reach your apartment directly. This a problem for FedEx and UPS. The difference is that FedEx does allow you to pick up your package after certain hours. Good luck doing this with UPS. Overall, I’m glad that Amazon is not using UPS anymore. [Reply] THE POSTMAN says: November 26, 2014 at 4:11 pm Mr. Brown you can calm your nerves. The USPS has instructions (at least in south east Texas) to leave any Amazon package at the customers door, no matter what. So if you have the type of address where the postman has access to your front door, the package will be left. Have you communicated with your postman? Simple, DIRECT communication with your postman goes a long way to getting those Amazon packages delivered right. [Reply] LINDA Reply: December 15th, 2014 at 1:38 pm Hey Postman, how can I get my mailman to deliver? My Amazon Prime membership now gets me Delivery notices that show delivered but no package. Then if I go to the USPS site it says left at mailbox, which is on a main state highway. The new carrier I have can’t even close the door on the mailbox let alone bring something to my porch like the old carrier did. [Reply] Windy Reply: December 23rd, 2014 at 9:14 pm My post man does the same thing!! He is so lazy. He stuffs a package in my mail box that I have difficulty removing. The door will also not close because the package is too big and sticks four inches or more out. I have reported him twice with no luck. [Reply] Jonathan says: November 26, 2014 at 6:55 pm What is your source for Amazon dropping UPS? I too received a package from Amazon prime via UPS. A light weight package too 2.5lbs. [Reply] Poloko says: November 26, 2014 at 8:18 pm I have been more than thrilled with the service USPS provides with my parcels ordered on Amazon. Never had to make a trip to the post office and most packages arrive within 2 days. My Amazon orders have increased 100% since USPS began delivering them. If your packages go back to the dead letter room at the post office then you have a problem with your post office not USPS as a whole. [Reply] William Doores Reply: February 25th, 2015 at 2:45 pm I think many of the positive responses are being made by Post Office employees. Some of them just out and out lie like saying the package was delivered when it was not. It’s no wonder they are going broke. Good riddance. By the way, don’t tell me to call their supervisor, they don’t answer their phone. [Reply] Robert Pierce says: November 26, 2014 at 9:31 pm My amazon packages shipped via USPS were at my door next to others that came UPS. Overall I’ve had more issues with fed-ex and UPS shipments than USPS. I also recall UPS and Fed-ex failing amazon last Christmas while USPS met the demand. [Reply] Constitutionalist says: November 27, 2014 at 5:04 am I was happy to see this article and that somebody else loathes what Amazon has done. I used Amazon frequently and have been shopping elsewhere now as the delivery time, with their free shipping and use of the USPS, deliveries are usually about 8 days now to my rural address. With UPS, it was 4 to 5 days which is ok to me. [Reply] jen jen says: November 27, 2014 at 6:45 am I boycotted Amazon because they support the big government Democratic party. [Reply] kenneth says: November 27, 2014 at 7:04 am I not sure what is going on with the usps in your city, but the usps is has been delivering most of my amazon purchase for a while now. They always leave the oversized packages on my door step. I also receive my package before ups would deliver them since ups doesn’t come by until after 7pm most nights. This is great news for me that the bulk of shipping will be carried out by usps. [Reply] Tom says: November 27, 2014 at 9:55 am Mr. Brown: sounds like your typical USPS hating republican. Keep up the good work making USPS look bad when their hands are tied because of brilliant legislation by your fellow republicans. [Reply] Jeff W says: November 27, 2014 at 10:18 am I don’t know who the author of this piece is but his bias against the USPS is pretty obvious. Also, he is completely wrong about how USPS delivers. I have worked at the USPS for 20 years , the last 8 have been in a branch office. I see Amazon packages everyday, brought to us from both fed ex and UPS for last mile delivery. On average between both carriers about 500-600 parcels a day, many more right now. I am also a loyal amazon prime customer, and have been for more than 5 years. Gotten many things from them as well. First of all, UPS still delivers Amazon. It does depend on size since UPS started doing dimensional pricing. If it is small, they will probably not deliver. But in some cases they do. I see people everyday come in our PO, complain about our price and say they are going to UPS. They always come back. As far as your package delivery, we leave parcels at places all the time! I have no idea where you live, but unless it is in a place where the carrier think it is unsafe, they will leave that parcel. If they don’t call and complain. Personally I would rather have someone who cares about my security than just leaving it and going. Also, sign the notice left for you and they will received. Happens all the time. This is really another case of some anti federal government idiot who thinks life would be better and his prices lower if we did not exist. We are the only ones that will deliver to every address. That is why the others drop off to us…they can’t deliver to certain places and keep costs down. If we weren’t around, you would be paying through the nose or driving to a centralized pick up point for your parcels. And as far as waiting at the PO for stuff, management has cut our staffing back so much that we cannot keep our unit fully staffed. That is a whole different issue that I would love to discuss with this moron. Bottom line, we do it right and it most cases cheaper. If he has problems I dare say they are of his own creation. This article was a biased piece of untruths and blather. [Reply] Ron W Reply: December 27th, 2014 at 10:43 am Jeff says they do it cheaper than fed-ex or ups. What about the Billions of dollars the post office lose each year. If they had to make a profit like private business does to stay in business. These billion dollar losses have to be paid sooner or later by the tax payers. The USPS would be higher than private services if they had to recoup their cost of doing business and having taxpayers pay. [Reply] Brian Reply: January 25th, 2015 at 1:19 am Usps does not receive any taxpayer money. Do your homework before you say stupid things. Since 2006, the Post Office has been legally required to pre-fund health benefits for future retirees at a cost of around $5.5 billion a year. The only business or branch of the government forced to do this. And none of the is taxpayer money. [Reply] Chas Reply: December 27th, 2014 at 2:40 pm Going with USPS major mistake, at least in my area. Prime 2 day takes 3 to 5 days using USPS. I’ve had a number of packages that “track your package” says it will be delivered by such and such day by 8pm, no way USPS delivers that late. Tracking say delivery attempted- couldn’t leave unattended. In variably the package appears the next day in or on my mail box which several hundred feet from my house next to a major expressway. A Macbook Air was left “unattended” on top of mail box in the rain. Found it before water had reached the laptop. Waiting today for package tracking says will be delivered by 8pm today, BS, won’t see it till Monday. [Reply] Chaupt Reply: February 18th, 2015 at 9:06 pm If the box is say 40-50lbs, USPS has either left if in the middle of my driveway so I have to get out of my car to remove it, or they put an “attempted delivery” notice in my mailbox and make me drive out of my way to go get it after standing in line to turn in the slip and waiting for them to find where the box was stashed and then get a dolly to roll it out to me. Amazon! This is not acceptable. And, yes, I have had the trouble of them smashing items that don’t really fit into the mailbox too! Had to actually cut one apart piece by piece to get at the item inside!! [Reply] Robbie Reply: February 21st, 2015 at 3:52 pm I don’t know if it’s regional or not, but the USPS carrier for my area will not leave any packages at the front door. If it won’t fit in the mailbox, it goes back to the post office. I am disabled and cannot get to the mailbox every day. Things were much better for me when Amazon used UPS and I could get everything delivered to the front door. [Reply] Dan Reply: April 23rd, 2015 at 6:26 pm I don’t have an issue with my carrier, but the USPS has gotten so slow in my area, its plain ridiculous. It takes 7 days for a letter to get from Florida to Maine. Packages that use the USPS take 3-5 days longer than with UPS/FEDEX. Why does it take 2 days for a package to be delivered by my local postman? They tell me it’s because Amazon and some other stores use palletized shipping. It’s great if you are served by a post office serving thousands, but the rural post offices get the stuff when UPS/FEDEX feels like dropping off a pallet. Small PO’s may not get a pallet every day. It’s all about saving money, and I understand, but deliver that slow should be much cheaper than regular FEDEX or UPS. [Reply] Jenna says: November 27, 2014 at 4:32 pm I completely disagree!! It really depends on what you have ordered. I love Amazon like you do. And my brother has an Amazon prime membership as well. I have seen Amazon deliveries coming from UPS as well. I agree USPS delivers most of them BUT I can never blame them for poor service. Most of the times, my package is left at my front porch (behind a pillar) and my area has low theft rate (central CA). And in case the USPS employee takes it along, I do not encounter long lines- cause I know the USPS office opens at 8am when there will be no one there. If I am expecting a delivery today and I am too lazy to get it from the post office, then I’ll be sure to open my door when the postman rings my doorbell. I think Amazon is amazing as usual. Local post offices are closer to homes for a reason. And if they are really that FAR, and the lines are really that long 24/7, then shop at Walmart. 😉 [Reply] Dwiniger says: November 27, 2014 at 7:42 pm So true. Waiting on a watch now. Lost tracking of the item after 3 days when it went to Ohio by mistake. I paid for Prime. Item only needed to ship less than 100 miles from origin to my house. Instead it left the state and nobody knows why or can tell me when to expect delivery. Amazon Prime? USPS? What a waste. Amazon literally laughed at me when I called them. They said to reorder another one. Brilliant advice! Defines insanity right??? [Reply] Steve says: November 27, 2014 at 9:31 pm Normal people would just get on the internet at USPS.com and set up a new deliver date, or just call the toll free number to get the item redelivered. Floyd Brown isn’t the brightest light shining… [Reply] Robert says: November 28, 2014 at 6:52 am This article is absolutely stupid. Anyone can simply call the phone number on back of USPS notice and request a new delivery date or just sign the back and write in when you want your package brought back out, it has a section for that on back if you read the notice then simply put in your mailbox and flip up your flag and they bring it back out on day you request. No lines, No fuss…..I love that Amazon uses USPS now. I seem to get my stuff even faster now. [Reply] Annette says: November 28, 2014 at 7:52 am Starting with Floyd Brown, some of these comments are way off. The USPS does not return the amazon packages that do not fit in your box. As a matter of fact, carriers have specific instruction to leave the package at the door step even if no response at the door. Also, as for the FedEx packages that USPS delivers, it may take FedEx a week to ship to USPS; however carriers are required to deliver no later than next day. Track your shipment on the internet and you’ll see exactly what I’m saying. Stop trash talking, particularly when you obviously do not know what you’re talking about. Facts First! [Reply] Shannon Reply: February 17th, 2015 at 3:10 am Untrue, they WILL claim it doesn’t fit in the box. I was supposed to receive a package today but did not. The tracking shows a notice was left that it was undeliverable due to being too large for the box OR that my box was too full. My box was empty of anything, including a notice of any sort. The Amazon customer service guy told me on his end it showed USPS would deliver tomorrow. Everything the author complains about in this post, I have experienced. I am also fed up with Amazon Prime due solely to their use of our horrible local USPS. [Reply] Amy says: November 28, 2014 at 8:28 am I disagree with the post. I have been using Amazon like you from just about the beginning and yes I have noticed that USPS delivers a lot more, BUT I have never had a problem with packages left by my door or somewhere on my porch if it doesn’t fit. NOT once have I had to go to the post office to pick up. [Reply] Lenny Reply: December 15th, 2014 at 12:48 pm Wrong! USPS leaves a little notification in my mail box stating that I need to pick up the package. I have to leave work early to stand in line at the Post Office. More than six times so far since October of this year. It’s pure laziness. UPS and Fedex ALWAYS delivered to my door. like most, I’m at work during the day when deliveries are suppose to be made. Complaining to my local Post Office hasn’t helped. Coming home to a package waiting for me at the door was what made the Amazon ordering process great. That seems to be over now. I have a large number of co-workers that have the same complaint. Annette, it may be different from your experience however, please do a few Google searches and it will become clear to you that this is a problem for thousands of us. Maybe YOU should get the facts first. [Reply] Jamie F. says: November 28, 2014 at 8:36 am You know what’s worse than having to trek down to the postal service? Leaving a package outside my backdoor during a rainstorm that’s been going on for several days! No, not a freak, oops, it ended up raining, a serious rain storm! I’d rather travel a few miles to get my stuff from the postal service instead of having it ruined and get a “you don’t have insurance” excuse, which Amazon does not offer. [Reply] Jesse says: November 28, 2014 at 9:15 am I loved amazon, but now it seems like every order comes from USPS. I have never not had a bad experience with USPS. Unless they stop sending it with them and go back to the old way I will not continue my subscription and just get off my lazy butt and go pick the stuff up at the stores. [Reply] Jan says: November 28, 2014 at 9:21 am I haven’t had much trouble with Amazon, I get my kindle e books from them. Never a problem. Once in a while I order a regular book for my brother who is in prison and they follow through. I never had a problem with returns. They always give me credit back to my credit card and a return label. So Amazon is like everyone else: some like them, some don’t. [Reply] chad says: November 28, 2014 at 10:35 am I work for UPS and the USPS Amazon packages are parcel post and are too small for a driver to deliver it. Many times we deliver to a post office, a huge bag of letters and “smells” this is a way to help the post office out with business, and it helps UPS to focus on priority mail, ex. Next day air, Savers, two days, and just regular ground. When you have an organ on ice that is being shipped to a local hospital…..and you have the latest Nicholas Sparks book for a resident… It is easier to forget the book and give it to the mail service so you can focus on the priority. Hopefully this helps some of you understand this more. [Reply] Dustin Thomas says: November 28, 2014 at 3:48 pm I like the move to more USPS. I get my packages on Saturday or Sunday now when I’m actually home. My block has parcel lockers for when I’m not. UPS just “hides” them under the mat. Let’s be honest. USPS is cheaper anyway. They are lowering prices while UPS and FedEx are raising them. [Reply] Tiffany says: November 28, 2014 at 4:41 pm I think your article is very bias and left out much relevant information. I am an avid Prime user and I have many relatives that work for the USPS. You did not address the fact that you could actually schedule a redelivery online and make a request for the carrier to leave the package at your front step. You also left out that if you have to go to the USPS office for the package, they have a separate line (which is never long) for just picking up packages. Here’s another piece of info your “journalistic” writing failed to disclose: one of the reasons why Amazon did not extend their UPS contract is because they did not meet the 100% tracking protocol, while surprisingly, USPS did. Your article is full of misleading information. I wonder what your intentions were in writing this article? Maybe you want to SABOTAGE Amazon? Sorry, that’s pretty much impossible but your article is high up in SEO when I did a search for the USPS. Guess that was your strategy? [Reply] Quasi reporte^^ says: November 29, 2014 at 12:30 am What a misleading piece of ‘journalism’. Parcels are left at homes, notified via email of delivery time, and not brought back to a ‘dead letter’ office. Sheeeesh, do a little reseach into reality before relying on myths and/ or propagand. You got paid to do this? Sad. [Reply] Kelley says: November 29, 2014 at 12:38 am I’m preferring USPS these days because with UPS it ties me down waiting for the package whereas with the post office, the package goes in the mailbox and I can pick it up at my convenience. Also USPS packages move on the weekends while they stay put with UPS, which means sometimes the package arrives more quickly. To be fair, sometimes with the post office the pack comes more slowly. [Reply] Wendy says: November 29, 2014 at 12:53 pm I remember a few years ago the UPS strike had a lot of eBay sellers unexpectedly forced to use USPS. Quite a few stayed with USPS, finding UPS wasn’t the bargain they thought it was. As to the headache of standing in line for a package, that depends a lot on the LPO and the individual carrier. I’ve had carriers leave fairly large packages on a sopping wet driveway and fairly small packages held at the LPO. But I’ve rarely had to deal with long lines there. [Reply] Mike says: November 29, 2014 at 10:22 pm Floyd, take a 2nd think! You are obviously anti-USPS! I could tell you stories about white & brown! ALL carriers: brown, white, and red-white-blue, have their problems! And, exactly, where do you go to pick up that package that requires a signature from white or brown? Your U.S. Post Office is right there in your community and open. Have a problem with USPS? Call them and let them know. It is USPS policy to deliver those Amazon packages, and on Sundays in many communities. The USPS recognizes packages are their future. They are not perfect, but still provide a great service to us. [Reply] James Whitmore says: November 30, 2014 at 3:30 pm I am a rural mail carrier for the USPS who leaves parcels at doorsteps when they don’t fit in the mailbox – in addition, the recipient doesn’t have to be at home for me to leave the parcel at their doorstep – unless a signature is required. Other rural mail carriers at the post office where I work (Appleton, Wisconsin) follow the same procedure – we try to minimize trips to the post office whenever possible. I am sorry for your poor service and suggest that you contact your local postmaster, who hopefully will correct the problem. [Reply] Jerry says: November 30, 2014 at 6:32 pm First off, the USPS is the most economical way to ship packages. Second, the USPS services every home 6 days a week and is required by the postal regulatory committee. Third, the post office is actually is in the black 6 billion dollars because of its increase in parcel delivery. Forth, the post office provides free insurance and free tracking of your parcels which was a service that we charged for in the past. Maybe you outta get your facts straight before you bash the largest and oldest employer in the U.S.!!!! [Reply] Chris says: November 30, 2014 at 8:58 pm Every time that I have ordered from Amazon in the most recent past, it has been left at my doorstep by USPS. Packages have also arrived on-time or a day early. No issues in Chicago with needing to be picked up. [Reply] EMW Reply: January 19th, 2015 at 6:23 pm I feel the same. I have received all my packages on time with USPS. With UPS, I have to wait for one attempt for delivery, then let UPS know I want them to hold it, then travel to the UPS center across the river at limited times for pickup. I don’t dislike UPS or FedEx but I much rather USPS because it is more convenient. [Reply] Patricia Lynn says: November 30, 2014 at 10:46 pm I have the exact opposite opinion of this writer. My main concern is security. I DON’T want packages just left at the door, and that’s what UPS does. They either knock and immediately leave, or sometimes don’t even knock. I MUCH prefer having packages delivered to the apartment’s secure postal boxes, or having them delivered to my door by the USPS or any company OTHER THAN UPS, because none of them have ever just left a package outside my door where it might easily be stolen. I wish we were always allowed a choice of delivery method, because I would never choose UPS. [Reply] Pete says: December 2, 2014 at 1:31 am I usually get the packages delivered to my office address and I bring them home. That has been quite convenient for me. Pete [Reply] Denny says: December 4, 2014 at 10:17 pm I completely agreed. Just had 154 dollars refunded because the post office marked the items as delivered and I never got them. I decided not to purchase the items again and hit the stores. They are not only going to lose money but also customers. [Reply] Luke says: December 5, 2014 at 10:52 pm I agree with this article entirely. Amazon used to ship only small low cost items by Surepost and Smartpost. Now it seems almost anything can go this route. Here is a typical Surepost shipping experience for me, today is December 5th and the order seems to be lost. I have another just like it shipped a few days prior… December 3, 2014, 10:18 am, Statesville NC US A carrier delay has occurred December 3, 2014, 6:14 am, — Package arrived at a carrier facility December 2, 2014, 10:04 am, Statesville NC US Package has been transferred to the USPS and will be delivered by your local postal office December 2, 2014, 4:09 am, Statesville NC US Package arrived at a carrier facility December 2, 2014, 1:43 am, Statesville NC US Package arrived at a carrier facility December 2, 2014, 12:28 am, Greensboro NC US Package has left the carrier facility December 1, 2014, 8:25 pm, Greensboro NC US Package arrived at a carrier facility December 1, 2014, 5:02 pm, Spartanburg SC US Package has left the carrier facility December 1, 2014, 3:40 pm, Spartanburg SC US Package arrived at a carrier facility December 1, 2014, 3:23 pm, Spartanburg SC US Package has left the carrier facility December 1, 2014, 2:59 pm, Spartanburg SC US Package received by carrier December 1, 2014, 3:03 pm, US Package has left seller facility and is in transit to carrier [Reply] Gene says: December 6, 2014 at 4:52 am Strange, I haven’t noticed any difference as just this week I’ve ordered several things from Amazon using Prime and they were all delivered via UPS. Those who actually frequent real news sources, you know those that actually post sources or links to major announcements such as what you are claiming will know that Amazon is not carrier exclusive. During times of high volume such as Black Friday and Christmas Amazon will expand use of carriers they don’t typically utilize, such as the USPS. Another bonus is if you are a Prime customer and they are late delivering the package you can contact customer service (phone, live chat, and email work) and they will extend your Prime membership by a month or you may get a $10-15 credit to use. If you are not a prime member they will typically refund your shipping costs if it is late and shipped by Amazon. [Reply] Metatrox says: December 8, 2014 at 11:58 am I’m sooo disappointed with USPS. I signed up for prime primarily for the free 2 day shipping. USPS is not guaranteed! Thats not what I pay for! I cant count on them at all. I guess i’ll have to pay the extra for overnight in hopes to get it in 3 days or so! [Reply] Gallie says: December 9, 2014 at 3:26 pm Local USPS has a new contract w/Amazon to “leave if no response.” Several folks in my bldg have had their items stolen, just left on a doorstep on a weekend instead of a pick up at post office notice. [Reply] Joe Reply: December 18th, 2014 at 8:47 pm If you get a USPS account you can give delivery instructions on the tracking number page (eg authorize to leave with neighbor or custodian, put a hold on it etc.). It gets messed up if you do it before the item arrives at your local post office. UPS and FedEx accounts provide similar features. It doesn’t cost anything to sign up. [Reply] larry Reply: February 23rd, 2015 at 6:19 pm Amazon makes the USPS deliver rain or shine even when the front porch is not covered enough to keep parcels out of the rain. Amazon parcels are not brought back. [Reply] FlyEagleVA says: December 10, 2014 at 2:08 am Been a Prime subscriber for around five years. Can’t remember when something wasn’t delivered as promised. Customer service is great; if they make a mistake they usually give a gift card credit. Exchanges and returns are simple, just print the return label and drop off at a UPS Store. My packages arrive mostly by UPS still with an occasional FedEx. Since Prime is free two day shipping, if they don’t get it out of the warehouse in time, they overnight it FedEx at no extra charge to ensure I get it on the date promised. [Reply] jason says: December 10, 2014 at 2:28 pm I agree. Ever since they dropped UPS. I’ve had UPS come into my apartment and hand deliver me my package now I have to wait outside in the friggen cold to get my parcel which is ridiculous I’m a disabled person and this is irritating… [Reply] Melissa Craig says: December 12, 2014 at 8:20 am I don’t know why you are having a big issue, My mail carrier delivers directly to my door and gives me packages, and delivers on Sunday during the holiday. We love both our UPS and USPS carriers deliver well. [Reply] LINDA Reply: December 15th, 2014 at 1:46 pm Wish mine did. The old carrier was awesome, this new one is sooo lazy. He can’t even close the doors on the mailboxes. [Reply] Chris says: December 12, 2014 at 9:17 pm “Dead letter room”??? You don’t know much about the post office do you? I have delivered thousands of Amazon parcels, it’s a fantastic cooperation between UPS and USPS. They fly them to us and process them down to individual offices then drop them off for us to take out, which eliminates the outdated excuse that USPS ruins every parcel. Most of their parcels won’t fit in a standard mailbox, but that does not mean we take them back to the office. We get out and take them to wherever the customer asks to have their parcels placed, typically the door. I have yet to encounter a package from Amazon requiring a signature, but there really would be no difference between USPS and UPS in regards of a signature, if they aren’t there they get a notification which they can sign and put in their mailbox for re-delivery (something ups can’t do, since they can’t use our mailboxes) or go pick it up at the nearest location and, for rural customers especially, their post office is always closer than a ups facility. [Reply] Brian Reply: January 25th, 2015 at 1:32 am I also have delivered thousands of amazon packages to the door. And we deliver every package the day we get them. Even when UPS brings them late. And we deliver them on Sundays and holidays. And I have only seen one amazon package that required a signature. [Reply] Bill says: December 12, 2014 at 11:02 pm This article is clearly biased against USPS.. Maybe this guy has a lot of UPS stock? I am also a long time and frequent Amazon customer, and the recent change has actually improved my delivery. My UPS depot is on the other side of town, but I can walk to my post office. Also I have yet to have USPS not leave an Amazon package, but I have fought with UPS for years about why they won’t leave a package,. the surly attitude of their drivers, and the way they often smash packages. As much as I wish that Amazon would ditch UPS, I received Amazon packages in the last couple of days from UPS. I also get Fedex and Lasership delivery from Amazon, and have had only minor problems with all of them except UPS. [Reply] Gordon Reply: December 26th, 2014 at 11:27 am I haven’t ordered from Amazon since they switched to USPS but I don’t think they have gained anything. I have had packages delivered by UPS that it took a month to get them after UPS said it was delivered. It finally appeared out by the mailbox. In the mean time I let the vendor know and they sent me a replacement two times. I received 3 of the item before the first order was delivered. I never knew who had the first order. USPS puts the mail in the wrong mailbox until they are driving me crazy. A few days ago they delivered the neighbors mail to our mailbox. They have delivered our mail to neighbors a number of times. Once a check was delivered to a neighbor. It took a week for it to get to us. It had been opened and stapled through the check and the envelope to keep it in. Another time some medicine was delivered to one of the neighbors. Again it was opened before they gave it to us. I think the people delivering and the neighbors need to learn to read and stop opening our mail. [Reply] Michele says: December 13, 2014 at 10:26 pm Fact: Since Amazon signed the contract with the USPS, four (count them, four!) Amazon packages delivered to our Post Office box were immediately and without notification to us *returned* to Amazon as “undeliverable.” We have been Amazon Prime members since 2001. Amazon Customer Service was mortified. We have spoken numerous times to our post office staff, begging them not to do this, to simply do what they would do with any other package we receive (ie, put a notice in our box and we then pick it up). Each time they vacantly nod their head and say they will. Each time our Amazon (and ONLY Amazon) packages are returned without notice to us. And this time – the final straw – was all of the grandchildren’s Christmas presents. Amazon is trying to make up for the incompetence of the USPS by now noting on our account to ONLY deliver via FED EX or UPS to our doorstep. This contract needs to go. I’ve never seen a more worthless group of people. If this is a common occurrence, Amazon will drop them like a hot potato and the USPS will be a thing of the past. [Reply] Marc says: December 15, 2014 at 6:09 pm I’ve got the same problem that Gallie noticed – the reverse of everyone else here. The latest way Amazon is trying to thwart the problem of missed deliveries is to release the carrier from liability for items left on doorsteps. I live in the city in Baltimore, and have had numerous packages, including a $700 camera, stolen in the last couple of months. Unless you, or a worthy neighbor, see a package being left outside your house, it will be stolen in what I would guess to be a matter of seconds. Thieves just follow the mail carrier through town and their Christmas shopping is complete. Idiotic policy. Adding insult to injury, our lazy local mail carrier in Baltimore has since applied the Amazon philosophy to ALL packages being delivered. [Reply] Don Reply: January 3rd, 2015 at 10:46 am Yes, that is my experience in Baltimore too. Have discontinued using Amazon Prime because of its use of the USPS in the Baltimore area. Don’t like my packages being stolen from my front steps, but marked as delivered on the web site. [Reply] samiup says: December 16, 2014 at 5:05 pm I have noticed a difference. and it is a significant one. USPS delivered my package at 3pm,-when i was at work- the notice they left did not say much, no re-delivery attempt… i went to their website in order to ask for re-delivery, USPS web site was not working as i could not pick up a date from the calendar tool after filling up a long form… Then i said, OK maybe ill just pick it up, their office closes at 4:00 pm… WOW! now what should i do now? take a half day off from work to go to USPS everything i order from Amazon? pretty pathetic. Called Amazon, asked for replacement. the item that was “delivered” will leave USPS and go back to Amazon in 15 days… [Reply] I Do Not Like USPS! says: December 20, 2014 at 2:33 pm Another argument against USPS that no one, it seems, noticed: USPS does its delivery run once a day. So, if package has arrived to your local USPS facility at, say, 12PM, but your postman starts delivery route to your street at 11:59AM, you’re out of luck – you will have to wait extra day for your package. UPS will run delivery routes several times a day, as long as there are packages to be delivered. [Reply] larry Reply: February 23rd, 2015 at 5:59 pm Maybe you have noticed that USPS delivers to every house on the route…not just parcels like ups, fedex. If we didnt…maybe we could make double runs. Also your carrier sorts and cases every piece of mail on his route as well as loading his vehicle. [Reply] Paul says: December 22, 2014 at 7:55 pm I have the same problem but I don’t blame UPS or USPS. If I have a guaranteed delivery date for the 24th and I’m told UPS will have it delivered then. I then find out it’s not to me but my post office and I won’t receive several items until the 26th. I called UPS and they said that’s how it is . Guarantee date by them but not USPS. This is all back on Amazon on how they ship now. I didn’t know this and I have been buying part of my Christmas items from them for awhile. [Reply] Gordon says: December 26, 2014 at 11:47 am I haven’t ordered from Amazon since they switched to USPS but I don’t think they have gained anything. I have had packages delivered by UPS that it took a month to get them after UPS said it was delivered. It finally appeared out by the mailbox. In the mean time I let the vendor know and they sent me a replacement two times. I received 2 of the item before the first order was delivered. I never knew who had the first order. USPS puts the mail in the wrong mailbox until they are driving me crazy. A few days ago they delivered the neighbors mail to our mailbox. They have delivered our mail to neighbors a number of times. Once a check was delivered to a neighbor. It took a week for it to get to us. It had been opened and stapled through the check and the envelope to keep it in. Another time some medicine was delivered to one of the neighbors. Again it was opened before they gave it to us. I think the people delivering and the neighbors need to learn to read and stop opening our mail. [Reply] CaptTurbo says: December 26, 2014 at 5:30 pm I don’t have an issue with Amazon’s shipping but they lost a lot of business from me when they started charging sales tax. [Reply] Richard says: December 26, 2014 at 8:31 pm Thank you, Mr. Brown, for bringing up this subject. And for those that are getting front door delivery of your mail and parcels from the USPS, I am happy for you. We moved into a neighborhood with new housing during the early part of this summer where front door delivery by the USPS is not available, by design. Instead, mail and parcels are delivered to a mailbox/parcel container clusters located at selected street intersections. I suppose it saves time and money for the USPS to do it this way. If there are no parcel containers vacant or if the package is over sized for the container, the USPS wont leave it, but will leave a notice in the mailbox to have it picked up. We tried several times to have them redeliver packages, but the problem of parcel container vacancies or package size also determine whether the attempt to redeliver is successful or not. When Amazon was shipping by UPS or FedEx, we would always get our packages delivered to the house, always. Now, we get about 30% of our packages if shipped via USPS. We’ve been Prime Members since 2004, and since October, we have substantially cut down our ordering from Amazon because of their heavy use of the USPS as shipper of 90% of our orders. Amazon should give shoppers the option of which carrier to use in order to work around obstacles like mail box clusters. [Reply] Tasha Miles says: December 28, 2014 at 1:22 am Amen to this author!! I too have been one of Amazon’s Number One Fans since early years. I also order all our small business supplies from them to the tune of 30K+ Per year. USPS is a disaster for me because we live on a rural route and we never get packages delivered to the door. This results in a trip to the post office which is 15 miles away and not well run. I can’t find a solution through Amazon. I’m willing to pay more and /or wait longer for my packages JUST DON’T USE USPS! .. but there is no way to opt out. Why a “can do” company like Amazon pairs up with a “can’t do and don’t want to try to do” government agency like the USPS is beyond my understanding. The results were predictable without having an MBA. [Reply] Calvin says: January 9, 2015 at 3:07 pm My problem isn’t so much that they are using the postal service (live an an area where we have the combined mailboxes), it is that they have increased the cost of Prime and are using a cheaper service altogether (USPS). For me it seems like they are trying to boost revenue and at the same time decrease costs. My Prime membership is about to end this January and I do not plan on renewing. $20 price increase for cheaper USPS package deliveries… no thank you. I can wait a few extra days with all the non-primies. [Reply] KNEWBEE says: January 10, 2015 at 6:54 pm If things aren’t fitting in your mailbox, try getting a Larger Mailbox; available at Home Depot, Lowes Walmart & even Amzon. That 1950s mailbox you’re using wasn’t made for the volume of all the larger envelopes, magazines & packages that customers receive on a daily basis in the 21st century! [Reply] Matt says: January 11, 2015 at 10:49 pm All amazon packages the the usps delivers say right on them ” carrier leave if no response”. Do you homework before you right and make yourself sound like an idiot next time. [Reply] Aq Lynch says: January 14, 2015 at 3:50 pm Bad deal. I used to order and then go to my UPS Online account to have my packages held for pickup. Now since they use the US Mail., I have had 5 packages turn up missing. This is horrible. After my amazon prime membership ends this year I am done with Amazon. Also size of package is not the issue. I have ordered……. 1 Sony PS4 bundle with 3 games. It came in a large box via US Mail… [Reply] Chris H Reply: February 14th, 2015 at 9:00 pm I too have had way too many issues with USPS in our area. So I cancelled my prime account that I’ve had since it started. Amazon pro-rated so I didn’t have to worry about losing money. Don’t wait until your membership is up, end it now and save your money. [Reply] Nick says: January 16, 2015 at 6:58 pm I’m not sure where the author lives, but at my house the USPS carrier places letters in the mailbox at the end of my driveway and packages on my front porch. Granted, I live in the suburbs and not a gigantic apartment building, but still the article is very misleading. The only time I’ve had to go to the post office to pick up a package is when a signature is required and I wasn’t home when USPS attempted to deliver. UPS and USPS are both really good about taking a note with my signature on it and leaving a signature required package as well. FedEx on the other hand is awful. They actually refuse to deliver a package early. Let me explain: say a seller uses ups ground to ship a parcel, that service has a 5 day guarantee. Many times it gets to the customer in 2-3 days, everyone is happy in this instance. Well, very recently I had that very thing happen with fedex, except those crooks actually held my package at a processing center for THREE DAYS before finally delivering it. I saw this on the tracking system with the message “package not scheduled for delivery today”, so I called their customer service department and my god were they awful. They could not have cared less, seriously. I even said that USPS and ups would never do something like this. Her response “well that’s our policy”, justifying NOT delivering it “early” and holding it to deliver on the 5th day. Fedex is also not good at all for working around “signature required” restrictions. I once left a note saying it was ok to leave the package at the door and provided my signature and telephone number, only to come home to a snippy “we missed you” flyer with “must get sig in person” written in pen on it. That fedex “smartpost” someone else mentioned (where fedex does the work from origin to destination city, then hands off to USPS for delivery) is another awful set up. That can often end up being a 8 day service in my experience. Needless to say I’d rather drive to pick up my purchase from the origin than be forced to use fedex again! [Reply] EMW says: January 19, 2015 at 5:56 pm This article is incorrect. The USPS has left several packages at my door. I have not had to go to the USPS to get a package. All my packages have arrived as expected, even on a Sunday. [Reply] So...When Will Amazon Start with USPS... says: January 21, 2015 at 8:23 pm I just ordered a 1.4 ounce package from across the U.S. and Amazon shipped it via UPS Ground. *facepalm* So I’d like to know when Amazon will start capitalizing on this USPS relationship? [Reply] Anthony D says: January 23, 2015 at 1:39 am I live in an apartment building in NYC. USPS can enter the apartment complex and happily leaves all packages next to my mailbox without asking, if they do not fit inside. If it’s UPS and I don’t happen to be home (which is always), I have to take two buses and walk to the “local” UPS terminal. I for one am thrilled that Amazon will be relying more exclusively on USPS, though almost everything I order tends to come through them anyway. [Reply] Reid Reply: February 23rd, 2015 at 2:11 pm You wont be thrilled when you come home and there’s no package even though it says delivered. [Reply] larry Reply: February 23rd, 2015 at 6:07 pm I’m sure your mail carrier is not thrilled about that either since the first person people accuse or think took it was the carrier. [Reply] Adam Turnbull says: January 23, 2015 at 3:27 pm I live in Japan and though there is an Amazon.jp, its mainly full of stuff thats flipped for 3 times the price from Amazon. What gripes me is how over a decade retailers stopped using USPS ground service as a shipping option. Last week I received a shipment from Amazon.com and it cost me 600$. 250$ was for shipping. I am not in a rush for shipments and would have much preferred a 60$ surface shipment with USPS so if it means the option of finally getting back surface mail ? Bring it on !!!! [Reply] Tiff says: January 29, 2015 at 2:48 pm I like USPS. They deliver on Saturday!!! [Reply] Steve Reply: February 17th, 2015 at 9:12 am And, Sunday and ALL holidays except Thanksgiving and Christmas… [Reply] Caryn says: February 4, 2015 at 5:05 pm I feel exactly like the author. Ive been a Prime customer for years and I have always had outstanding service. But since November I have had nothing but trouble. Ive always had issues with the post office and try my hardest not to deal with them. I hate that my packages now come through there on a regular basis and it doesnt make sense. I live in Columbia SC where there is a warehouse. Some of my packages, now that the USPS is involved, leave the Columbia warehouse, are shipped to Concord and then back to Columbia to me. What sense does that make? USPS is the worse and I for one, hope they become obsolete altogether. [Reply] Tricia says: February 6, 2015 at 7:04 am I have my Amazon packages delivered to my employer’s street address because UPS cannot get into my building at home. Unfortunately for me, my employer also has a P.O. box so now that USPS is being used, instead of delivering to the street address they mark all my packages as delivered and put them in the P.O. box room and isn’t physically delivered to me until the third day. Therefore, I pay the Prime fee but don’t get the 2 day shipping as promised. [Reply] TC says: February 16, 2015 at 7:06 am USPS is far better than UPS. However Amazon tricks you into thinking you are paying $100 for prime getting free 2 day shipping, while the truth is that Amazon is actually only shipping it normal mail or slower. They get away with it because they have so many warehouses everywhere. But it is false advertising. [Reply] TC says: February 16, 2015 at 7:09 am Many times packages sent by UPS still get dropped off by UPS at the USPS for delivery. [Reply] LW says: February 18, 2015 at 8:49 pm USPS is certainly NOT better than UPS for me. The postal service will not deliver to my door since I live inside a gated community and the USPS’s carrier union contract doesn’t require them to deliver inside the gate, so any parcel that won’t fit inside the small parcel boxes must be picked up from the post office — a 45 minute round trip. Super frustrating! I’ve started breaking up my orders into 1 thing at a time — sometimes one in the morning and one in the evening — to try to keep boxes as small as possible with hopes they’ll fit inside the parcel locker. Plus, I figure it costs Amazon a heck of a lot more by making them ship each item individually, so maybe they’ll reconsider allowing their customers to select their own carriers. [Reply] Tom Reply: March 11th, 2015 at 2:35 am A 45-minute round trip? Why don’t you try living in civilization? [Reply] Reid says: February 23, 2015 at 2:07 pm As others have said USPS carriers marks items as delivered to stay out of trouble for not getting their route finished. Then your lucky if you ever receive item.Next your left proving it didn’t get delivered and good luck with that USPS has no system in place to make sure carriers deliver package. I just had to go to Post Office to file a complaint about 4 packages that say delivered but weren’t. Well guess what they found all 4 in carriers truck in a bag with many other packages from up to a week ago that weren’t delivered. She had been fired they said and it looked like the packages were going to be taken home. No way to know how many end up in dumpsters or worse. [Reply] larry Reply: February 23rd, 2015 at 5:45 pm Packages left in vehicle would be found the next day. I believe you made this up. Also postal management will scan parcels left in office as attempted because the clerks missthrow them and the carriers are instructed to leave them in a tub or on floor by supervisors desk before they leave. These packages may not be delivered until the next day. Try not to blame everything on your carrier especially if you don’t take the time to get to no them as your carrier. [Reply] Ace21 says: February 27, 2015 at 1:58 pm I am fed up with Amazon because of this. What used to take a few days to deliver a package now takes 1-2 WEEKS. Reason being is my UPS location is in a city 30 miles away. Yesterday, a package arrived at UPS, great, should be out for delivery that day. NOPE. Already gone through this once, I immediately contacted UPS so I could drive over and pick up the package. I was told NO, they are required to turn the package over to the Post Office in the city, which then sits on the package for a few more days ‘sorting it’ to be shipped to the Post Office in the city I live in. Once that finally happens, my local post office then sits on it for another day or 2 ‘sorting’ it, all the while the Post Office is telling Amazon the package has been delivered. EVERY SINGLE PACKAGE I have ordered that came USPS has stated ‘delivered’ when checked online at least 1-2 days BEFORE the package is actually delivered. Today, I just looked, and the post office is stating package is delivered, yet, it is still sitting in a post office in a different city from which I live in. No more Amazon for me if this is the service I can come to expect. I will pay a few more dollars to buy items as local as possible and if they have to be shipped, USPS will NEVER be an option for me as they are the absolute worst shippers I have ever experienced (of course that will vary city to city, but mine is terrible). [Reply] Tom says: February 28, 2015 at 1:32 pm My problem is that for large packages, my local USPS has been claiming “delivery attempted” even though I’m certain this did not happen. Twice in three weeks (original and replacement order) for a large (28 lb bag of dog food) package this has occurred. I was at home both times and there’s no way I (or my dog) missed any doorbell, nor were there any notices. I requested redelivery and the package goes into la la land both times (“delivery status not updated”). IMO this is Amazon’s responsibility. I have to go to the post office to pick it up, I might as well just go to the store. For example, I work for an IT company that provides web hosting services but we outsource to other data centers for the physical hosting. I can’t tell my customers “oh, your site is down, please call the data center”. I take responsibility for the vendors I choose, and Amazon must as well. [Reply] Kyle says: March 4, 2015 at 12:07 pm The business decision Amazon made is one of simple economics (short-sighted, but simple). Of the three major players (UPS, FedEx, and USPS), only one has no shareholders to answer to so that’s the only one willing to lose money on every delivery. Experience with all of these carriers depends, primarily, on the individual people involved (the driver for your route / your mail carrier). If you have a good one (I used to), then you might not even notice that Amazon made that decision. If you have a bad one (I do now), you’ll consider Amazon’s decision to be a bad one. The other difference in the carriers is that you have no recourse with USPS. My USPS carrier frequently scans the package as delivered even though he never even drives down my street (e.g., snow on the ground and no tracks whatsoever). Frequent trips to the PO have only created discord, not solutions. Sometimes my USPS carrier ends up delivering the package in another day or two, sometimes I never get it. Taking it up with the merchant is of no use because the tracking information shows it’s been delivered so I appear to be the liar. I continue to look for online merchants that ship via UPS or FedEx (without handing off to USPS). It’s becoming more and more difficult to find these because – as I stated originally, no one can delivery cheaper than the one who’s willing to lose money on every delivery. [Reply] Nevada says: March 8, 2015 at 12:31 pm Living in rural Nevada, I find USPS services to be the best option for me. USPS does not deliver to my house due to my choice in location, so I head to the Post Office daily. Using a PO Box means I know when I will get my mail and if I have a package a key is left in my box. That key is numbered and used to open a larger package box in the same area. I don’t want things left at the front door of my house. I want them inside dry and safe. Maybe instead of expecting free services from USPS people should purchase the use of a PO Box? There are no lines to pick up mail and it can be convenient. I’ve had really bad experiences with home delivery which included packages being left at the wrong house with Fedex and UPS and Ontrac (being the worst!). However, out of all three UPS is much better in following up with mistakes, but to pick up a package at their shipping department means a 45 min drive (one way) for me! I dislike ordering from companies that use anything but USPS and from my perspective, Amazon made the right choice. [Reply] will says: March 10, 2015 at 10:52 pm USPS leaves packages on the street here. They are too lazy to bring it to the front door. So we’ve had lots of packages disappear. Most frustrating is that we spend a huge some of money on an extra large locked delivery box, and they still are too lazy to open the door (its one way) and place it inside. Maddening. [Reply] Tom says: March 11, 2015 at 2:33 am See: http://www.wacktrap.com/services/packages-mail-services/ups-usps-fed-ex-study-shows-packages-marked-fragile-more-likely-dama I have had so many issues with UPS damaged my packages. Recently, I have had to return a computer case I purchased on Amazon THREE TIMES due to shipping damage caused by UPS employees. This is not an uncommon occurrence for me when I get packaged via UPS. I’ve never had a package damaged or late that was delivered by USPS. Full disclosure: I lean RIGHT, political views have nothing to do with it. [Reply] Rev. Harry Hui says: March 16, 2015 at 8:09 am May I add, for those living in apartments, you’re on your own. That I have no suggestion for except to make a deal with delivery people to leave the stuff in the hall? [Reply] gerry says: March 19, 2015 at 8:37 am AMEN! I was traveling on Saturday. Ordered a two-day package that I needed as a gift and expected it on Friday. When I got home, happily awaiting the package.. all I got was a pink slip telling me to go f myself. I threw the pink slip away and waited for it to be returned to Amazon and instead got another gift at the store. The post office is open 9-5 (I’m at work 8-5, an hour away) and then open saturdays 9-1, which meant I either use my sleep-in day to get there early, or suffer the wrath of a dreadfully long and painful wait at the Brooklyn USPS office. NO THANKS! RETURNED! And this will happen to every package that I get with a pink slip. I hate the post office. Especially in NYC. [Reply] Dave Kregt says: March 19, 2015 at 10:04 pm This is the dumbest rant I’ve ever read. Sounds like typical mumbling of ultra-lazy ultra-liberal America. [Reply] E. Troy says: March 25, 2015 at 6:15 pm I literally got off the phone with the USPS about this situation. I live in an apartment complex in a small town in the country. I ordered something from Amazon on Monday, with free 2-day Prime shipping. I was home sick today from work – perfect, I’ll be here to receive the package. About an hour ago (3PM), the tracking said “attempted delivery by USPS, notice left” at 9:30AM. What? I was here – no one attempted delivery. Plus, the notice that was left in my mailbox (not until 3:30PM) had the back crossed out – they won’t deliver even if I gave them permission to! Now, I have to wait until Saturday to get to the post office (they are open from 9AM – 5PM Monday – Friday…hmmm, right during my work hours too). To me, that’s laziness on the part of the carrier. Not the first time this has happened, and if I would have known they were using USPS to deliver, I would have spent the extra money and bought it at the store. [Reply] Al Day says: March 26, 2015 at 6:15 pm My experience is just the opposite. USPS delivers to my door while UPS will not deliver at all to my location. Packages delivered by the postal service are usually in better condition than those delivered by UPS when they used to deliver here. So I don’t agree with the synopsis of issues in this article. Amazon now has all their UPS shipments to me going back which tends to piss them off. In time they will just give us a choice or lose our business. All vendors should offer choice so whoever is best where you are can deliver for you. It should never be the vendors choice. I’m willing to pay extra to have FedEx or USPS deliver all my stuff. No more UPS for me. [Reply] Kyle says: April 3, 2015 at 7:46 pm I’ve made over 70 orders from Amazon in the past 6 months, them switching to USPS is a dream come true. I don’t live in an apartment any more, but generally only USPS carriers can easily get into most apartments, which is an enormous plus right there. UPS drivers will often just leave notices without even ringing the bell if it’s not safe for them to throw your packages all the way from the curb to your door. Tampering with legitimate mail is a serious offense, but petty theft if UPS/FedEx; consider the implications for packages that are obviously from Amazon. Finally, I feel like people complain about post offices like they do the DMV – have you ever actually been to one? Mine is huge and beautiful, and there’s rarely much of a line. I know not all of these things will apply to everyone but there’s not much to complain about with regards to the USPS unless you’re a crazy libertarian or something. [Reply] Larry says: April 4, 2015 at 12:16 am I’ve noticed this trend lately myself. I live in an apartment building in NYC and am not always home, but UPS would usually be kind enough to leave my Amazon packages with my neighbors, or at the least attempt re-delivery. USPS? Pink slip for pickup the very first day, without so much as a buzz through the intercom. I’ve missed several packages when I was actually at home because the delivery person wouldn’t take the time to notify me. Then I usually have to wait until the weekend to pick them up, only to be forced to wait in line for 45 minutes. On top of it all the employees at the local post office are rude and sarcastic, and actually raise their voices at the customers. I’ve already started shopping locally to avoid the dreadful post office, or I order items from Amazon that I know will fit inside my mail box (which they don’t always leave in there anyway). And the Amazon Dash button, you’ve got to be kidding me, who in their right mind would wait 45 minutes in line to pick up paper towels when they could spend 5 min for $1 more, or sometimes even pay less? Sure those dollars add up, but so do the 45 min. Would you rather have spent 5 hours and 40 minutes picking up paper towels over the course of a year, or $12? [Reply] marie Reply: April 28th, 2015 at 11:33 am I sent a short email online to the post office about the same type of thing that was happening to me and it finally got resolved. [Reply] Jon Heibeck says: April 4, 2015 at 7:35 pm I just figured this out (yea, I’m slow). I canceled my Prime membership and submitted an email to Amazon stating I will no longer buy anything through their company. I’m even blocking Amazon from my search results. [Reply] Vandy Reply: April 7th, 2015 at 8:10 pm sorry, I doubt Amazon cares about you. Bezos is beholden to his shareholders, not to you. It’s always hilarious to see capitalists complaining about capitalism though! You have a nice day now. [Reply] Justin H says: April 5, 2015 at 4:24 pm Honestly, my experience with USPS shipping through Amazon has been mostly positive. There have been a few times I had to wait an extra day because I wasn’t home when the package arrived. But mostly I just have things shipped to my office – which is open 7 days a week. To be honest, I feel that Amazon’s deal with the USPS has added value to my Prime membership. Sure they might have kinks to workout, but I think it’s a good thing in the long and short run. [Reply] Vandy Reply: April 7th, 2015 at 8:15 pm I’ve noticed many fewer products are being allowed to go to Amazon Lockers, at least in my case. I order lots of business supplies, books, and clothes through Amazon, and stuff that usually goes to a Locker now must come to either my home address or my P.O. box. Fortunately, I already have a P.O. box in my city and I go once a week on Saturday mornings (if I’m in town) when the lines aren’t that long. We have a separate line in my P.O. branch for picking up packages ONLY. Doesn’t mean it’s not a long line, but it’s separate from regular window services. I don’t want to see the USPS go under. It’s an institution that should be allowed to run and I’m 100% against privatization contracts that the capitalists like Obama are proposing and now sticking us with, such as they just signed with Staples. Staples employees are not fit to run a Post Office. But then I’m a communist. Never underestimate the hypocrisy of capitalists, though. They’d sell their own mothers for a quarter. It’s hilarious to see them complaining about, well, capitalist practices! Carry on cappies! [Reply] Robert says: April 11, 2015 at 4:08 am I used to buy everything at Amazon. I cancelled my prime membership and don’t use them anymore since they switched to USPS final leg delivery. USPS is a joke. They don’t deliver packages to my house because it has a long driveway. I’ve met USPS at the street and they hand me a ‘We attempted to deliver your package” notice. To top it off, the notice always says I can pick it up the next day at the post office, but 80% of the time they don’t have it ready so I usually have to wait 2 days after the ‘guaranteed’ delivery date. Also, this is a way for FedEx and UPS to offload costs onto taxpayers. As is usual with corporate-government corruption, profits go up, service goes down. Screw all these hucksters. [Reply] Terie says: April 13, 2015 at 1:36 pm For those of you complaining – I complained too. But, I took my complaints to Amazon and they put in my account to NEVER transfer any of my packages to the post office. Once they made that notation, I have not had any further issues with the 2 day shipping. Nothing is taken to the Post Office anymore. I now have to give that information to all of the companies that are doing this. I hate seeing that my package will be delivered a certain day and then discover it won’t be for another day because it was sent to USPS. Then it takes at least another 2 -3 days. Unacceptable. That is why USPS gets no business! [Reply] Sean says: April 17, 2015 at 5:12 am I would like to say that yes, the postal service has terrible customer service in my city. I worked as a carrier for all of one month after graduation from University, and the structure and idiocy of my local post office made it impossible for any educated or markedly skilled employees to remain there for any amount of time and keep their sanity. My “manager” called me every 10 minutes on my cell phone while I was out making amazon deliveries, causing me to be slower than needed to make these deliveries (yes, to the front porch.) The carriers that I was hired along with tried hard to get the mail delivered on time and correctly, but the constant berating from management to “go faster!!!” resulted in most people either cutting corners or quitting after a couple weeks. The system in place is setup for the idiots to eventually take charge, while the hard workers end up finding more lucrative work elsewhere. This all shows in the service that customers receive from their post office nowadays. I bet most of the people who are now having problems with their mail had no problems 10 years ago, and this is a result of the current system of allowing the inmates to run the asylum. The post office is a case study in what not to do as a company, how not to treat your employees, and how not to treat your customers. It is lunacy and idiocy at its finest and I don’t expect to see it around 10 years from now if they don’t make some serious changes in management. Amazon is backing the wrong horse in the name of profit, but they are only hurting themselves in the long run. The Post office is not capable of keeping it’s promises to Amazon. [Reply] marie Reply: April 28th, 2015 at 11:30 am Its run by the government what do you expect,no one cares just wasteful spending.Why would anyone care they have a unlimited sugar daddy-Us the tax payer! Just wait until they completely get there hands on our healthcare.I am lucky in that sense to live in Texas. [Reply] Shay says: April 17, 2015 at 3:02 pm Well, I have been ordering from Amazon lately as my company as a reward program and I get gift cards for free for Amazon. Everytime I have order, UPS delivers my packages and they have always been early. They will just leave them on my doorstep, or sometimes they will deliver in the evenings when I am home, so I accept them in person. My local UPS driver is polite, friendly, and is always on time. I have received packages via USPS before, and I have to leave a note on the mail box to give them permission to leave my bigger packages on my porch. I don’t know if this is the case for any of you, but I’m not sure if they are allowed to leave packages without permission. I have ran into this before and now always leave a note when I am expecting something via USPS so that the post person knows what I want. [Reply] tom says: April 24, 2015 at 1:27 pm I order 50+items a year from Amazon. Service has been good and has improved with the USPS. [Reply] marie says: April 28, 2015 at 11:22 am I had the same problems always having to wait a day or so to get my package.Then i would have to go online and fill out a re-deliver form.That always takes another day to get your mail IF you fill out the Re-deliver online form before the cut off time for that day.I talked to my post man about this always happening and this is what he informed me to do… Next time you see your post man driving his vehicle- Grab some of the re-deliver orange slips.Sign the orange slip and state where you want your package delivered(porch,side of house ect.) Put the orange slip in your mail box a few days before you expect your package to arrive and put up the flag.This way you will never get a re-delivery slip and your package will be EXACTLY WHERE you want it and on the correct delivery date. I hope this helps… [Reply] Hari says: April 29, 2015 at 10:11 am There are always some caveats to a deal. I have been using Amazon for almost a couple of years now and all of a sudden I saw them delivering on Sundays, which took me by surprise. There are a couple of times when I thought it would be delivered to my door step but it ended up in my mail box but I have made it a part of my routine to check my mail box. My experience has been a little different, as they still left the bigger boxes outside my door step. Atleast the good part is that Amazon has joined hands with a sinking business and hope this helps USPS employees from losing their jobs. [Reply] miguel says: May 3, 2015 at 9:26 am USPS has time and time again missed my 2day delivery dead line. The tracking always says its out for delivery but never arrives that day. Then they update the tracking saying I wasn’t home but they never left the sticky note on my door which means they never even attempted. Then the post office holds my package for a day and attempts to redeliver the following day. So 2 day delivery turns into 4 day. This is the gunhill road post office in the Bronx. The employees there don’t care about their job and delivering on time. I run a business and use amazon prime as a means of getting my supplies. But without reliable delivery times I’m starting to question if i should find alternative means. When my packages get shipped via FedEx or UPS I never have an issue. But more and more they are using USPS. Bad move amazon. There’s a reason why nobody uses them. Shouldn’t your partnerships be strong ones? This is a step backwards and a bad business move. [Reply] phototristan says: May 6, 2015 at 1:28 am USPS consistently forgets to deliver Amazon packages and never even leaves a notice. I have to manually try tracking it to find out that is at the post office and I have to then go pick it up. Most of the time, the driver just doesn’t feel like delivering the box and it sits in the truck. So many times, I’ve been home only to not receive the package and track it online later only to find out they say ‘attempted delivery, notice left’ to cover their own butt. In reality, they did not attempt any delivery nor did they even leave a notice for me. I’ve also try their online redelivery service with shoddy results. Sometimes, they don’t even redeliver. Last Christmas, they even lost a package from Amazon. USPS has completely flakey service, terrible customer service and no follow through for the actual delivering of shipments! I recommend everyone reading complain to Amazon about USPS’s terrible service. This is the only way they can begin to realize how bad USPS is. [Reply] R says: May 7, 2015 at 5:42 am Amazon has betrayed one of their core customer bases with this move. Amazon has been a lifeline for those of us in rural areas, but the Postal Service leaves packages OUT ON TOP OF OUR RURAL MAIL BOX, and a few times, on the ground in torrents of rain, so most of the time, it’s either destroyed or stolen. So after all these years of depending on their wonderful service, we have no choice but to stop using them entirely. Shame on Amazon for not giving a rat’s rear about this. [Reply] Shannon says: May 29, 2015 at 3:48 pm I have Amazon Prime and LOVE it. USPS used to deliver my Prime Pantry, but it’s gone back to UPS and FedEx. Frankly, USPS did a better job, my LaCroix mineral water cans exploded with each delivery on UPS, none with USPS. Our mailman always brought those big heavy boxes to my front door and rang the bell, and would often wait to see me open the door from the curb to wave as he left. I now get deliveries on Sundays as well. No more trips to Walmart or Target for dry and household goods, pet food and MORE! [Reply] Judy says: June 1, 2015 at 10:35 am So I ordered something on Thursday, and the package was to be delivered on Friday (overnight delivery). My package was scanned to Brooklyn, NY 11214 where I leave on Friday morning, and then was sent to NY, NY 10014, then NY, NY 10199 and than to Brooklyn, NY 11256 (this all happened between Friday and Sunday), finally this morning my package was scanned at Brooklyn, NY 11214 my area code and I am still waiting for delivery. I wasted a beautiful Saturday stuck at home waiting for this package which was already late, because of course it could not possibly show up more than 24 hrs late (wrong). The last ten packages which I had delivered to work where handed off to my mail room a full 24 hours after the package was marked delivered. I will not be renewing my prime membership if they do not move back to using UPS. Amazon was great and refunded my shipment. Gave me a $5 credit toward a future purchase, and then extended my membership by one month. Highly disappointed in their decision to make a deal with USPS because they are notorious for not delivering mail timely if at all. Disgusted with the way my package was handled. [Reply] Kimberly Neal says: June 5, 2015 at 12:51 am This is an odd piece for a couple of reasons, however , as a carrier I must correct the author by saying “STOP SPREADING HYSTERIA”! Dead Letter pile if you’re not home?! Nonsense! USPS unlike UPS will decipher if it’s safe to leave your package, where we should leave it, who with, and if we are unable, we will leave a notice. We will not just cram it in to your mailbox. We will not just toss it on the porch leaving it in front of God and everybody… Say do you own stock in UPS?! [Reply] Cathee Reply: June 29th, 2015 at 6:44 pm Agree… this article is FULL of idiotic mistakes!! Was this written for the ONION? Pathetic what this guy believes, and ARROGANT to spew his ignorance as truth. [Reply] Michael Jenkins says: June 6, 2015 at 6:09 am The author is spot on. I live in a development where my USPS mail comes to a group of mailboxes. If and only if the item won’t fit in the mail box will USPS deliver to my door. Problem is the mailboxes for the development are in a room that locks at 7pm daily and isn’t open on Sunday’s. What this means for me is that I no longer get my Amazon prime items delivered to my door. And if I can’t make it to the mailroom by 7 (I work 12 hr shifts) I won’t get my prime items for days!!. I asked the postal delivery person to please deliver Amazon items to my house. I got a VERY Stern no, that is what the larger mailboxes are in the mail room. Postmaster said the same thing. No we WON’T deliver to your house. When my prime expires, I won’t be renewing. Amazon has lost my business. [Reply] Tim Scott says: June 16, 2015 at 3:39 pm USPS has entirely stopped delivering parcels to my townhouse. Instead, they place “Attempted Delivery” cards at our mail house. BS! I work from home, and know that delivery was not attempted. After a year of this, I’ve cancelled AMAZON PRIME and will only order online if it’s guaranteed UPS or FedEx. [Reply] bruce says: June 29, 2015 at 8:16 pm I am a Rural Carrier for USPS and UPS and FED_EX leave parcels at the mailbox because they are too lazy to bring them up the steeper driveways. I always bring them up and leave by front door or garage. Maybe instead of calling your carriers idiots or other names offer them a cold water and ask them to leave the parcels by your door. If you get a slip just go online and request redelivery [Reply] John Reply: September 29th, 2015 at 12:39 am Requesting redelivery does nothing. My USPS carrier is refusing to deliver packages he deems too heavy. I know this because of the last package he refused to deliver. I filed a complaint and they fessed up that he said the package was too heavy, but still refused to deliver it. Which is odd, because normal carriers like UPS or FedEx use things like hand carts to move around heavy packages. I also doubt the women at the front desk of the post office are going to move the package around any easier than the postal carrier could. Funny how the front desk staff at the post office have to move the heavy package around, but the actual carrier doesn’t. So on this latest package, Saturday(2 days ago), the carrier lied and claimed there was no secure place to deliver on the delivery slip. Of course I had two USPS packages scheduled for delivery on Saturday. The heavy one was not delivered at around 8am, just the slip was left. The lighter one was delivered around 2 and left on my porch without issue. So much for a lack of a secure location. I filed for redelivery for today and instead of getting my package the status on Amazon updated to “Sorry, your package is delayed because of an issue with the carrier.” Even when the carrier gets called out, they still feel comfortable refusing to deliver packages. Very nice job security, you can’t get fired for refusing to do your job. I know I am never going to see that package from Amazon, it was prime pantry, so maybe Amazon will do something since they want prime pantry to work. Last time they resent the heavy item and laughably it was resent with USPS when Amazon said they would put a note on the order to use a different carrier. But it got delivered on a Sunday and I think they have different people delivering on Sunday, so that time the carrier left it on my porch. With USPS it is simply up to the carrier. Some people have carriers that deliver anything and some people have carriers that refuse to deliver everything. It is hit or miss. I filed a complaint about the fact that the carrier lied by saying there was no secure location, at the very least if the carrier is refusing to deliver because the item is too heavy, they need to put that real reason the delivery slip so Amazon knows it is a carrier issue. It is annoying to have to explain this to Amazon when Amazon’s system is telling them there was no secure location, it makes the customer(me) look bad. USPS should not be lying on these delivery slips. So that is where I am. I can only get light packages from Amazon. If anything is heavy and comes via USPS, there are no guarantees I will get it. My only question is how long will Amazon let me order before they just kick me off despite the fact that they are the ones who chose the carrier? [Reply] Boss Reply: October 8th, 2015 at 9:49 pm Any carrier, regardless of the company they work for should be instantly terminated for refusing to deliver a package. Job description shows up to 70 lbs lifting. If carrier has some sort of disability or restrictions other qualified employee should deliver your package. If your postmaster does not take care of this problem call the Senate. You will see a difference. Shame on anyone out there who works and does not care about customers. You are customer as well and treat people way you want to be treated unless you are real JERK. Sorry but it is what it is! [Reply] jamie says: June 29, 2015 at 9:30 pm I am a letter carrier in a small town. Half of the Amazon packages we deliver are straight off the UPS truck. I asked the driver why and he said residential deliveries arent worth our time. That is the company you want delivering your packages? Also, in my town we deliver straight to your door, no matter how small or large the package. We deliver 100 percent of the Amazon packages everyday in my town. The writer of this article has no knowledge of how the post office works. Dead letter room. The dumbest thing I have ever heard. Do some research. USPS: Cheapest and most reliable. [Reply] matt Reply: July 3rd, 2015 at 5:16 pm Thank you for beating me to this!!! I love how he writes the post office couldn’t survive without Amazon. People don’t realize the post office was forced to payout future employee retirements. What business wouldn’t take a hit when being forced to do that? It is also one of the most reliable companies in the world. [Reply] Nikki says: July 2, 2015 at 5:53 pm My UPS and Fed Ex deliveries are delivered right to the door always. The Post Office hangs everything in a sack swinging off my rural mailbox out on the road. It is over a city block away from my house and they leave stuff there in a plastic bag in the pouring rain or whatever. I can’t even see it’s there plus anyone driving the road can just stop and steal it. A lot of stuff has gotten wet and been ruined. I’m elderly and am unable to walk or drive to my box and have to wait for relatives to pick stuff up for me. It’s very unkind as I’ve known the mailman all his life. Guess he doesn’t care. [Reply] dave Reply: September 22nd, 2015 at 12:51 am Nikki, you can request your mail and packages be delivered to your door because of health reasons. We have folks who are disabled or aged who we will go right up the driveway and deliver to your house everyday. There is a form to be filled out from your postmaster, but when approved we do what is called a dismount, and bring mail to you so you do not have to go to mailbox. Hopefully this helps! [Reply] Boss Reply: October 8th, 2015 at 9:42 pm Nikki, Rural Letter Carrier should never leave box hanging on the post or your mailbox. If you are less than half mile away from the box package should be delivered to your door unless can fit in the box. If your carrier does not care, consumer affair cares. Also, like Tom said get letter from your doctor and all your mail, (not just packages) will and should be delivered to your door. It is called HARDSHIP and can not be denied. [Reply] Tom says: July 3, 2015 at 10:35 pm I am a letter carrier in Spokane, Washington with 28 years experience. In the last year and a half we have seen a huge increase in Amazon packages, and exactly a year ago we started delivering Amazon on Sunday, using temp carriers. Now that nearly every package has a tracking barcode, it has become painful for us to not give good, on-time service, because if we don’t, the supervisor may hear about it on the phone, then the carrier will hear it, and no one likes to hear customer complaints, especially from the people that we serve and interact with every day. Our scanners now upload instantly, and customers can go to the website and track their packages in real time. One of the strengths of the ol’ post office is the national forwarding system. It is not uncommon for someone who has recently moved, to order a package from Amazon or eBay, for example, and forget to give them their new address, resulting in the package going to the postal unit that delivers to their old address. (I see this happen every month.) It takes a few extra days, and there might be a forwarding charge, but it does usually get forwarded, whereas if UPS or FedEx get such a package, they will deliver it erroneously and then will probably get to go pick it up again (if the new people give it back), and return it. I have nothing against UPS or FedEx. They have their respective strengths as well. UPS rates are much higher than USPS rates for packages under ten pounds. There seems to be a large percentage of the public who don’t notice that when they ship via UPS, UPS takes its profit and then farms the package out to USPS to deliver at the lower rate. From the viewpoint of UPS, this looks like a really good deal. From the viewpoint of customers, it does not look like a good deal, or it should not, anyway. The problem with all delivery companies is that they use people to do the work. Not all people care about the customers they serve. I certainly do, and want to give the best service possible every day to everyone on my route. We just heard an inside word that Amazon is about to terminate using FedEx and UPS for the most part and use mostly USPS. This will cause some problems with people who use P.O. boxes for their mail, and it will be interesting to see how this is solved. [Reply] Stephen Walsh says: July 20, 2015 at 1:03 pm I’ve accepted the fact that I will never receive an Amazon package delivered via USPS on a Sunday. My local post office uses the tactic of saying they delivered it in the system so Amazon thinks it was delivered on Sunday, but the package isn’t placed on my doorstep until the following day. [Reply] Melinda Miller says: August 3, 2015 at 8:19 pm To the hardworking dedicated postal workers who have posted, thank-you for your excellent commitment to service. However, I believe it does matter where you live whether you get good USPS service or not. UPS and FedEx have the same issues. If the Postmaster of the local post office don’t care and follow-up issues and complaints, why should the delivery personnel care? There are lazy people in all businesses. You may think people are crazy with some of their complaints of non-delivery but they really do happen exactly the way they say they do. I ordered something for my daughter and it went “out for delivery” never to be seen again. The next thing I mailed noted out for delivery on a Monday and a tag for postage due showed up in her box on Friday, she works from home. A letter posted to her in her state took 5 business days to arrive. She can go 3 days without any mail and then get a large pile. I, on the other hand have excellent mail service. People make the difference in the service, not the organization. [Reply] Lee says: August 9, 2015 at 10:00 pm Well I just got my first taste of the awesome USPS /Amazon partnership! Three different deliveries show as “delivered” to “front porch/door” on the USPS tracking site, but not one package on my porch and I have been home all day doing work around the house, I would have either heard the door or have seen the packages (in fact I believe I was walking my dog right out front at the time!). USPS service has been poor in my area, lots of mis-delivered mail and they have lost two “priority” packages of mine in the last few year. And as others have noted, they are a unaccountable. It’s bad news for Amazon, the biggest reason of all I have been such a huge customer is the shipping. I like the fact you can see the date something will be delivered and know you can count on it. I’m willing pay extra sometimes for a product just so I can have the ease and confidence of shipping. The author is correct, they made a deal with the devil and have destroyed their core competency by teaming up with worst delivery service on earth. [Reply] Randy K says: August 20, 2015 at 11:01 am The USPS is responsible enough to ensure that your package isn’t stolen, and according to this “article” that’s bad for the customer? If the customer leaves a not for the mailman that says “Please leave all packages at back door” or a similar note, then the package will be left there. This was obviously written by a UPS employee that feels threatened. A strong Post Office is good for the American people. UPS has to make a profit to keep their shareholders happy, they don’t care about the customer only the bottom line. For the Post Office, the customer IS the shareholder so they have an incentive to make the customer happy. Does UPS deliver to every house? NO, they only want the high profit stops. How about the Post Office? YES, it’s called “universal service” and is protected by the US constitution. As far as the false statement about the “Dead Letter Office” that’s total B.S., mail only goes there if it cannot be returned to sender because there is not return address on the package. [Reply] Matt says: September 22, 2015 at 10:44 pm I found this thread because of the huge problems I’ve been having with USPS and Amazon. The packages get in a weird place where they never arrive anywhere, they leave Amazon never to be seen again. Fortunately, Amazon has been good and sent the items next-day FedEx (when I ALWAYS get them!) Can’t be cheap for Amazon! In fact, last time, they even comped the item and sent it next day. I think Amazon is starting to see the light. USPS is having problems. My magazines were always a few days late (weekly magazines). Now they are weeks late. Sometimes multiple weeks of a weekly magazine will show up at the same time. [Reply] Boss says: October 8, 2015 at 9:23 pm With respect to all of you, I have to disagree for some of the issues. In Rural America USPS is still best option to get packages whether from Amazon, Ebay, or anyone else in the world. Billions of packages are being processed trough different distribution USPS facilities. Every package dropped to local Post Offices have to be delivered same day. Also Holiday and Sundays delivery are available. Amazon premium packages are delivered by unmarked vehicles mostly rental and these guys are blowing up stop signs and traffic lights like crazy. Worst and dangerous delivery services ever. When it comes to magazines again is distribution facility. If you have problem with USPS you should not post it here; call consumer affair, Congress or Senate Offices and your problem will be solved 100%. No one likes to have bad feedback but Amazon delivery packages are bad for customers not for USPS. USPS is still most trusted federal agency. All USPS employee went to extended background check. Best wishes and better delivery to all of US. [Reply] schnauzer says: October 27, 2015 at 2:44 pm I have a one for all of you. I ordered an item that was supposed to be delivered on Sunday, 10/25/2015. Well, it never made it, but that is par for the course when the USPS is involved. So I waited to see if it would arrive late. Today the USPS truck pulls into our driveway, and the driver TELLS ME she delivered it Sunday, to the WRONG address; then she asks me, if I eventually received it ok. While Amazon isn’t the problem here, the USPS is. I went in and cancelled all my future orders with Amazon, and I will buy from whatever website, or local retailer, where I don’t have to deal with USPS. Imagine that, delivered to WRONG address, the the USPS drivers ASKS ME if I received it ok. Hey – who is the delivery person here, anyway?! [Reply] Clinton Dawkins says: November 21, 2015 at 3:37 pm Bad info. The post office would be financially strong if they weren’t held to pension prepayments that no company is required to do. [Reply] Sammy says: November 29, 2015 at 9:44 pm I used to love Amazon. I have purchased over 800 orders from them over the last 10 years. USPS is so terrible. I have had numerous packages lost this year. I got 100% refunds, but it is such a pain now that I would prefer to have guaranteed commercial shipper NOT USPS. [Reply] Samuel says: December 2, 2015 at 2:24 pm Sorry to hear about your deliveries… I’m a carrier at USPS and I deliver all my packages day-of. And if they aren’t home I will text the customer and ask if it’s ok to leave with a neighbor or on their back porch. I notice the new help we hired really seems to bring back a lot of packages and mark them “dog.” Umm, bro, they don’t have a dog… [Reply] Doug D says: December 4, 2015 at 8:48 pm OK So I go to the Amazon Website, Purposely pay more for an item because it says if you want it tomorrow order within the next 3 hours and pick next day delivery. Pay extra for the delivery and then the next day they show estimated arrival of By 8:00PM. At the same time and on the same page there is no tracking info and they sow it as being in process of shipping. I chat with their rep at 3:00PM and am told the item is on the way and will arrive at 8:00PM (Note: My office closes at 5:00PM) so I wait for the item to arrive. At 8:18 no delivry, no update on the website so I chat with the again and am told it is in the warehouse being prepared for shipment?? I ask when it will arrive and they do not know?? I think Amazon has gotten too big and is forgetting who their customers are and how to treat them. I asked that all of my pending orders be cancelled as I will source my items alsewhere and was told they could only cancel two of five and guess what. The one item I’m waiting for is not one of them??? [Reply] Doug D says: December 4, 2015 at 8:52 pm USPS has made every excuse in the world not to deliver. They lost a printer (obviously it was stolen). They claimed my address did not exist?? When calling the postmaster about the address issue I was told “It was the Amazon Driver” Yes, the special Amazon delivery person that works for the USPS…? I’ve been told of delivery attempts that never happened as you don’t come near my house without my dogs barking. USPS has tried to stick me with Postage Due… Bad Move, Amazon. [Reply] Me says: December 5, 2015 at 11:28 pm This year every freaking UPS package has had issue and been delayed. They got re-scanned and delayed one business day when they showed out for delivery at 6am (NW Houston) all my USPS packages have been early or on time. Every now and then they put small packages in my mailbox. Most the time they drop them at my front door ring or knock at the door. Not sure why you guys are having issues with USPS but it’s services has been better than UPS for me. [Reply] Me Reply: December 7th, 2015 at 10:57 pm UPS just delayed again out for delivery. I was home all day working, they never showed up and went back to the center again. No reason listed, just delayed. UPS is crap. [Reply] Wayne in NC says: December 11, 2015 at 7:12 pm I need to say I have never worked for USPS and neither has any member of my family or any friends. I detested SmartPost and SurePost where UPS or FedEx turned over packages to USPS for delivery because the packages were usually late. Of course, I am an Amazon Prime member and have been since it was introduced. For the last year USPS has delivered almost all of our Amazon packages (there have been over 200). Everyone has been either on time or early. The postal delivery person brings packages to our front door if hey do not fit in our mailbox. They also deliver on Saturday AND Sunday. USPS has been at least as reliable as UPS with our Amazon Prime deliveries. Even large and heavy package are delivered to our front door on time by USPS. I have not been a fan of USPS for many years and I doubt whether the service needs to exist at all. But I must give them credit for their 100% on time delivery of over 200 Amazon Prime packages during the last year. They have also delivered packages from other online store on time 100% of the time. [Reply] JW says: December 12, 2015 at 6:02 pm This situation is also very bad for me as the USPS does not deliver to my address. This is what I see when I try to track a package from Amazon that gets transferred to USPS. But the address isn’t incorrect. The USPS just doesn’t deliver to it. UPS and FedEx deliver to it though. 9:05 AM Undeliverable – Incorrect Address Elgin, TX, US 7:04 AM Package arrived at a carrier facility Elgin, TX 6:23 AM Package has been transferred to the USPS and will be delivered by your local postal office Elgin, TX 2:43 AM Shipment departed from Amazon facility San Antonio, TX, US [Reply] Greg A says: December 23, 2015 at 3:19 pm I live in West metro Atlanta and since they started using the USPS more, I’m ordering A LOT less from Amazon! Our postal delivery in my area is nearly third-world level. Horrible drivers and delivery people. It’s common for stuff to be delivered very late (5:30pm+) if you’re lucky – on some days, my street gets no mail delivery at all. I for sure am NOT going to be renewing my Prime membership. [Reply] Mark says: December 25, 2015 at 10:49 pm UPS is the worst company and their employees that work in the hubs have worked Sundays for years and been away from their families for years because of the Amazon volume which UPS handles less than adequately both in delivery and the treatment of packages. The best thing for Amazon would be to leave UPS for good! [Reply] Puddy says: December 26, 2015 at 4:32 pm I have stopped using Amazon. I lived on a private road and usps does not travel on private roads. We did get one delivery to our door 2 years ago. The postal lady was complaining because she said usps signed a contract with Amazon that 2 day was 2 day, even on a private road. They must have Un-signed it because I thought it would neat to have some bulk items sent to our door 2 weeks later. I got a slip in our kiosk and had to make a 40 mile round trip to pick up my package. Also, if you notice, in rural areas, postal employees have to use their own cars. They use the smallest and most economical so half the time a big package won’t even fit in their car. And to think the post office used to be great! How the mighty have fallen. Nothing to do with Amazon, but let me say this is Saturday and a Christmas package was mailed to us this past Monday, with 2 other packages, from the same address. 2 packages made it and the 3rd, a box with an Xbox one and $100 Amazon card still shows it sitting 2 states away. It was scanned late Monday evening and seems to have disappeared. [Reply] Cliff Claven says: January 2, 2016 at 6:26 pm I’ve read this entire comment thread, largely siding with USPS workers. They, like our public schools and prisons, have to serve everyone, yet they are maligned and derided without thought given as to how difficult a task that is. However, I was promised an Amazon package today, for delivery to my PO Box. It’s Saturday, and the post office closes at 3PM. The package made it there, but according to the lady at the counter, after the cutoff for distribution to PO Boxes. So my goods will sit in a local post office all day Saturday and Sunday. I can go in and pick them up Monday (but not until after 10AM), 48 hours after I was promised them. My order arriving at the post office and my order arriving in my hands are two very different things to me, but apparently not to Amazon. [Reply] Tristan says: January 13, 2016 at 9:20 am Then why has my package sat for over 24hr with no progress on weekdays? [Reply] Stephen Matrese says: January 14, 2016 at 3:14 pm I am disabled and use online shopping frequently. Amazon has cancelled my (and several family member) account(s) today because I dared to report EVERY package that wasn’t delivered (I have observed a 25% on-time delivery rate with USPS and a 80% ever eventually receive it rate from Amazon). [Reply] Stephen Matrese Reply: January 14th, 2016 at 3:16 pm I, stupidly, hoped that if I kept reporting the problems, Amazon would DO SOMETHING, ANYTHING about it. [Reply] Jill Parkins says: January 18, 2016 at 9:26 am I ordered from Amazon and it was to be delivered by USPS yesterday. I got a text from Amazon saying that delivery was attempted and the receptacle was blocked and the carrier left a notice. I was home and the receptacle was not blocked and there was no notice. My daughter was watching out the window for a friend at the time they claim to have attempted delivery. They never came. Now today tracking states “carrier delay has occurred.” I’m never paying for Prime again. [Reply] wow says: January 21, 2016 at 10:34 pm holy crap.. how unbelievably lazy does this article make you sound. unreal. [Reply] NoPrime NoMore says: January 31, 2016 at 3:10 am Like the author, I loved Prime because of rock solid reliable delivery. My stuff was always where I expected it when I expected it with accurate online tracking. This was especially important to me because I work 100 miles from my home, so I’m only home on the weekends. I could order stuff on Tuesday and be sure it would be on my porch by Friday night when I got home. Similarly, I could order on Thursday and have it be at my “work crash” on Monday or Tuesday. Now, with the weird combination of using USPS directly and allowing UPS and Fedex to drop work on USPS at the last second (“last mile handoff”) the reliability has gone to pot. Tracking will look good, say delivered, and the item was not there. Turns out it was delivered to the post office — 40 mile round trip from the home. The USPS does their best, but they won’t deliver to my doorstep, only to the mailbox out by the highway (1/4 mile away). Anything bigger than a breadbox ends up getting a “attempted” note. Even when delivered, it’s an extra day or two. That extra day often meant an extra work week before I got my stuff. Since this USPS change I feel that the two day shipping commitment was not just broken, it was utterly shattered. I’m sure things are better in the burbs, but in my rural area it’s a dismal development. It’s not because of bad USPS people, the local folks are doing their best. It’s just a bad idea. Prime became so unpredictable that I cancelled it and just used the money to help pay for a spot at a mailbox store near work. I now only order free shipping stuff from Amazon, have it delivered there, and I order a lot less from them. I’m ordering more from their competitors as well. I’m actually mostly OK with that, since more of my money is going to local small business instead of the Seattle yuppie. Still, I miss getting my stuff reliably delivered to my doorstep. All the other prime stuff doesn’t matter when your best connection is sub-1-mbit DSL. Prime was worth it because of the shipping, only the shipping, and always the shipping. Not any more. [Reply] Dean P says: February 11, 2016 at 12:31 am I rarely have problems with FedEx, UPS, or USPS, they are all good around here. Amazon is a different story though, I’m not a Prime member, never have been, never will be. Amazon’s order processing is my complaint, in my experience it slowed down very much from what it was a few years ago. The slowdown was gradual but increased until it seemed like Amazon was just sitting on almost every order for days, then for days and days before getting them processed and out their doors. Finally I just gave up and only use them for research and the very occasional order. eBay has become my go-to shop, I carefully peruse reviews on Amazon then go look up the item on eBay, after checking out seller ratings and such, I order. I usually get free shipping but with no minimum purchase required, and yes, I compare prices with and without shipping costs so I know if I’m getting a better deal or just equal to Amazon. I usually do better on eBay. Mind you, you absolutely HAVE TO check out seller ratings to buy from good people, I don’t like any seller with less than 99% positive, it seems like I have problems with lesser ones. Amazon can take a flying leap at a fast train for all I care. And eBay is starting to have buyer reviews too, not many yet, but it’s coming. [Reply] Daniel Lewis says: March 16, 2016 at 5:31 am The USPS situation is very aggravating. I sure do miss the days UPS would leave the package on my porch if I didn’t happen to be home or get the door in time. Now I, like many other Americans, am faced with the dreaded “Delivery Attempted” Pink Slip. The current mailman, who is supposed to deliver parcels in the morning now comes to our house with his Pink Slips pre-filled out and doesn’t even make an attempt to deliver any package over a certain size/weight determined by him! Well I got tired of it. So tired in fact that I took the morning off on the day that I knew there was a package to arrive. I filmed his deed and the conversation I had about it with him. The recording has been accepted by his boss who also gave me the number for the Postal Inspectors (PI) who he said would be able to handle it with a heavier hand. Apparently postal workers get away with a lot and their immediate supervisors’ chidings go on deaf ears. I’ve complained to the boss a few times and he’s fed up too, thus the PI involvement. You don’t have to put up with the poor service by lazy postal workers. Stand up to the USPS and you’ll be surprised to learn that they are nothing more than another service industry. Granted, it is a lot harder to make a complaint that actually effects change, but postal workers like their jobs, especially in our current economy. If you push hard enough they will come around. [Reply] William` says: March 21, 2016 at 3:35 pm It is no surprise when a notice is received or you look on line and track your item with Amazon displaying that your order was delivered. Anytime you are dealing with the “USPS” it is a big maybe with luck that your order will be delivered on time. Amazon should step up to the plate and let you know that though they promise it’s delivery time of your order on a specific date, once the USPS get’s a hold of it, it becomes only a possibility of being delivered on the date promised. Time and time again at our corporate office individuals come up to me commenting that their order is showing that it was delivered, and I have to go through the tedious process of explaining it is probably hovering somewhere at the US Postal Service Office, and hopefully you will receive it in a day or two. Hey Amazon! stop making promises you have no control over. [Reply] Maria says: April 7, 2016 at 12:10 pm I am considering cancelling my Amazon Prime service due to issues with USPS. I don’t want to pay the Amazon Prime fee just to have to drive to the post office in Kingston, NY to pick my packages up because the carrier who delivers mail to the house is too lazy to get out of her truck. USPS is so unreliable and in this case, incompetent. This carrier even misdelivers other people’s Amazon packages to my house; I can’t even imagine where some of mine have ended up. They scan a package as delivered when the package is not delivered, and Amazon has to pay to replace your shipment. I’d rather pay an extra fee to have my orders shipped by UPS rather than deal with the guessing game of what’s going to happen when I place an order. AMAZON you are NOT saving money if you have to constantly replace people’s orders due to USPS bumbling and fraud, and at some point, your Prime members will go elsewhere. [Reply] Ellen says: May 27, 2016 at 3:47 pm I am having the same frustration. Amazon Prime used to be UPS, and regardless, the USPS in our town used to actually deliver packages to your door. After an incident where a mailman got into a fender bender, the regional office made a policy not to drive up driveways where they would have to back up. They only deliver if you have a large, circular driveway. Never mind that my house is about 10 yards from the mailbox. Now, as others have mentioned, Amazon Prime delivers by USPS, which will only leave a slip, not even load the package on the truck, which results in an at minimum one day delay picking up the package. And you have to take time off work. [Reply] Rick says: June 13, 2016 at 4:51 pm I just discovered last week that I had been changed from UPS to U.S.P.S. for Amazon Prime deliveries. I live in Murphy, NC which is a pretty small town. We moved into our home in late February. I have had approximately 24 deliveries form either UPS or FedEx, ironically sometimes they pull up at the same time but don’t talk to each other! My problem is U.S.P.S. will not deliver any mail to my home. My mailbox is about 6 tenths of a mile from my home at the bottom of a small mountain. There rule is if your mailbox is more than 1/2 mile from your home they will not deliver any parcels to your door. So now, every order I place with Amazon is not even attempted for delivery, they just stick the notice of delivery attempt ( what a joke ) in your mailbox. If you don’t pick up the item the next day it will be returned to Amazon. I have spoken with 2 Amazon CSR’s and 1 Amazon CSR Supervisor. Not one of them claimed to know about this agreement with U.S.P.S. I would surely hate to stop using Amazon, I have been a Prime member since 2007. It looks like Amazon has gotten too big for it’s britches. [Reply] Trent says: June 21, 2016 at 9:16 am The problem I have with USPS is not that I ever have to go to the post office to pick something up (never have, never will–Amazon will refund me before I do). The problem is USPS sucks. And sucks hard. I frequently get mail that belongs to my next-door neighbor. I have to wonder how often my own mail never reaches my own mailbox. Packages? Often, they’re supposed to be delivered, but the USPS driver overlooks it. I know this to be the case because there have been a couple times I’ve been working outside, seen the USPS driver pass my house, then drop a package right before leaving the neighborhood. I’ve also seen “Out for delivery” status change to “Delivered” even when they haven’t delivered it. This means they forgot. So far, I’ve gotten it the next delivery day. And right now, a package that was supposed to be delivered today was misdirected by USPS, and is in the entirely wrong state. No idea when I’ll get it. I get that USPS is cheaper than UPS, but there’s a bloody good reason for that. I’d GLADLY pay extra for UPS, Amazon. [Reply] AROD says: August 6, 2016 at 7:44 pm Management is at fault with most of what goes on in the post office. All they are worried about is the carrier street time and that the carriers should be back by 5:00 PM…atleast in NYC. All they do is rush, rush, rush. They are not concerned about the service some carriers provide. [Reply] Vickie White says: September 5, 2016 at 9:37 pm Wow I am overwhelmed by all the negative responses to USPS sunday and holiday delivery for Amazon. First off I want to comment on the mailbox situation. If you don’t have the very large mailbox that many small and medium packages fit in quit your bitching. Your mail carrier is not responsible for rain, theft or your dog that they cannot tell is a threat by the bark and beware of dog signs that are posted. There is no reason on GOD’S earth you need anything other than a prescription delivered on a Sunday or a holiday. Not to mention that by ordering on line you support other countries economic growth but not America’s. So get off your lazy asses and go to a store and support your community and shop there. No worries then about where your purchases end up or when they arrive at your home. Disgruntled postal worker. [Reply] mark rouse says: September 8, 2016 at 4:12 am I will take USPS over UPS any day. I have never had an item lost or damaged by USPS be it shipping or receiving. Cant say the same thing about UPS. [Reply] Dan Brown says: September 15, 2016 at 9:04 pm I think people are having differing experiences is because the work ethic and morale isn’t constant across the Entire USPS. Some major mail hubs are horrible. They also have different delivery tactics in different areas. One mail carrier will concentrate on just packages, and in more rural areas they will be handled by the regular mail carrier. The USPS is also starting to hire private contractors, especially in more rural areas, not always the best trained or qualified. Also, some mail hubs are better than others. Just track a package coming from NYC through New Jersey, or anything going through Allen Park Michigan. [Reply] Ellen in NH says: September 16, 2016 at 2:49 pm My experiences with USPS is horrible when compared with other carriers who deliver very well. My daughter is in an apartment in Burlington, VT with a suite of mailboxes. There are larger boxes used for packages – when a package arrives, a note is put in the mailbox to look in the package box. Works well except on days when more packages arrive than there are boxes available. Then USPS puts a redelivery notice in the mailbox and expects my daughter to pick up at Post Office – problem is there are two PO’s serving that zip – so yesterday she had two slips for going to two different POs for packages. She fills out the slip to have it redelivered to no avail. Doesn’t happen. There is management office upstairs with locked mailroom. All other carriers drop there and the office delivers. USPS won’t because the package is in daughters name, not Mgmt company (but all other carries do it). I’ve asked for a waiver to sign to say they can be delivered to Mgmt office if boxes are full; USPS won’t do it. Instead they take the package back with them and leave the redelivery slip that starts the cycle over for 3 times and then package returns to sender. Geez – I wonder why people are using USPS less and less – could it be the lack of common sense ? Just have students sign a waiver saying the Mgmt Office is OK to leave parcels at. Heck, Fedex and other companies don’t even need that. It is, after all, a locked mail room. Also – I sent a package to my nephew at Christmas. USPS is supposed to use a security code to put package in secure gated area – if they did, he would have received. They didn’t It was DC area, he never got. But heck, I shipped it express, it was insured, so no worries, right? Wrong. They said I needed to prove they didn’t leave in gated area – they didn’t pay. Really? Is that good customer service? I wish Amazon would allow me to pick a carrier. USPS would not be it. [Reply] Bob Fricker says: September 28, 2016 at 11:18 am Misery… USPS delivers to our community mail boxes with shared parcel (larger) boxes. They put the key to Box “F” in our mail box so we can get the parcel… Key Does Not Work! Can’t seem to catch the mail carrier when she delivers and she can’t see the notes we leave in our mail box it seems. Our items are sitting that parcel box 4 or 5 days now. Neither the USPS or Amazon make it easy to remedy the problem of “Delivered” be a misrepresentation of the facts. If you deliver it to some place that I can’t get to, that is not a proper deliver. I see part of the problem as one of poor customer service. USPS is hard to get help from. Try waiting an hour or more for someone to help you on the phone, for example. Try picking your way through their web site and not being able to find any menu or information that addresses your problem, for hours. I don’t tolerate poor service for long as both entities may soon discover. [Reply] Cindy M says: October 1, 2016 at 1:07 am USPS is refusing to deliver packages to my home. They mark my boxes as Vacation Hold and I have to go to the Post Office, wait 30 minutes in line and carry the box to my car myself. Today I picked up a box that was so damaged they gave it to me inside a big black garbage bag. They refused to ship the item back to the sender. I’m currently waiting for a refund from Amazon. As for the Vacation Hold, the postal worker told my that my letter carrier does not want to carry a heavy box, so he marks it as Vac Hold. That alone is unacceptable, but one of the boxes was small enough to fit in my mail box but he still marked as Vac Hold. UPS and Fed Ex are awesome in my area, simply the best. Since Amazon is using USPS I already canceled all my Auto Shipments and will not be renewing my Prime Membership. I will not be buying anything on Amazon until they stop using USPS. If I have to wait in line and carry the box myself, I’ll just shop at the brick and mortar store, at least they have shopping carts. [Reply] sam says: October 26, 2016 at 7:16 pm Get off your but and go shopping then none of this would be a problem. [Reply] Jeff says: October 30, 2016 at 3:58 pm I stopped using Amazon except for the smallest items that I know will fit into my mailbox. I’m going to get a refund on my Prime Membership too because they are not two days any longer. I’ve spent probably around 40 to $50,000 in 4 years at Amazon. That now is being cut down around 90%. The icing on the cake was, a package has been sitting at the post office since October 6 and the 3 times I went to pick it up, the line was 10+ people with one window open. So, I just notified Amazon to take it back. $150 item. Goodbye Amazon. It was great while it lasted. [Reply] Prime says: November 2, 2016 at 10:10 am I thought it was just me. No wonder why every customer service person I spoke to on Saturday wouldn’t answer my question of “why was my package sent via USPS?” They also didn’t respond to me when they’d say, “thank you for being a Prime Member” and I’d say, “I might not be after today.” I spent 45 minutes on the phone with customer service and had to drive to 2 different post offices to get my package. The post offices were open, but didn’t answer their phones. I brought that up to Amazon and the post offices when I went there in person, and no one would talk to me about that. Glad I found this article…….bye bye Prime. [Reply] Matt says: November 12, 2016 at 11:28 am I never had an issue with FedEX, usually don’t have an issue with UPS, but always have an issue with USPS. Either the package is marked delivered and its not or most times, it gets shipped back to Amazon as Package was undeliverable. I wish Amazon would display under an item that delivery is via USPS, so that I would not order the item to start with. [Reply] Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Newsletter FAQ | Cancel Any Time | We Value Your Privacy Innovation “The Biggest Biotech Discovery of the Century” By David Dittman - Nov 17, 2016 This biotech innovation is the stuff of true sci-fi — so much so that Hollywood has taken notice. But in real life, it could mean the end of disease altogether. GeoMacro Does Donald Trump Really Hate Science? By David Dittman - Nov 15, 2016 Donald Trump ran a campaign on hyperbole and vagueness. Now as he prepares to take office, we take a closer look at his contradictory statements on science to make sense of the future of our favored industries. Special Situations Shocking Twist in the Theranos Fraud Story By David Dittman - Nov 18, 2016 The case of fraud-ridden blood-testing startup Theranos took another twist this week with the shocking disclosure of the whistleblower on the company’s wrongdoing. SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2016 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
Back Area Police Beat Eriangel Diaz, 21, who was already incarcerated at the Citrus County Detention Facility (arrested Aug. 31) on similar charges, was arrested on additional charges of various thefts from the Inverness Walmart. Sept. 1: one count of grand retail theft, two counts of retail petit theft (value more than $100, but less than $300), two counts of retail petit theft (value less than $100), four counts of trafficking or endeavoring to traffic in stolen property and grand theft of $300 or more, but less than $5,000. His total bond was set at $24,000. He's accused of taking 3 items from the store to the service desk for a $99.08 gift card on Aug. 18; taking 6 items from the store to the service desk on Aug. 18 for a gift card of $242.82; taking 7 items from the pharmacy department on Aug. 26 and returning them to the service desk for a $125.51 gift card, then walking out of the store with a table valued at $26.48 without attempting to pay for it, then of returning 24 items for a gift card of $796.07; then on Aug. 27, taking 8 items with a value of $328.66 to the service desk, but being declined for a cash refund. The report stated that the transactions were captured on store surveillance.   Scott Matthew Walsh, 51, Hernando, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 1, charged with aggravated battery using a deadly weapon (bond ($10,000).   Sara LaVone White, 32, 202 Edison St., Inverness, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 1 on a Citrus County warrant for battery (bond $1,000).    Nicholas William Cooper, 26, 1394 W. Brandywine St., Lecanto, FL, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 2, charged with criminal mischief of $1,000 or more. The arrest report stated, according to witnesses, Cooper arrived at the victim's workplace in Inverness, pounding on windows, trying to get inside, then began kicking and punching the victim's vehicle. The victim told deputies that Cooper was extremely intoxicated, according to the report. The report also stated that a side mirror of the vehicle was shattered and loose, a front tire was slashed, and there were multiple dents and footprints on the drivers door, the rear driver’s side door and the driver’s side window. Damages to the vehicle were estimated at $1,500.   Richard Clarence Miller, IV, 21, Panama City Beach, FL, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 2, charged with possession of a controlled substance and driving while license suspended or revoked (knowingly, first offense). His total bond was set at $3,000. The arrest was the result of a traffic stop in Homosassa for a driver's license check, as the deputy recognized him and verified through the AEGIS system that he had no current valid license. After gassing up the vehicle, the other driver drove away, but deputies (and surveillance at the gas station) had already seen Miller driving earlier. He was also found to be in possession of methamphetamine.   Jason Michael Pounders, Sr., 3442 E. Deer Run Ln., Hernando, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 2, on a Citrus County warrant for parent failing to require that a minor student attend school. His bond was set at $500.   Kyle William Allen, 30, Dunnellon, was arrested by the Williston Police Department, Sept. 3, during a traffic stop for erratic driving. The report stated that he was weaving between lanes, speeding occasionally at 10 mph above the posted speed, alternating with slowing the vehicle's speed. He was unsteady on his feet and had difficulty conversing with police as he couldn't remember the conversational thread, according to the report, which also stated that he refused to submit to breath alcohol testing. He was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs (surety/cash bond $5,000) and knowingly driving while license suspended or revoked (surety/cash bond $5,000).    Lisa Ann Clancy, 51, 6615 W. Pahalie Ct., Crystal River, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 3, charged with operating a vehicle without a valid driver's license and driving under the influence with damage to property (total bond $1,500). The crash occurred in Homosassa at the intersection of S. Corbett Ave. and W. Whipoorwill St. The report stated that the vehicle crashed through a wire fence at 4610 S. Corbitt Ave. Clancy was the driver of a friend's vehicle. According to the arrest report, Clancy exhibited signs of intoxication and admitted to having consumed two wine coolers earlier. She agreed to roadside sobriety testing and performed poorly, the report stated.   Holly Eileen Marie Hockenberry, 39, 222 S. Monroe St., Beverly Hills, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 3, on a Citrus County warrant for obtaining property by means of a worthless check; bond $2,000.00.   Mitchell James Kelley, 35, Homosassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 4, charged with criminal mischief of $200 or less and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon without intent to kill (total bond $2,500). According to accounts of witnesses, the victim and Kelley, Kelley and the victim got into an argument due to a relative telling Kelley that she suspects the victim of an attempt to burglarize her property, several nights previously. The victim and a witness stated they thought, but did not see, Kelley breaking the window of a camper. Video surveillance showed the victim walking with a stick, then Kelley and another person walking onto the victim's property, the victim pushing Kelley, another person giving Kelley a walking stick, and Kelley and the victim swinging the sticks. The surveillance video did not show either of the two hitting the other. Due to the facts, circumstances and video, the report stated, Kelley was placed under arrest after he was examined at Seven Rivers Regional Medical Center in Crystal River due to several abrasions.   An 18 year-old Floral City youth was arrested on a felony charge, possession of a controlled substance, Sept. 5. His bond was set at $2,000. The report stated that he was in possession of three 10 mg hydrocodone tablets and was arrested at the McDonald's restaurant in Inverness. Deputies went to the restaurant to investigate a complaint that a man - who fit the youth's description - was trying to sell drugs. He told deputies he'd stolen the tablets from a relative, but denied that he'd attempted to sell the pills.   Patricia Ann Clair, 46, S. Calais Ter., Homosassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 6, on a Hernando County warrant for 21 counts of exploitation of an elderly or disabled person less than $10,000; 4 counts of fraud - illegal use of a credit card, and 1 count of grand theft of $300 or more, but less than $5,000. Her total bond was set at $52,000.   A duo was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 6, after deputies investigated a complaint at the Dollar General store, located at 3041 S. Florida Ave. in Inverness, that a woman had attempted to make a purchase with a counterfeit $100 bill. Deputies learned that three people were trying to pass $100 bills at various businesses in the area. The three were located after a BOLO (be on the lookout) was issued for the trio. Phylicia Eileen Lennox, 24, 1021 Kendall Heath Way, Land O' Lakes, FL, was arrested as the suspect who attempted to defraud the Dollar General store, and Derrick Kamran Collins, 25, 12341 Drystdale St., Spring Hill, FL, was arrested as the suspect who attempted to defraud the Beall's department store. Each was charged with uttering a forged bill and scheme to defraud less than $20,000. Neither was given bond, as they both live in other areas.   Judith Ilona Natiello, 32, 2244 W. Gardenia Dr., Dunnellon, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 6, charged with a misdemeanor, leaving the scene of a crash with property damage ($500 bond). The arrest report stated that  deputies met with the complainant at U.S. Hwy. 19 and McKinley St. where, she said, a black Cadillac struck the rear of her vehicle while she was stopped in the median break. She said the female driver smiled at her as she pulled away. A short time later, the driver and the black Cadillac were located in Homosassa at a S. Candy Lane Dr. residence. Ms. Natiello told deputies that her vehicle was smoking and she left the scene of the crash because she was afraid. She gave deputies details of the crash, plus there was sufficient evidence that Ms. Natiello's vehicle was the vehicle in question due to the damages, a lost Cadillac part at the crash site and red paint transfer on the right front fender.   Crystal Nadine Rollen, 26, 10770 N.Manhattan Pt., Dunnellon, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 6, charged with burglary of an unoccupied residence (bond $10,000). Ms. Rollen is accused of taking items from a N. Dunedin Rd., Dunnellon, residence. The report stated that Rollen contacted the victim by phone, allegedly admitting that she'd stolen items from his residence and asking to meet with him at a Crystal River auto parts store so he could buy the items back from her. The victim agreed to meet her at the store, then contacted deputies about the proposed meeting details. Deputies went to the store and found Rollen sitting on a curb at the side of the building. She was in possession of a DVD player, three nail guns and a Volkswagon key - items reported as being taken in the burglary. Rollen professed her innocence and gave deputies the name of a man she said had committed the crime. However, the man denied involvement when deputies contacted him by phone. The items were returned to the victim.   Daniel Robert Yunk, 33, 3428 S. Alabama Ave., Homosassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 6, charged with possession of a controlled substance (0.29 gm methamphetamine) and possession of drug paraphernalia (glass smoking pipe). His total bond was set at $3,000. The arrest came as the result of a traffic stop for a stop sign violation. A K-9 deputy made a positive result, the vehicle was searched, and the items were found.   Gregory Lee Bullington, 31, Homosassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with felony domestic battery by strangulation (no bond).    Dorothy Lisa Cotten, 51, 4195 E. Parsons Pt. Rd. #37, Hernando, was issued a misdemeanor citation by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with petit theft (value less than $100). She's accused of taking three 24-packs of batteries and two 12-packs of ink pens with a total value of $84.76 from the Inverness Walmart without paying for the items. Cotten told deputies that she'd taken the items with the intention of returning them for a gift card she could use to obtain gas with for driving to an out-of-state funeral. She was then trespassed from the store.   Richard Andrew Stevens, 28, 21632 NW Wonderin Rd., Altha, FL, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with possession of controlled substance (0.5 gm methamphetamine), possession of drug paraphernalia (two smoking pipes) and disorderly conduct/breach of peace (total bond $3,500). The report stated that deputies were called to U.S. Hwy. 19 and NW Snug Harbor Rd. due to a disturbance on a Greyhound Bus. As the call came in, the deputy happened to be driving by the bus, and the bus driver was flagging him down. The deputy stopped. The driver told the deputy that a passenger was lying on the floor, yelling and going crazy, the report stated, and he appeared to be under the influence of some type of narcotic. The deputy escorted Stevens off the bus, and had to catch Stevens to stop him from falling. The deputy patted Stevens down and found the items.   Thomas Declan Ebbert, 23, 2040 N. Twig Pt., Inverness, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with possession of a controlled substance (0.3 gm methamphetamine), driving while license suspended or revoked knowingly and possession of cannabis less than 20 grams (approximately 1 gm). His total bond was set at $3,500. The report stated that the vehicle Ebbert was driving stopped abruptly (at 2:19 am) at a closed business located at 2821 W. Dunnellon Rd., Dunnellon. The deputy learned that the tag on the vehicle was assigned to another vehicle, Ebbert's driver's license had been suspended for failure to pay traffic fines, and Ebbert had an arrest warrant for failure to appear. The vehicle was searched, due to Ebbert's arrest, and the drug was found.    Maleem Fleming, 27, U.S. Virgin Islands, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, on a Broward County warrant for aggravated battery using a deadly weapon, His bond was set at none.   Heather LeAnn Gilmore, 34, 69 N. Sheltering Oaks Dr., Inverness, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with possession of a controlled substance (0.5 gm methamphetamine). Her bond was set at $2,000. The arrest came as the result of a traffic stop in Beverly Hills for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign and also of driving erratically after the traffic infraction. She gave permission for her vehicle to be searched, and the drug was found during the search.   James Lewis Miller, 30, 6525 S. Bobwhite Dr., Homosassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with felony possession of a controlled substance (33.5 gms marijuana) and possession of drug paraphernalia (a digital scale and 3 plastic baggies). His bond was set at $3,000. The arrest was the result of a complaint of a suspicious person sitting in a Honda Civic in a vacant lot near a Homosassa residence. While driving in the area of the complaint, deputies saw the vehicle driving away, and the deputy followed it until the car turned into the Circle K gas station and parked. The deputy asked the occupants to roll down a window, and when it was rolled down, smoke billowed out, and the deputy smelled cannabis. The vehicle was searched, and the items were found. Miller was a rear seat passenger. Another passenger was issued a notice to appear citation for possession of cannabis (less than 20 gms) and released on his own recognizance.   Amanda Iris Moore, 26, of Homosassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, on numerous charges related to three different cases. She was already an inmate at the Citrus County Detention Facility since Sept. 2, when she was arrested on a failure to appear warrant. In one case, she was charged with uttering a forged check in the amount of $486.79 from the Homosassa Riverside Resort and cashed at the Crystal River Publix on May 28, 2016 (bond $2,000). In a second case, she accused of uttering a forged check in the amount of $491.33 from the Homosassa Riverside Resort and cashing it at the Publix, located at 9525 S. Suncoast Blvd., Homosassa, on May 26, 2016 (bond $2,000). In a third case, Moore is accused of uttering a forged check in the amount of  $483.77 from the Homosassa Riverside Resort and cashing it at the Chevron Quik Stop, located at 118 NW U.S. Hwy. 19, Crystal River, on May 28, 2016 (bond $2,000).   Jacob Russell Perin, 24, Inverness, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with felony domestic battery by strangulation (no bond).   Bryan Clarence Reynolds, 39, 11130 W. Yemassee Ln., Homosassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 7, charged with possession of a controlled substance (0.2 gm methamphetamine). His bond was set at $2,000. The arrest came as the result of a traffic stop in Old Homosassa, at 11:15 pm, for riding a bicycle with no front or rear lights. Reynolds was searched, and the drug was found in two small packets. During the stop, Reynolds discussed his use of methamphetamine for about two years and asked for some form of rehabilitation during his interview, the report stated.   Scott Anthony Gideon, 44, 8620 W. Mayo Dr. Apt. 44, Crystal River, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 8, charged with a misdemeanor, disorderly intoxication (bond $500). The report stated that Gideon and his roommate were involved in an argument about a recent pawn of their television. The two were given a stern warning form the deputy in regard to their level of their intoxication and the number of calls related to disturbing the peace at the residence (four calls on Aug. 31, two calls on Sept. 2, two calls on Sept. 4 and one call on Sept. 5). About an hour later, the sheriff's office received a complaint from a neighbor, that Gideon was screaming and banging on the walls, asking his roommate to let him in. This time he was arrested.   Shanna Lee Holwager, 41, homeless in the area near the Homosassa Library in Homasassa, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 8, charged with trespassing at the RaceTrac gas station. Her bond was set at $1,000. The manager complained that Holwager was getting into verbal arguments with customers. Deputies found her, lying on the ground, near the building, at the rear of the business. She had previously been trespassed from the business on Jan. 14, 2016, the report stated.   Jashon Mobley, 31, homeless in the Crystal River area, was arrested by the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, Sept. 8, charged with petit theft (value less that $100) and burglary of an unoccupied structure, with his total bond set at $5,250. The report stated that Mobley is accused of making forced entry into the General Store, located at 639 N. Citrus Ave., Crystal River, on Aug. 2. and taking $35 in cash from the cash register. Fingerprints were taken from the burglary scene, and the results came back on Sept. 7 as matching Mr. Mobley's fingerprints. Mr. Mobley was located at 855 NE 5th St., Crystal River and taken into custody. He denied involvement in the burglary.  
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Mediaplanet and YMCA of the USA Team Up to Fight Hunger in America Mediaplanet and YMCA of the USA Team Up to Fight Hunger in America Posted on September 16, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer September 16th, 2016— Mediaplanet today announces the newest edition of our “Feeding Our Nation” campaign. New York, NY (PRWEB) September 16, 2016 The annual campaign returns to shed light on the different ways we are helping end hunger in America. From exclusive interviews, resources and inspirational stories, “Feeding Our Nation” tackles the variety of problems that we are dealing with in our country regarding hunger, and ways that we can do individually to make it a thing of the past. It also provides insight to the developing trends and tech within the industry, from leading advocates and associations—namely YMCA of the USA. The aim of this campaign will be to raise awareness to our readers for Hunger in America, and inspire action ranging from making donations, volunteering, and supporting the organizations that have amazing hunger initiatives. From childhood to senior hunger, and everything in between, we have found amazing solutions to help make hunger a thing of the past. One company that is going above and beyond to help fight hunger in America is YMCA of the USA. To help kids stay healthy, succeed in school and reach their full potential, the Y feeds kids throughout the summer and afterschool, thanks to support from the Walmart Foundation. Combining educational and physical activity, the programs keep kids’ minds and bodies active, while also serving a healthy to kids who may otherwise be at risk of hunger when the school day ends. Last year, the Y served over 485,000 kids nearly 18 million meals and snacks nationwide. The print component of “Feeding Our Nation” is distributed within the weekend edition of USA Today in New York, Los Angeles, Washington D.C./Baltimore, and New Orleans markets with a circulation of approximately 250,000 copies and an estimated readership of 750,000 people. The digital component is distributed through a vast social media strategy, across a system of top news sites and partner outlets. About YMCA of the USA The Y is one of the nation’s leading nonprofits strengthening communities through youth development, healthy living and social responsibility. Across the U.S., 2,700 Ys engage 22 million men, women and children – regardless of age, income or background – to nurture the potential of children and teens, improve the nation’s health and well-being, and provide opportunities to give back and support neighbors. Anchored in more than 10,000 communities, the Y has the long-standing relationships and physical presence not just to promise, but to deliver, lasting personal and social change. About Mediaplanet Mediaplanet is the leading independent publisher of content-marketing campaigns covering a variety of topics and industries. We turn consumer interest into action by providing readers with motivational editorial, pairing it with relevant advertisers and distributing it within top newspapers and online platforms around the world. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/09/prweb13690423.htm Latest News FlightStats Becomes Official Source Of American Airlines Data Beverly Hills Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Paul Nassif, is Now Offering Eyelid Surgeries Using the Latest Techniques UNCF Raises Funds for the Next Generation of Leaders at the Indianapolis Masked Ball This Thanksgiving, Eat Out or Order In and Help Fight World Hunger with Stop Hunger Now Woolpert Contracted to Rehabilitate and Protect Covered Bridges Nurse Mates Launches Align™ Corrective Lifestyle Footwear Collection HAI Group Acquires InspectUS Housing Inspection Software Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Beaumont Solar Expands and Opens New Office in Providence, Rhode Island to Service Local Customers and Meet Growing Solar Demand © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Inflation Data Renews And Aggravates Rate Hike Worries 9/16/2016 8:55 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Friday after some fairly innocuous data in terms of their implications for Fed rates offered some solace yesterday. The recent trigger that has brought up rate hike worries all over again is the U.S. consumer price inflation report for August, which came in more than expected, signaling that there is some scope for upward maneuvering of rates. Commodities are all in the red, as the dollar is firming up. In the absence of any major catalysts, traders may prefer to be on the sidelines or lighten their holdings ahead of next week's two major central bank decisions. U.S. stocks advanced solidly on Thursday, with tempered rate hike fears serving as a spring board for the markets to rebound from recent weakness. The major averages opened higher, as traders digested a slew of soft domestic data, which allayed fears concerning a near-term interest rate hike. The averages rose steadily before ending notably higher. The Dow Industrials added 177.71 points or 0.99 percent before ending at 18,213, the S&P 500 Index closed 21.49 points or 1.01 percent higher at 2,147 and the Nasdaq Composite ended at 5,250, up 75.92 points or 1.47 percent. All thirty Dow components closed the session higher, with Apple (AAPL), Intel (INTC), Merck (MRK), Microsoft (MSFT), UnitedHealth (UNH), Caterpillar (CAT), Wal-Mart (WMT) and Procter & Gamble (PG) leading the gains. Among the sectors, semiconductor, computer hardware, brokerage, energy and biotechnology stocks showed notable moves to the upside. On the economic front, the Labor Department reported that jobless claims rose to 260,000 in the week ended September 10th from 259,000 in the previous week. The four-week average eased to 260,750 from 261,250. Continuing claims calculated with a week's lag were little changed at 2.143 million in the week ended September 3rd. The Commerce Department reported that retail sales slipped 0.3 percent month-over-month in August following a revised 0.1 percent gain in July. Excluding autos, retail sales declined a more modest 0.1 percent compared to the 0.4 percent decline in July. Auto sales fell 0.9 percent following July's 1.7 percent jump. The decline in building material and garden equipment store sales steepened to 1.4 percent from 0.7 percent. Miscellaneous store and non-store retail sales also saw notable decreases. However, the drop in furniture and home furnishing store sales slowed to 0.7 percent from 1.1 percent and electronic store sales rebounded by 0.1 percent. Food and beverage sales rebounded. Gasoline store sales fell at a slower pace of 0.8 percent. A separate Commerce Department report showed that business inventories remained virtually unchanged in July compared to the previous month. Annually, inventories climbed 0.5 percent. Business sales edged down 0.2 percent month-over-month and were 0.8 percent lower from last year. The business inventories/sales ratio rose to 1.39 in July from 1.37 in the year-ago period. The Labor Department report on producer prices showed tame inflationary pressure. The producer price index for final demand was unchanged in August compared to the previous month, while economists expected a 0.1 percent increase. The core producer price index for final demand rose at a faster 0.3 percent clip compared to a flat reading in June. The results of the Philadelphia Federal Reserve's business outlook survey showed that its diffusion index of business activity rose sharply to 12.8 in September from 2 in August. However, the inner details were mixed. The new orders index rose to 1.4 from -7.2, while the unfilled orders index was at an anemic -10.8. The shipments index and the employee index were also in negative territory. Meanwhile, the New York Federal Reserve's survey showed that manufacturing activity in the region continued to contract in September. The general business conditions index improved to -1.99 in September from -4.21 in August, while economists expected a reading of -1. The new orders and unfilled orders indexes were at -7.45 and -11.61, respectively. The employment index is deep in the red at -14.29. Industrial production fell 0.4 month-over-month in August, according to a report released by the Federal Reserve. Economists expect a 0.2 percent drop. Manufacturing output also declined 0.4 percent, reversing the 0.4 percent increase in July and steeper than the 0.3 percent drop expected by economists. Capacity utilization eased 0.4 percentage points to 75.5 percent. Currency, Commodity Markets Crude oil futures for October delivery are slipping $0.83 to $43.08 barrel after rising $0.33 to $43.91 a barrel on Thursday. Gold futures are currently trading at $1,312.80 an ounce, down $5 from the previous session's close of $1,318 an ounce, which represented a 2-week low. On Thursday, gold fell $8. 10. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 102.01 yen compared to the 102.10 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Thursday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1201 compared to yesterday's $1.1244. Asia Asian stocks rebounded from a six-week low, encouraged by Wall Street's rally overnight. The markets in China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, South Korea and Taiwan were closed for public holidays. The Japanese market rose as the yen remained subdued at the lower 102-levels. The Nikkei 225 Index opened higher and moved roughly sideways in a broad range in the morning before advancing in the afternoon. The index ended up 114.28 points or 0.70 percent at 16,519. The Australian market rose for a third straight day, as easing Fed rate hike worries helped lift stocks across the board. The All Ordinaries index closed up 59.60 points or 1.12 percent at 5,397. The market witnessed broad based strength, with utility, telecom, consumer discretionary and financial stocks making strong advances. Europe The European markets moved about in a lackluster manner in the morning after rebounding from a 5-session decline yesterday. The averages opened higher but saw a volatile bout in the morning. The averages are currently notably lower, as U.S. inflation data has served to intensify the weakness. In major corporate news, Deutsche Bank (DB) said it has no intent to pay the $14 billion sought by the U.S. Justice Department to settle potential civil claims anywhere near the number cited. U.S. Economic Reports Consumer prices in the U.S. increased by slightly more than expected in the month of August, according to a report released by the Labor Department. The Labor Department said its consumer price index rose by 0.2 percent in August after coming in unchanged in July. Economists had expected prices to inch up by 0.1 percent. Excluding food and energy prices, core consumer prices climbed by 0.3 percent in August after edging up by 0.1 percent in July. Core prices had been expected to rise by 0.2 percent. The University of Michigan is scheduled to release its preliminary U.S. consumer sentiment index for September at 10 am ET. The index is expected to increase to 90.8 from 89.8. Stocks in Focus Oracle (ORCL) reported below-consensus results for its first quarter and issued weak earnings forecast for the second quarter, as its traditional software business weakens. Authentic Brand Group (ABG), General Growth Properties (GGP) and Simon Property Group (SPG) finalized the acquisition of Aeropostale. Standard & Poor's announced that Avis Budget (CAR) will replace Questar (STR) in the S&P MidCap 400 Index after the close of trading on September 16th. This follows Questar being acquired by Dominion Resources (D). by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Facebook Stops WhatsApp Data Sharing Across Europe Over EU Criticism Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down JPMorgan Nears Over $250 Mln Settlement Over China Hiring Probe: Reports Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Vonovia Offers 0.496645 Shares/conwert Shr Or Alternative Cash Of EUR 16.16/shr United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet AT&T Stream Saver To Limit Video Quality To 480p Genentech: Actemra Meets Endpoints In Phase III GiACTA Study Digi Rejects $13.82/shr Proposal From Belden - Quick Facts Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products Kidde Recalls 3.6 Mln Combination Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Here's the best grocery store in Alabama By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on September 16, 2016 at 6:01 AM, updated September 16, 2016 at 9:00 AM Print Email The best grocery store in Alabama has three locations in the state. (Contributed photo/Renfroe's Market) Is there anyone who really likes grocery shopping? Probably not. But your shopping experience can differ from store to store and as Daily Meal recently discovered, not all supermarkets are created equal. Daily Meal examined reviews on Google, Yelp, Foursquare and Facebook and analyzed social media posts and check-ins, as well as input from local residents, to determine the best grocery store in each state. Keep in mind, the best grocery store is different than the most popular one in each state, with the second having to do with concentration and number of locations. You can see Alabama's most popular grocery store here. If you're in search of the best grocery store in the state, you will want to look outside the major chains. According to Daily Meal, the state's top supermarket is Renfroe's Market. The locally owned grocery store has two locations in Montgomery and one in Dadeville. Here's how the Daily Meal described Renfroe's: "A longtime Montgomery institution, Renfroe's Market focuses on giving value to every customer's dollar. As one reviewer put it, "Kind of like Wal-Mart and Publix in 1. Layout and selection of Publix but prices like Wal-Mart! Great grocery store!" Welcome to Friday's Wake Up Call. Let's see what's going on today: $24k of fish stolen The city of Villa Rica, Georgia wants to know what happened to its fish. Someone stole $24,000 worth of city-owned koi fish that were at the Pine Mountain Gold Museum. A surveillance camera captured the image of three men that are suspected of being involved in the fish caper. The three men had fishing poles, officials said, and are believed to have made off with at least eight fish valued at $3,000 each. Giant meteorite uncovered One of the largest meteorites ever discovered has been unearthed in Argentina. Scientists said the meteorite, dubbed Gancedo, weighs about 30 tons. It's thought it smashed into the Earth more than 4,000 years ago. If all the tests check out, Gancedo would be the third largest meteorite ever found. The largest, unearthed in Africa, weighs in at 66 tons. Woman in infamous heroin photo jailed The Ohio grandmother whose image went viral after a photo of her and a friend passed out in a car from an apparent heroin overdose – all while her 4-year-old grandson was in the backseat – will spend the next 180 days in jail. Rhonda Pasek pleaded no contest to of endangering a child, public intoxication, and a seat belt violation. Court officials said she will be required to serve her full 180 day sentence. James Lee Acord, 47, who was arrested with Pasek, has also pleaded no contest and is serving a 360 day sentence for endangering a child and other charges. Pasek, 50, was arrested Sept. 7. She had been raising the 4-year-old boy, and his 3-year-old brother, because her son and his girlfriend were unable to care for the children. The boys have now been placed with their great aunt and uncle in South Carolina. Part of missing Malaysian plane found A large item of debris found off the coast of Tanzania is part of the missing Malaysia Airlines Fight MH370, officials said. The debris is part of the outboard flap of the plane. It was found in June but its source was just confirmed by Australian investigators. MH370 vanished in March 2014 as it flew from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board, prompting a massive search. It's believed the plane crashed into the southern Indian Ocean. Until tomorrow. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

