2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Washington Wizards Bradley Beal plays ‘Holiday Helper’ to assist families in Fort Totten The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Candace Buckner December 17, 2016 Follow @CandaceDBuckner Bradley Beal spent Saturday afternoon at the Fort Totten Wal-Mart, surprising families by picking up their bill — as well as bagging their groceries and toys. (Courtesy of the Washington Wizards) Perhaps the woman with the cart full of pink toy boxes was having a bad day and needed a jolt of joy. Or possibly the elderly woman, who had to go back and grab a six-pack of Glucerna nutritional shakes for her husband, was struggling to afford the groceries. And maybe, just maybe, if the lime-green Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles bicycle was already waiting at the checkout line, then the exasperated man could finally convince his 5-year-old grandson to learn how to work the pedals. That’s why Washington Wizards guard Bradley Beal hid inside the small loss-prevention office at Wal-Mart. He wore a floppy Santa’s elf hat and a “Bradley” name tag and strapped on a green-and-red satchel with big lettering: “Holiday Helper”. The “murse,” as he called it, held glossy, autographed 8×10 photos and thousands of dollars’ worth of gift cards. Beal didn’t know the shoppers at the Fort Totten location. He wasn’t aware of their stories. But he imagined they could use some help. “She’s got a lot of toys,” Beal said, studying one of the four television monitors and spying a young woman. “Yeah, we’re getting it.” On Saturday afternoon, Beal surprised several families by stepping in and paying for their large purchases. For more than two hours, Beal tried to remain incognito as a holiday spy — which grew more difficult since a boom mic and cameras tracked his movement once he emerged from the tiny office. After selecting families that stood out on the monitors, Beal followed them. He even packed their groceries at register No. 9. Though he wasn’t much of a bag boy — packing conservatively while unaware that each plastic bag totaled five cents — Beal gave a charitable assist. “Damn, man. I don’t believe this,” Eric Hill kept saying after learning that his bill was taken care of. “I guess good stuff do happen at Christmas.” Sashia Jones, the Wizards’ vice president of community relations, strolled the toy aisles searching for possible marks and overheard Hill trying to convince his grandson Jayden to want a bicycle for Christmas. Jayden wasn’t budging, a bit too worried about riding two wheels. But Beal had the bicycle pulled out anyway so that Hill could spread toys around the Christmas tree and make it look as full as he had hoped. “I just couldn’t believe,” Hill said. “I just watched [Beal] the other night, watched him in my basement playing basketball. Now he’s behind me paying for my grandson’s bike.” Beal and girlfriend Kamiah Adams greet a member of the Ramirez family after paying for their groceries and toys. (Courtesy of the Washington Wizards) Not every surprised shopper knew the generous man also played for the Wizards, though. Sabrina Marte doesn’t watch much basketball, but she likes “Love & Hip Hop.” Naturally, Marte instantly recognized the tall and beautiful woman alongside Beal, his girlfriend, Kamiah Adams, who had once appeared on the reality television show. Still Marte was grateful the 6-foot-5 basketball player noticed her shopping cart of toys for her nieces and nephews and paid the $167 tab. “Who is he?” Marte asked after Beal had walked away in search for another surprise. This time, Beal found his next shopper at register No. 12. Again watching the monitors, he noticed a small woman named Rose in a burgundy coat hunching over a stockpile of food. “She’s going to need two carts on the way out,” Beal said. While walking to find Ms. Rose, Beal encountered several fans, greeting each one with a handshake and “What’s good, fam?” Then, before Rose and her adult son could finish unloading the large cart, Beal offered to pay. She called Beal a blessing and invited him to her church. Her son implored Beal to score 50 next game. Beal smiled at both requests, then gave them an extra $500 gift card. “I’m happy we’re doing this,” Beal whispered to Adams. Monica Contee (left) and Eric Hill (center) are all smiles after Wizards guard Bradley Beal paid for their Wal-Mart purchases. (Courtesy of the Washington Wizards) Later, Beal couldn’t find the right words to say when he stopped a family of three women and a young boy. The matriarch had to put away a toy truck as the number on the register grew. When Beal grabbed the truck and placed it back to be scanned, the woman wiped tears from her eyes. Beal silently stood next to her, rubbing her back. “I don’t know what you call it, but it’s like a relief,” Beal said. “Just a good act and knowing that you can make other people’s day, you can make other people happy. “You never never know what they could be going through. They could be sad. They could be going through life-altering situations [or] a situation where they’re trying to provide for their family. Maybe their lowest point; you never know,” he continued. “To me, it’s thrilling. It’s exciting. It just makes me feel a lot better no matter what I go through with life. It just makes me feel appreciative of what I have and the platform that I have. I’m blessed and happy to be able to use it to this extent and be a blessing to others as well.” sports wizards-insider Get the top Olympics news by email Major news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox as it happens. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters sports wizards-insider Follow Team USA through the Olympics The top news as Americans compete, delivered to your inbox as it happens. post_newsletter352 magnet-teamusa false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Candace Buckner covers the Wizards for The Washington Post. Follow @CandaceDBuckner Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Hawks trading Kyle Korver to Cavaliers will set bigger NBA events in motion 2 Which NFL wild-card games to watch (and avoid) this weekend 3 Fans are voting for Zaza Pachulia like crazy. Here’s why he still won’t start the NBA All-Star Game. 4 By firing Joe Barry, Jay Gruden makes clear whose job is on the line in 2017 5 Serena Williams posts photo showing huge engagement ring Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game sports wizards-insider Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Stats, scores and schedules MLB Scores Standings Statistics NFL Scores Standings Statistics NBA Scores Standings Statistics NHL Scores Standings Statistics Close video player Now Playing
Skip to Main Content DOS Seal U.S. Department of State Diplomacy in Action Video Twitter Facebook More Flickr YouTube Instagram Google+ Tumblr DipNote Blog RSS Subscribe Toggle Topbar Menu Secretary Kerry Remarks Travel Photos Biography About Mission Statement QDDR Organization Chart Budget Department of State by State Rules and Info Collection Partner With State Senior Officials Alphabetical List of Bureaus and Offices Advisory Groups Biographies Plans, Performance, Budgets Agency Financial Reports Open Government Initiative No FEAR Act Inspector General Hotline U.S. Embassies and Other Posts American Foreign Service Association What We Do Arms Control and International Security Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment Management Political Affairs Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Policy Issues Anti-Corruption Climate & Environment Counterterrorism & Countering Violent Extremism Cyber Issues Defeating ISIL Democracy & Human Rights Economic Affairs & Trade Policy Energy Food Security Health Diplomacy Nonproliferation Oceans & Arctic Refugees Trafficking in Persons Women's Issues Countries & Regions A-Z List of Countries and Other Areas Africa (Sub-Sahara) East Asia and the Pacific Europe and Eurasia Near East (northern Africa, Middle East) South and Central Asia Western Hemisphere (Latin America, the Caribbean, Canada) UN & Other International Organizations Press Daily Press Briefings Press Releases Public Schedule Secretary Kerry's Releases International Media Engagement RSS News Feeds Email Subscriptions Foreign Press Center Search Input Jump to Sub Navigation Home Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Bureau of Public Affairs Bureau of Public Affairs: Office of Press Relations Press Releases Press Releases: 2016 Press Releases: December 2016 New APEC Business Advisory Council Members Named Share Media Note Office of the Spokesperson Washington, DC December 19, 2016 The United States welcomes the appointment of Ms. Marija Zivanovic-Smith, Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Communications at NCR Corporation, and Mr. Scott Price, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer at Walmart International, to the United States Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Business Advisory Council (ABAC). Ms. Zivanovic-Smith and Mr. Price will join current U.S. ABAC member Dr. Richard Cantor, Moody’s Corporation, and will replace Ms. Peggy Johnson, Executive Vice President of Business Development at Microsoft, and Mr. Bart Peterson, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs & Communications at Eli Lilly and Company, at the end of the year. These American business executives will join their ABAC counterparts from other APEC economies to advise APEC Leaders on issues affecting the continued growth of the region’s economy. ABAC, created in 1995, consists of three business representatives from each APEC economy. ABAC meets throughout the year to discuss policy recommendations, undertake activities to promote trade and investment, and reports annually to the Leaders. Ms. Zivanovic-Smith leads a global team as the Vice President of Corporate Marketing, Communications and Government Relations at NCR Corporation and serves as Chief of Staff to NCR’s Chairman and CEO. She is responsible for strategy formulation, developing a strong culture of innovation, promoting a consistent global brand, and positioning NCR as trusted advisor to policy and community leaders worldwide. In 2013, she was elected to the Board of Directors of the Information Technology Industry Council, an advocacy and policy organization for the world's leading innovation companies. Prior to joining NCR, Ms. Zivanovic-Smith spent over seven years leading government and public policy projects with IBM. Mr. Price is the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Walmart International, a fast-growing segment of Walmart’s overall operations with more than 6,300 stores in 27 countries outside of the United States. He served as president and chief executive officer of Walmart Asia from 2014 to 2016. Before joining Walmart, Mr. Price served as Chief Executive Officer of DHL Express Europe and DHL Express Asia Pacific, and President of DHL Express Japan. Before joining DHL, he spent a decade with Coca-Cola Co. Since 2013 he has served as the chairman of the National Center for APEC, the only U.S. business association focused exclusively on facilitating American private sector input to APEC. APEC is the premier organization for facilitating economic growth, cooperation, trade, and investment in the Asia-Pacific region. Under the APEC structure, the United States and 20 other of the world’s leading economies come together to facilitate regional economic integration through trade and investment liberalization, and tackle a wide range of issues critical to ensuring regional prosperity and economic growth. In This Section: Go Back Highlights Learn More Business Business Support: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Office of Global Partnerships Commercial and Business Affairs Office Key Officers of Foreign Service Posts Trade Policy and Programs Defense Trade Controls Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization Recovery and Reinvestment Act Service Contract Inventory Careers Consular Fellows Program Foreign Service Officer Civil Service Officer Foreign Service Specialist International Organizations Student Programs USAJobs: Working for America Education & Exchanges Discover Diplomacy Global Youth Issues Diplomatic History Office of Overseas Schools Exchange Visitor Program Fulbright Program Student Career Programs Youth Exchange Programs U.S. Diplomacy Center Intercountry Adoption Parental Child Abduction Travel Passports Visas Travel Information Emergency Services Intercountry Adoption Parental Child Abduction Foreign Per Diem Rates Contact Us FAQ Search Share Subject Index Video Accessibility Statement Copyright Information External Link Policy FOIA Privacy Policy BusinessUSA White House USA.gov Other U.S. Government Info Archive The Office of Website Management, Bureau of Public Affairs, manages this site as a portal for information from the U.S. State Department.External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein.Note: documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe Acrobat Reader. Top Javascript is disabled in your browser. For the best experience on this web site, please enable Javascript.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 19, 2016December 19, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Health and Well-being Initiative Hosted at Children's Hospital of Los Angeles Targets Wellness Disparities Faced by the Latino Community GAITHERSBURG, Md., Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — MALDEF (Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund), the Walmart Foundation and Sodexo, world leader in quality of life services, hosted a nutrition workshop at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles on December 17th. The event was part of the Parent School Partnership (PSP) program, a MALDEF initiative that seeks to provide parents the tools they need to become agents of change in their communities. In 2009, MALDEF expanded the PSP program, with support from Sodexo, to establish a health and wellness initiative. This year, the Walmart Foundation joined the initiative that aims to inform Latino families on the crucial topics of health and well-being, and works with them to improve their eating habits. So far, the health and wellness initiative has worked with families in Los Angeles, Atlanta, Seattle, Houston, and Chicago. It is expanding to other communities in Central Florida, Las Vegas, Washington, D.C., Phoenix, as well as cities in North Carolina and Tennessee. “Walmart is proud to support the expansion of the Parent School Partnership program because we believe in the initiative’s value in helping parents and their children make positive nutrition choices,” said Javier Angulo, public affairs director for Walmart. “Our support is grounded in the idea that no family should have to choose between food that is good for them and food they can afford.” The workshop featured a nutrition education program and cooking demonstrations for Latino parents.  A registered dietitian and executive chef led workshops that cover basic concepts of health, nutrition, and healthy cooking techniques. The workshops provided a holistic approach to planning healthy family meals, shopping, and preparation. “Research shows that Latino children are disproportionately affected by diabetes, obesity, and stress-related disorders,” said Sodexo Executive Chef Sterling Smith.  “The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey estimates that approximately two in five Latino children face nutrition-based challenges that often lead to chronic health disease. The collaborative efforts of MALDEF PSP and Sodexo’s Nutritional Wellness program underscores a shared vision for addressing such issues.” Since the program was launched, PSP’s innovative health and wellness initiative has worked with more than 6,000 Latino families across the United States. “MALDEF’s health and wellness workshops have had a significantly positive effect on the lives of PSP parents, who report attaining increased nutrition knowledge and improved health behavior in their homes,” said MALDEF National PSP Director Adrian Sandoval. “Integrating a nutritional workshop into parent-engagement programming enables MALDEF to expand participants’ focus to include improving the overall health and wellness outcomes of their families, a critical factor in the overall goal of improving the educational outcomes of the Latino community more broadly. “ MALDEF’s PSP program also equips parents and community leaders with the knowledge they need to become advocates for school-wide reform that will benefit the entire community. Additionally, the program provides parents with the instructional tools necessary to improve their children’s educational achievement. Parents attend a free, 12-session program where immigrant and first-generation Latino parents learn how to overcome language and cultural barriers and gain an in-depth understanding of families’ rights and responsibilities in the public education system. To date, more than 11,000 parents and community leaders in 100 cities have participated in the PSP program since it began in 1989. Sodexo delivers more than 100 services across North America that enhances organizational performance, contribute to local communities and improve quality of life. The Fortune Global 500 company is a leader in delivering sustainable, integrated facilities management and food service operations. Learn more about Sodexo at its corporate blog, Sodexo Insights.   SOURCE Sodexo CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Biogen Inc. To Contact The Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline Next PostNext Salpeter Gitkin, LLP Informing Investors of Allergan plc of Securities Class Action Lawsuits Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Bosch puts cybersecurity first with keyless entry, central gateway – Roadshow January 7, 2017 Can't get to CES 2017? We'll take you on a 360-degree tour – CNET January 7, 2017 Watch how 'Rogue One' brought back young Princess Leia, Tarkin – CNET January 7, 2017 After briefing, Trump denies hacking affected election outcome – CNET January 7, 2017 Nick Offerman: Ron Swanson would hate CES (Q&A) – CNET January 7, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Posted by Tony Sherman on Dec 19th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE: WMT): 12/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $73.85 price target on the stock. 12/13/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $73.85 price target on the stock. 12/6/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Though the company is facing a number of headwinds, estimates and share price of Wal-Mart has been rising since the company reported its third-quarter fiscal 2017 results. Wal-Mart posted positive earnings streak for the fifth consecutive quarter, but top-line marginally fell short of expectations after surpassing the same in the preceding two quarters, possibly due to deflationary pressure hurting comparable store sales. We also noted that while total revenues increased slightly, earnings per share declined year over year, as unfavorable currency and higher investments in wages and e-commerce activities took a toll on the results. Nevertheless, Wal-Mart is focused on its building its e-commerce capabilities, foraying into new markets, expanding product assortments and implementing innovative ways to drive traffic.” 11/29/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Estimates have been revised downward as Wal-Mart’s third quarter fiscal 2017 top-line marginally fell short of expectations after surpassing the same in the preceding two quarters.  Though total revenues increased slightly, earnings per share declined year over year but came within the company’s guided range. The company has narrowed its fiscal 2017 guidance to reflect the impact of the gain from the sale of Yihaodian in China. Decline in international revenues has been a major concern for Wal-Mart for quite some time now. Moreover, stiff competition from both brick & mortar and online retailers, and foreign currency headwinds pose as concerns. Nevertheless, Wal-Mart is aggressively expanding its E-commerce platform, foraying into new markets, expanding product assortments and implementing innovative ways to drive traffic.” 11/22/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating. According to Zacks, “Wal-Mart reported mixed quarterly numbers for third-quarter fiscal 2017, wherein earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate while revenues missed the same. The top line succumbed to a negative surprise after beating estimates in the trailing two quarters. Decline in international revenues has been  a major concern for Wal-Mart for quite some time now. In the first and second quarters of fiscal 2017, international revenues declined 7.2% and 6.6%, respectively. In third-quarter fiscal 2017, segment net sales, including fuel sales, dropped 4.8% year over year to $28.4 billion. Nevertheless, Wal-Mart is focused on its building its e-commerce capabilities, as evident from its recent deal with JD.com in China. In fact, Wal-Mart is aggressively foraying into e-commerce in China with an aim to deliver goods from its stores around the world to Chinese consumers within hours. The Jet.com acquisition in the U.S. also fuelled growth.” 11/21/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $81.00 price target on by analysts at Nomura. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $72.80 price target on the stock. 11/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $80.00 price target on by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $80.00 price target on by analysts at Robert W. Baird. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/18/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its price target lowered by analysts at Telsey Advisory Group from $76.00 to $73.00. They now have a “market perform” rating on the stock. 11/18/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $72.00 price target on by analysts at RBC Capital Markets. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 11/18/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $73.00 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc.. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 11/17/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was downgraded by analysts at TheStreet from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. 11/13/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a $82.00 price target on the stock. 11/8/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $77.00 price target on the stock. 11/4/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $63.00 price target on the stock. 10/24/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Estimates have been declining since past 30 days period, probably due to unfavorable currency and higher investments in wages and e-commerce activities which took a toll on the company’s second quarter fiscal 2017 results, despite better-than-expected earnings and revenues. Encouragingly, Wal-Mart is focused on its building its e-commerce capabilities, as evidenced by its recent deal with JD.com in China. In fact, Wal-Mart is aggressively foraying into eCommerce in China with an aim to deliver goods from its stores around the world to Chinese consumers within hours. Jet.com acquisition in the U.S. also added to the growth and thus, the company also raised its earnings guidance to reflect the acquisition. However, huge investments in e-commerce initiatives and higher wages to its workers and training them are increasing the expense burden. The recent move to raise the minimum salary for entry-level store managers will also add to the costs.” 10/21/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores is now covered by analysts at Piper Jaffray Cos.. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price target on the stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded up 0.952% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $71.656. 3,329,333 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $70.46 and a 200 day moving average price of $71.48. The company has a market capitalization of $220.21 billion, a PE ratio of 15.544 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 12-month low of $58.67 and a 12-month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.03 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Kimberly-Clark Corp. (KMB) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Next » Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Given New C$59.00 Price Target at TD Securities Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Donald Trump’s Worst Idea: Trade Barriers New trade restrictions would decimate global supply chains, stunting manufacturing worldwide. By Gene Epstein Biography December 17, 2016 The ghosts of Reed Smoot and Willis Hawley are haunting the presidency of Donald J. Trump, even before it begins. To avoid the risk of recession, an exorcism of sorts is urgently required. Sen. Smoot and Rep. Hawley co-sponsored America’s infamous Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act of 1930, which hiked tariffs on imports to record levels. A global trade war resulted, as other countries responded in kind. U.S. foreign trade plunged by... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 35° F Overcast Hi: 43° F Lo: 34° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 9 Weather Alerts 72 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Featured: Burfoot corruption trial ODU Bahamas Bowl Latest Headlines Virginia Beach officials say they’re ready for winter weather Updated: 4 mins ago “We really do expect a major snow event in Virginia Beach,” Mayor Will Sessoms said. Salvation Army prepares for emergency services Updated: 12 mins ago The shelter says they will open their doors to anyone who needs a warm place to stay, as well as meals. BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Updated: 37 mins ago Police believe suspect robbed same Beach business twice Updated: 38 mins ago US designates election infrastructure as ‘critical’ Updated: 57 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 35° F Overcast Feels Like: 26° F Wind: NE 15 Humidity: 70% Dewpoint: 26° F Sunrise: 7:18 AM Sunset: 5:03 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides Latest Headlines Mavs tipoff switch avoids conflict with Cowboys playoff game Updated: 47 mins ago DALLAS (AP) — The Dallas Mavericks and their fans should be done in time to watch the Dallas Cowboys play their NFC divisional playoff game.… ‘Snacks’ Harrison an All-Pro in first season with Giants Updated: 47 mins ago EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — When the New York Giants signed Damon Harrison as a free agent in the offseason, they got more than one of the … Wild-card round gets going as drive to Super Bowl begins 6:51 pm Elway begins interviews for Kubiak’s successor 6:10 pm Landry fined $48K for post-TD celebration 6:10 pm HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Latest Headlines HR Sports Star: Daniel Dixon 4:08 pm William & Mary senior guard makes game winner at the the buzzer against Hofstra. Joint Replacement Surgery and Treatment 4:07 pm Expert advice from Dr. Joseph Gondusky from Jordan-Young Institute Orthopedic Surgery and Sports Medicine. The Funny Bone: Tony Rock 12:21 pm Live Music Friday: Michael Hensen 12:20 pm In The Kitchen: Brunswick Stew and Three Cheese Grilled Cheese 12:18 pm Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 35° F Overcast Hi: 43° F Lo: 34° F Church and Walmart partner for bike distribution By Marielena Balouris Published: December 18, 2016, 8:42 am Updated: December 18, 2016, 9:09 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) CHESAPEAKE, Va. (WAVY) – Mount Lebanon Global Church partnered with Walmart to give out bikes to kids in need. Distributions were taking place all across Hampton Roads.  10 on your side caught up with the Mount at the Greenbriar Mall in Chesapeake. Families with school-age kids could stop by and pick up a bike, and then church members would then carry the bikes out to the families’ cars. The church usually gets the bikes directly from a distributor, but this year the supplier was unable to help.  Walmart in Grassfield picked up the slack and donated more than $15,000 worth of bikes. Candice Mitchell, Walmart Grassfield Parkway Manager, said, “It’s a lot of hard work behind the scenes involved in making anything happen.  But you know this is what the Christmas season is really all about, being able to give back.” Pastor Kim Brown, said, “Don’t let the season be about commercialization.  The season is about showing love, helping someone that’s less fortunate than you and being grateful for where you are in life.  It is priceless to see that child walk away and a man from our Church carrying that bicycle behind them.” The church has given out more than 2,500 bikes since 2002. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Boys may go without if donors don’t step up Volunteers needed to help children with autism learn to ride bikes Local church delivering 500 Thanksgiving meals to families in need Salvation Army Christmas Distribution underway Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 6, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News U.S. Says Putin Ordered Broad Campaign of Influence to Help Trump Win Election Intelligence Report Finds Hacking Was Part of Wider Effort By DAVID E. SANGER 6:11 PM ET American intelligence officials have concluded that Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, “ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election.” The declassified intelligence report found that Mr. Putin developed “a clear preference for President-elect Trump.”  Comments Read the Report Highlights 8:26 PM ET Trump Alludes to Possibility of Russian Role in Hacking By MICHAEL D. SHEAR 3:23 PM ET Mr. Trump acknowledged the possibility that Russia had hacked American targets including the Democratic National Committee.  Comments Following the Links From the Hackers to the Election President-elect Donald Trump left One World Trade Center after a meeting on Friday. Credit Timothy A. Clary/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images That Big Wall? For Now, Mexico Won’t Pay, Trump Says By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and EMMARIE HUETTEMAN 2:58 PM ET Mr. Trump made the comments Friday after Republicans in Congress started discussing ways to include the money in spending bills. RELATED COVERAGE U.S. Says Russians Behind Hack of Antidoping Agency 8:30 PM ET Congress Validates Trump’s Electoral College Victory 3:15 PM ET Eric Trump Helped Raise $16 Million, Hospital Says Briefing: D.N.C. Hack Didn’t Affect Election, Trump Says 5:59 PM ET Shooting at Airport in Fort Lauderdale Kills at Least 5 By LIZETTE ALVAREZ, NEIL REISNER and ADAM GOLDMAN 7:36 PM ET Eight people were also injured after a gunman opened fire in a crowded baggage terminal at the airport in Florida. Officials said they were investigating reports that the suspect, Esteban Santiago, 26, was mentally ill. Slide Show Loading... Watch: Witnesses at the Scene New York Reaches Deal to Shut Indian Point Nuclear Plant By VIVIAN YEE and PATRICK McGEEHAN The shutdown has been a long-held priority for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who has said the plant poses too great a risk to New York City, less than 30 miles to the south.  Comments Wages Keep Rising Amid Tepid Job Growth in U.S. By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:03 PM ET The unemployment rate edged up to 4.7 percent, but the bigger story was the best annual wage growth since the recovery began. The Upshot How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up By NEIL IRWIN Comparing his performance with that of other presidents: Things could have been much worse, and at the start, they were.  Comments Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 6:45 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times California Today: Cracking Down on Distracted Driving By MIKE McPHATE Friday: A strict new law for drivers, climate change hits wine country, and the California origins of “(Sittin’ on) the Dock of the Bay.” Smarter Living CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Tech reporter Brian X. Chen answered questions about what’s in store for consumer tech 2017. This May Be Why Your Workout Isn’t Working By GRETCHEN REYNOLDS People who don’t benefit from endurance workouts may get results from interval training, and vice versa, a new study suggests.  Comments Inside a Deadly Drug Epidemic America’s opioid crisis killed more than 33,000 people in 2015. These stories portray a nationwide affliction, from West Coast cities to Northeast bedroom communities. Kochs Court Blacks, Calling Fossil Fuels a Racial Issue By HIROKO TABUCHI Anticipating a fossil fuel resurgence, the ultraconservative brothers, who run an oil and petroleum conglomerate, are busily expanding their outreach. Papal Ally Takes Reins in Troubled Newark Archdiocese By JAMES BARRON 4:34 PM ET Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, who made headlines standing up for nuns and refugees, was installed on Friday as the leader of the Archdiocese of Newark. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 0:50 Syrian Girls Do Robotics Anna Therese Day for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Volkswagen Said to Be Close to Settling Justice Inquiry Into Emissions 4:24 PM ET Public Editor’s Mailbag: Taunts, Hoaxes, Anonymity and Stealth Texas Moves to Limit Transgender Bathroom Access China Lays Out $360 Billion Plan for Renewable Energy U.S. Lists Bin Laden’s Son as a ‘Global Terrorist’ It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement A snapshot of five millennials shows that some of them are very serious about saving for retirement, busting the myth that their age group is free-spending. Michelle Obama, a First Lady Unlike Any Other In “The Meaning of Michelle,” 16 writers, many of them African-American women, share what it has been like to witness Mrs. Obama in the White House. 4 Movies to Know About Before the Golden Globes We like a couple. We’re mixed on another. And one we flat-out hate. That’s life — at the movies, anyway. Listen as we discuss four movies in this episode of “Still Processing.” The Opinion Pages Trump’s Dangerous Anti-C.I.A. Crusade By MICHAEL J. MORELL 6:02 PM ET His attacks on the agency threaten our national security.  Comments Rumors of Hillary Clinton’s Comeback By FRANK BRUNI Trump only thought he got rid of her.  Comments Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside Brooks: The Home Buying Decision Krugman: Age of Fake Policy Kristof: Trump Denies Climate Change. These Kids Die of It. Text Your Way to College By DAVID L. KIRP 3:31 PM ET This low-cost solution could get poor students accepted to college to show up. Can a Bombay Strongman Explain Trump? By SUKETU MEHTA Bal Keshav Thackeray rode to power on a wave of bigotry. He might explain Trump. Egan: Erasing Obama Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News 5:28 PM ET Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Inside the Travel Section’s List of ‘52 Places to Go in 2017’ Times Insider » Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Young Mother’s Solitary, Uphill Struggle Myasia Williams, whose husband is in jail, struggles with motherhood, a job, school, bills, an overcrowded apartment and her husband’s absence. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region Stop Punching Me, Darth Vader Opinion Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Travel 52 Places to Go in 2017 Television Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher and ‘Bright Lights’ Opinion The Jerusalem-First Option Asia Pacific Chinese Defy Pollution, a Stubborn Visitor Weddings At 6 p.m., Married. At 7:30 p.m., Onstage. Opinion The Health Care Plan Trump Voters Want Asia Pacific Japan’s ‘Genderless’ Blur Lines of Convention Television Fred Armisen Finds All the World a Playground Opinion For Greece and Turkey, an Old Rivalry Flares Turkey’s demand that Greece extradite eight military officers has put the two countries at odds again. Book Review Rachel Cusk: By the Book Sections World » ‘I Thought I Was Impervious to Scams’: Readers Denounce India’s Phone Swindlers Farmer on Trial Defends Smuggling Migrants: ‘I Am a Frenchman.’ In Turkey’s Unrest, Some See an Extreme Version of Post-9/11 America Business Day » Retiring: For Millennials, It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement Recovery Finally Yields Big Gains for Average Worker’s Pay Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside David Brooks: The Home Buying Decision U.S. » Inside a Killer Drug Epidemic: A Look at America’s Opioid Crisis 4 Black Suspects Charged in Videotaped Beating of White Teenager in Chicago Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade Technology » Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Facebook Hires Campbell Brown to Lead News Partnerships Team Arts » What TV Says About Race and Money How ‘Bambi’ Got Its Look From 1,000-Year-Old Chinese Art How ‘Toni Erdmann’ Became an Unexpected Comedy Politics » What Intelligence Agencies Concluded About the Russian Attack on the U.S. Election In Tearful Finale, Michelle Obama Says, ‘I Hope I’ve Made You Proud’ Putin Ordered ‘Influence Campaign’ Aimed at U.S. Election, Report Says Fashion & Style » He’d Like to Buy the World Something Other Than a Coke Appointment: This Men’s Wear Shop Is Not for Everyone Modern Love: Refreshing a Mother’s Memory With Love and Stories Movies » Watching While White: How Movies Tackled Race and Class in 2016 And the Nominees Should Be… Anatomy of a Scene: Kenneth Lonergan Narrates a Scene From ‘Manchester by the Sea’ New York » Along New York Harbor, ‘On the Waterfront’ Endures Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant to Close by 2021 Cardinal Tobin, New Newark Archbishop, Cites ‘Chasm Between Life and Faith’ Sports » Nick Saban Is Not Just Alabama’s Coach, He’s Also Its Super-Scout Giants Coach Becomes a Zinger Magnet on His Way to the Playoffs James Harden Meets Russell Westbrook in a Battle of Perpetual Motion Theater » ‘Lula del Ray,’ a Spectral Parade of Fantastical Images Lucas Hedges Moves From ‘Manchester’ to the Stage Review: ‘The Fever’ Finds That Friendliness Can Be Contagious Science » Trilobites: Bats Like Their Plant Nectar Sweet — Though Maybe the Plants Know Better Trilobites: Light Pillars, a Million-Mirror Optical Illusion on Winter Nights Trilobites: A Metal Ball the Size of Massachusetts That NASA Wants to Explore Obituaries » Jill Saward, Advocate for Victims of Sexual Assault, Dies at 51 Jeremy Stone, Who Influenced Arms Control During Cold War, Dies at 81 Milt Schmidt, Hall of Fame Center for Bruins, Dies at 98 Television » Tom Hardy Is at Home as Hero and Villain in ‘Taboo’ It’s Home Sweet ‘Homeland’ for Season 6 Critic's Notebook: 15 TV Shows to Watch This Season Health » Feed Your Kids Peanuts, Early and Often, New Guidelines Urge Is Your Cocktail Making You Sick? Well: Is the Sleep Aid Melatonin Safe for Children and Adults? Travel » 52 Places to Go in 2017 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Ottawa Pursuits: Where Sustainable Travel Is Headed in 2017 Books » Nonfiction: What Not to Eat: ‘The Case Against Sugar’ Nonfiction: A Feminist’s Biography of Steven Spielberg Focuses on His Jewish Identity Books of The Times: Review: ‘The Meaning of Michelle,’ a First Lady Unlike Any Other Education » Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade A Majority Agreed She Was Raped by a Stanford Football Player. That Wasn’t Enough. Sinosphere: Shanghai’s Move to Curb International Programs in Schools Worries Parents Food » A Good Appetite: Swedish Meatballs, From the Comfort of Home Hungry City: Paraguay and Venezuela, Together at the Table, at Karu Café in Queens Restaurant Review: Fast Food for Needy Neighborhoods, at Locol in California Sunday Review » News Analysis: Feminism Lost. Now What? Editorial: Can Russia Make Peace as Well as War? Frank Bruni: Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher: Hollywood’s Mother-Daughter Fable Real Estate » 360 View: 2017: Year of the Renter Renters: Working and Living in a Bushwick Gallery The Fix: A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap The Upshot » Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Urban Studies: How to Predict Gentrification: Look for Falling Crime Pink-Collar Work: Why Men Don’t Want the Jobs Done Mostly by Women Magazine » Feature: Cyberwar for Sale Feature: One Man’s Quest to Change the Way We Die Feature: In Search of Post-Brexit England, and Swans Automobiles » Trump’s Twitter Warning to Toyota Unsettles Japanese Carmakers Driven: The Kia Soul Exclaim Adds Pep to Its Boxy Figure Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better T Magazine » On the Verge: Brand to Know: Thin, Simple Turtlenecks, Inspired by a Designer’s Grandmother My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: David Copperfield Viewfinder: Soulful, Meditative Photos of a Never-Ending Vacation Times Insider » Live Event: Gail Collins and Frank Bruni: The Next Four Years With Donald J. Trump Talk to The Times: Should the Affordable Care Act Be Repealed? Insider Podcasts: Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Real Estate » The Fix A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out life & style Search Love & Sex Well & Good Food & Wine Parenting Beauty Fashion Home & Property Weddings CuteStuff Puzzles Those horribly ugly Christmas sweaters are not going away JOHN EWOLDT Last updated 05:00, December 19 2016 SARAH SHATZ Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen and Anthony Mackie rock their Christmas jumpers in The Night Before. Cole Magalis needed an ugly Christmas sweater for a party last week, and it wasn't easy to find one. He and his fiancee searched at five stores to find a matching pair in their sizes. His determination paid off in a green sweater with a giant gingerbread man applique and candy-cane-striped sleeves. "I'm wearing the only one that would fit me," the 29-year-old from St. Paul, Minnesota, US, said. "We went to Herberger's, Target, Wal-Mart and two Goodwills and all were nearly sold out. The guy at T.J. Maxx said if we could wait 90 minutes - they were expecting a truck." READ MORE: * Swarovski creates world's most expensive ugly Christmas jersey * Whoopi Goldberg unveils line of 'ugly' Christmas sweaters * 9 worst Christmas sweaters ever When the ugly sweater trend started, arguably about 15 years ago, hipsters were wearing over-the-top cardigans, mostly women's, from the 70s, 80s and 90s. Their popularity spread among thrift shops, surplus stores and vintage apparel shops. Now mainstream retailers have spotted an opportunity, as what once seemed like a fad refuses to fade. Their sweaters are newly made, not from the depths of someone's closet, but the festive holiday styling is the same. Hope you enjoyed my @BBCR1 live lounge & I got you in the Christmas spirit!!🎄🎄🎄 pic.twitter.com/LQrq38QrRt— Olly Murs (@ollyofficial) December 8, 2016 "This could be a perennial favourite for years and years to come," said Mary Van Note of Ginger retail consulting in Minneapolis. "It has incredible widespread adoption from kids, teens and suburban moms." The Minneapolis-based retailer Ragstock has been selling vintage holiday sweaters for a decade and saw double-digit sales increases through 2014. Business levelled out last year when consumers discovered brand-new designs at Target, Wal-Mart, Kohl's, Herberger's, Penney's and T.J. Maxx, said Ragstock President Libby Finn. Ad Feedback This year, Finn said, Ragstock for the first time discounted its collection from the launch on November 1 as sales migrate to big box discounters and department stores. Wal-Mart has sold the ugly sweaters for three years, increasing its selection of holiday and novelty items by 40 per cent this year. "Customers just can't get enough of it, and the tackier the better," said Deanah Baker, an apparel buying executive at Wal-Mart. There are online options as well. UglyChristmasSweater.com went from US$40,000 in sales in its first year, 2012, to more than US$5 million last year. James Perovich of Roseville, Minnesota, joined the ugly sweater club six years ago. At a singles party last week where everyone was encouraged to wear an ugly Christmas sweater, he wore his vintage red pullover that features black and plaid Scottish terriers high-stepping across his chest. Bright green pants from a Polo outlet store completed his impossible-to-ignore display. "My sweater is legit vintage," he said. "Now they're mass-producing them." Holly, Havanese (6 y/o), Washington Square Park, New York, NY • "She's on her way to an ugly Christmas sweater party." pic.twitter.com/gHLKklsqjX— The Dogist (@thedogist) December 12, 2016 As mass merchandisers have stepped in with new, not used, sweaters to meet demand, they've also expanded the category. Novelty Christmas ball earrings, flashing brooches, green-and-red-striped socks, light-up Christmas tree hats, and Sexy Miss Santa gloves augment the sweater selection. But even the ubiquitous sweaters and slightly more sedate vests for men have evolved. This year, Ragstock and mass merchants are selling sweatshirts in large sizes to market to men who didn't want to buy or couldn't fit into the vintage sweaters that are mostly in women's sizes. "Happy Llamakah" and "Meowy Catmus" sweatshirts provide an alternative to sweaters festooned in beads, bells and balls. Department stores added cheeky onesies, pajamas, Santa suits, hoodies and men's suits in gaudy holiday themes. Macy's Christmas party wear section, fully stocked in early November in the downtown Minneapolis store, was nearly sold out last week, including the men's ugly Christmas suits. For the early adopter looking to make an indelible Christmas memory, the Oppo "Rudolph" covers the wearer from neck to ankle in a bright blue and red polyester suit imprinted with reindeer and snowflakes as big as cheese balls. It’s that time of year! We are lifting the curtain on this year’s collection and campaign. https://t.co/kI4qDhZo70 #howtochristmas pic.twitter.com/ErjEDmPkxC— OppoSuits (@OppoSuits) November 16, 2016 Eddie Ocampo of Anoka, Minnesota, bought one last year at Opposuits.com. He wore it to a Christmas party for students at the University of St. Thomas School of Law last month. "It's the fourth time I've worn it," said the second-year law student and ugly Christmas sweater early adopter. "I get reactions from open-mouthed stares to strangers who say 'great suit.'?" The kitschy Claus-wear is a cheap, convenient way to show holiday spirit. Most used sweaters cost less than US$25 and even the new Oppo suits are less than US$100. But more expensive sweaters have recently debuted from sources as varied as Whoopi Goldberg, Iron Maiden and the National Football League. Goldberg's creations for US$139 at Lordandtaylor.com include a brown Santa and an octopus with a candle in each of its eight arms. Whoopi Goldberg is here for your ugly Christmas sweater needs: https://t.co/F3gl8tnQnH pic.twitter.com/rDP2ZJEpZc— Pret-a-Reporter (@pretareporter) October 12, 2016 NFLshop.com created an ugly sweater, at US$70, for each of the 32 teams in the league. Iron Maiden's antidote for excessive holiday sentiment includes acrylic knitted images of skulls and barbed wire, for US$85. Revelers a little late to the party can still get their ugly on at surplus shops, discounters, department stores and online. Ragstock makes the selection easier with its new Swipe-A-Sweater web app. "It's a tongue-in-cheek matchmaking tool that asks quirky questions to match you with your perfect, unique sweater," Finn said.   A photo posted by Penny (@leonardpennylover) on Dec 13, 2016 at 1:46pm PST    - MCT Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Fashion story: The most controversial thing a woman can wear life & style Homepage Comments Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented US airport shooter had gun in checked bag: Five dead, eight wounded at Florida's Fort Lauderdale airport 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years Man shot by police in Whanganui had violent history Jamie Oliver to shut six UK restaurants, blaming Brexit for making ingredients too expensive Woman's body found on beach near Opotiki Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died Waikato man slapped by rest-home caregiver dies after months living happily with family Morning trivia quiz: January 7 Phantom credits result of timing issue processing debit card transactions Missing boatie Alan Langdon estranged from close family Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died The health reason behind why you need to wash new clothes before wearing them Rolleston or Rangiora: Which is Christchurch's premier satellite town? Kimbal Musk â Elon's brother â just opened a shipping container farm compound in New York City 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years The 5 secrets behind Louise Parker's 'anti-diet diet' Sleeping Australian woman bitten repeatedly by funnel web spider What happens when narcissists become parents? How to use your treadmill for more than a boring walk or run 5 minute gardener: What to do this weekend special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Indexed | Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2017 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out life & style Search Love & Sex Well & Good Food & Wine Parenting Beauty Fashion Home & Property Weddings CuteStuff Puzzles Those horribly ugly Christmas sweaters are not going away JOHN EWOLDT Last updated 05:00, December 19 2016 SARAH SHATZ Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen and Anthony Mackie rock their Christmas jumpers in The Night Before. Cole Magalis needed an ugly Christmas sweater for a party last week, and it wasn't easy to find one. He and his fiancee searched at five stores to find a matching pair in their sizes. His determination paid off in a green sweater with a giant gingerbread man applique and candy-cane-striped sleeves. "I'm wearing the only one that would fit me," the 29-year-old from St. Paul, Minnesota, US, said. "We went to Herberger's, Target, Wal-Mart and two Goodwills and all were nearly sold out. The guy at T.J. Maxx said if we could wait 90 minutes - they were expecting a truck." READ MORE: * Swarovski creates world's most expensive ugly Christmas jersey * Whoopi Goldberg unveils line of 'ugly' Christmas sweaters * 9 worst Christmas sweaters ever When the ugly sweater trend started, arguably about 15 years ago, hipsters were wearing over-the-top cardigans, mostly women's, from the 70s, 80s and 90s. Their popularity spread among thrift shops, surplus stores and vintage apparel shops. Now mainstream retailers have spotted an opportunity, as what once seemed like a fad refuses to fade. Their sweaters are newly made, not from the depths of someone's closet, but the festive holiday styling is the same. Hope you enjoyed my @BBCR1 live lounge & I got you in the Christmas spirit!!🎄🎄🎄 pic.twitter.com/LQrq38QrRt— Olly Murs (@ollyofficial) December 8, 2016 "This could be a perennial favourite for years and years to come," said Mary Van Note of Ginger retail consulting in Minneapolis. "It has incredible widespread adoption from kids, teens and suburban moms." The Minneapolis-based retailer Ragstock has been selling vintage holiday sweaters for a decade and saw double-digit sales increases through 2014. Business levelled out last year when consumers discovered brand-new designs at Target, Wal-Mart, Kohl's, Herberger's, Penney's and T.J. Maxx, said Ragstock President Libby Finn. Ad Feedback This year, Finn said, Ragstock for the first time discounted its collection from the launch on November 1 as sales migrate to big box discounters and department stores. Wal-Mart has sold the ugly sweaters for three years, increasing its selection of holiday and novelty items by 40 per cent this year. "Customers just can't get enough of it, and the tackier the better," said Deanah Baker, an apparel buying executive at Wal-Mart. There are online options as well. UglyChristmasSweater.com went from US$40,000 in sales in its first year, 2012, to more than US$5 million last year. James Perovich of Roseville, Minnesota, joined the ugly sweater club six years ago. At a singles party last week where everyone was encouraged to wear an ugly Christmas sweater, he wore his vintage red pullover that features black and plaid Scottish terriers high-stepping across his chest. Bright green pants from a Polo outlet store completed his impossible-to-ignore display. "My sweater is legit vintage," he said. "Now they're mass-producing them." Holly, Havanese (6 y/o), Washington Square Park, New York, NY • "She's on her way to an ugly Christmas sweater party." pic.twitter.com/gHLKklsqjX— The Dogist (@thedogist) December 12, 2016 As mass merchandisers have stepped in with new, not used, sweaters to meet demand, they've also expanded the category. Novelty Christmas ball earrings, flashing brooches, green-and-red-striped socks, light-up Christmas tree hats, and Sexy Miss Santa gloves augment the sweater selection. But even the ubiquitous sweaters and slightly more sedate vests for men have evolved. This year, Ragstock and mass merchants are selling sweatshirts in large sizes to market to men who didn't want to buy or couldn't fit into the vintage sweaters that are mostly in women's sizes. "Happy Llamakah" and "Meowy Catmus" sweatshirts provide an alternative to sweaters festooned in beads, bells and balls. Department stores added cheeky onesies, pajamas, Santa suits, hoodies and men's suits in gaudy holiday themes. Macy's Christmas party wear section, fully stocked in early November in the downtown Minneapolis store, was nearly sold out last week, including the men's ugly Christmas suits. For the early adopter looking to make an indelible Christmas memory, the Oppo "Rudolph" covers the wearer from neck to ankle in a bright blue and red polyester suit imprinted with reindeer and snowflakes as big as cheese balls. It’s that time of year! We are lifting the curtain on this year’s collection and campaign. https://t.co/kI4qDhZo70 #howtochristmas pic.twitter.com/ErjEDmPkxC— OppoSuits (@OppoSuits) November 16, 2016 Eddie Ocampo of Anoka, Minnesota, bought one last year at Opposuits.com. He wore it to a Christmas party for students at the University of St. Thomas School of Law last month. "It's the fourth time I've worn it," said the second-year law student and ugly Christmas sweater early adopter. "I get reactions from open-mouthed stares to strangers who say 'great suit.'?" The kitschy Claus-wear is a cheap, convenient way to show holiday spirit. Most used sweaters cost less than US$25 and even the new Oppo suits are less than US$100. But more expensive sweaters have recently debuted from sources as varied as Whoopi Goldberg, Iron Maiden and the National Football League. Goldberg's creations for US$139 at Lordandtaylor.com include a brown Santa and an octopus with a candle in each of its eight arms. Whoopi Goldberg is here for your ugly Christmas sweater needs: https://t.co/F3gl8tnQnH pic.twitter.com/rDP2ZJEpZc— Pret-a-Reporter (@pretareporter) October 12, 2016 NFLshop.com created an ugly sweater, at US$70, for each of the 32 teams in the league. Iron Maiden's antidote for excessive holiday sentiment includes acrylic knitted images of skulls and barbed wire, for US$85. Revelers a little late to the party can still get their ugly on at surplus shops, discounters, department stores and online. Ragstock makes the selection easier with its new Swipe-A-Sweater web app. "It's a tongue-in-cheek matchmaking tool that asks quirky questions to match you with your perfect, unique sweater," Finn said.   A photo posted by Penny (@leonardpennylover) on Dec 13, 2016 at 1:46pm PST    - MCT Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Fashion story: The most controversial thing a woman can wear life & style Homepage Comments Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented US airport shooter had gun in checked bag: Five dead, eight wounded at Florida's Fort Lauderdale airport 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years Man shot by police in Whanganui had violent history Jamie Oliver to shut six UK restaurants, blaming Brexit for making ingredients too expensive Woman's body found on beach near Opotiki Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died Waikato man slapped by rest-home caregiver dies after months living happily with family Morning trivia quiz: January 7 Phantom credits result of timing issue processing debit card transactions Missing boatie Alan Langdon estranged from close family Dealer with Mr Asia ties, who 'changed the Wellington drug scene', has died The health reason behind why you need to wash new clothes before wearing them Rolleston or Rangiora: Which is Christchurch's premier satellite town? Kimbal Musk â Elon's brother â just opened a shipping container farm compound in New York City 'Racist' passport request riles New Zealand citizen of 10 years The 5 secrets behind Louise Parker's 'anti-diet diet' Sleeping Australian woman bitten repeatedly by funnel web spider What happens when narcissists become parents? How to use your treadmill for more than a boring walk or run 5 minute gardener: What to do this weekend special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Indexed | Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2017 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Questions to Ask Before You Buy a Dividend Stock If you're interested in a stock for its regular payouts, these factors will help you get an idea of how safe its future dividends really are. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Dec 18, 2016 at 10:48AM Image Source: Getty Images. Investing in high-quality dividend stocks is perhaps the most surefire way to build wealth over time, but not all dividend stocks are high quality. In order to narrow down your search, here are three important questions to keep in mind when researching your next dividend stock purchase. What's the payout ratio? One of the most basic, yet most important, pieces of data to gather before buying dividend stocks is the payout ratio, which refers to the company's dividend payment relative to its earnings per share. For example, if a company paid out $1.00 per share this year and earned $2.00 per share, it would have a payout ratio of 50%. In a nutshell, this tells you whether or not a company is earning enough money to cover its dividend, and whether it has the cushion to absorb a drop in earnings and still sustain its current payout rate (or increase it). There's no magic number to look for, but I tend to stay away from dividend stocks with payout ratios in excess of 60%. The big exception is REITs, which legally have to pay out at least 90% of their earnings. Because REIT earnings subtract depreciation, which isn't actually an expense, they are not a good reflection of how much money these companies are actually making. Instead, when calculating the payout ratio for a REIT, base your math on funds from operations (FFO) instead. A high FFO payout ratio is normal, but look for something considerably less than 100%. How badly would a recession or industry weakness hurt the company? The payout ratio is a great indicator of how well a company's earnings cover its dividend payments for now. However, the best dividend stocks are able to sustain or grow their dividends during good times and bad. The oil industry offers many fine examples of the sort of companies that don't meet this standard. Their earnings were crushed by the drop in oil prices a couple of years ago. Look at Chevron (NYSE:CVX). In 2013, Chevron earned $11.09 per share and paid out $3.90, for a payout ratio of 35%. Two years later, the company's payout ratio had skyrocketed to 175% thanks to falling oil prices. On the other hand, consider Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). The company's business model works well no matter how well or poorly the economy is doing. In prosperous times, people in general are willing to spend more money, which is good for large retailers like Wal-Mart. On the other hand, when a recession hits, people who typically shop at higher-end retailers are forced to cut back, which actually increases Wal-Mart's customer base during tough times. Just look at the company's earnings history -- Wal-Mart actually did better during the great recession in 2008 and 2009 than it did during the economically stronger years before it. WMT data by YCharts To be clear, I'm not saying that Chevron or any of the other big oil stocks are bad dividend investments, nor that Wal-Mart is necessarily a good one. However, the point is that before investing in any stock, it's important to have an idea about what could happen if things beyond its control go south. What's the dividend history? Finally, it's important to check out the history of the company's dividend. High dividends are nice, but high dividends that grow consistently are the holy grail of dividend investing. For example, Wal-Mart, which I discussed earlier, has increased its payout for 41 consecutive years. As an example of what to look for, consider National Retail Properties (NYSE:NNN), a retail real estate investment trust (REIT) that I own in my retirement account. The stock pays a generous 4.4% dividend as of this writing, but more importantly, the company has increased its dividend payment for 27 consecutive years. This type of dividend growth can help your investment income keep up with inflation over time, and increases the long-term compounding power of your investments. To find other dividend stocks that have great histories of increasing their payouts, check out the indices that track that subset of companies specifically, such as the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats, which only holds S&P 500 components that have increased their dividend for at least 25 consecutive years. While a stock's past performance or dividend behavior is no guarantee of the future, a history of shareholder-friendly dividend policies makes it more likely that the pattern will continue. Just a starting point These are a great starting point, but aren't the only things you should look at before investing. To grow your dividend knowledge even further, check out this list of important dividend metrics and other dividend content from The Motley Fool. Matthew Frankel owns shares of National Retail Properties. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 10:48AM Investment Planning Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.26 down $0.95 (-1.37%) Chevron NYSE:CVX $116.84 down $0.47 (-0.40%) National Retail Properties NYSE:NNN $45.80 down $0.29 (-0.63%) Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Questions to Ask Before You Buy a Dividend Stock #stocks $WMT, $CVX, $NNN
Ohio Secret Santa pays nearly $5,000 in layaways at Wal-Mart - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps See it. Snap it. Send it. Seen on 19 News CLE43 Focus Cleveland 19 Investigative Unit National/Int'l News State News Editorials with Erik Schrader Trending Stories The Buzz: Entertainment News Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports OSU Football Tailgate 19 Fifth Quarter On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns VIDEO Your Health Race for the Cure Northeast Ohio 2016 Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs : Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Meet the Team Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers Get our apps Editorials with Erik Schrader What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Advertise Ohio Secret Santa pays nearly $5,000 in layaways at Wal-Mart 2016-12-18T16:15:07Z2016-12-18T16:16:34Z (Source: WOIO) MIDDLETOWN, Ohio (AP) - A Secret Santa has paid off nearly $5,000 in shoppers' layaways at a southwest Ohio Wal-Mart store. Store manager Darren Dooley tells the Hamilton-Middletown Journal-News the anonymous Santa paid off layaway items at a Wal-Mart store in Middletown last week. He did the same thing last year as well. Dooley says he knows the person's identity, but that he doesn't want it revealed. Dooley says layaways have also been paid at other Wal-Mart stores in the region. Ceceli Abernathy was told the Secret Santa had paid off her $50 deficit for toys she purchased for her daughter at a Wal-Mart in Dayton. The Kettering woman called it a beautiful gesture. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Questions to Ask Before You Buy a Dividend Stock If you're interested in a stock for its regular payouts, these factors will help you get an idea of how safe its future dividends really are. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Dec 18, 2016 at 10:48AM Image Source: Getty Images. Investing in high-quality dividend stocks is perhaps the most surefire way to build wealth over time, but not all dividend stocks are high quality. In order to narrow down your search, here are three important questions to keep in mind when researching your next dividend stock purchase. What's the payout ratio? One of the most basic, yet most important, pieces of data to gather before buying dividend stocks is the payout ratio, which refers to the company's dividend payment relative to its earnings per share. For example, if a company paid out $1.00 per share this year and earned $2.00 per share, it would have a payout ratio of 50%. In a nutshell, this tells you whether or not a company is earning enough money to cover its dividend, and whether it has the cushion to absorb a drop in earnings and still sustain its current payout rate (or increase it). There's no magic number to look for, but I tend to stay away from dividend stocks with payout ratios in excess of 60%. The big exception is REITs, which legally have to pay out at least 90% of their earnings. Because REIT earnings subtract depreciation, which isn't actually an expense, they are not a good reflection of how much money these companies are actually making. Instead, when calculating the payout ratio for a REIT, base your math on funds from operations (FFO) instead. A high FFO payout ratio is normal, but look for something considerably less than 100%. How badly would a recession or industry weakness hurt the company? The payout ratio is a great indicator of how well a company's earnings cover its dividend payments for now. However, the best dividend stocks are able to sustain or grow their dividends during good times and bad. The oil industry offers many fine examples of the sort of companies that don't meet this standard. Their earnings were crushed by the drop in oil prices a couple of years ago. Look at Chevron (NYSE:CVX). In 2013, Chevron earned $11.09 per share and paid out $3.90, for a payout ratio of 35%. Two years later, the company's payout ratio had skyrocketed to 175% thanks to falling oil prices. On the other hand, consider Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). The company's business model works well no matter how well or poorly the economy is doing. In prosperous times, people in general are willing to spend more money, which is good for large retailers like Wal-Mart. On the other hand, when a recession hits, people who typically shop at higher-end retailers are forced to cut back, which actually increases Wal-Mart's customer base during tough times. Just look at the company's earnings history -- Wal-Mart actually did better during the great recession in 2008 and 2009 than it did during the economically stronger years before it. WMT data by YCharts To be clear, I'm not saying that Chevron or any of the other big oil stocks are bad dividend investments, nor that Wal-Mart is necessarily a good one. However, the point is that before investing in any stock, it's important to have an idea about what could happen if things beyond its control go south. What's the dividend history? Finally, it's important to check out the history of the company's dividend. High dividends are nice, but high dividends that grow consistently are the holy grail of dividend investing. For example, Wal-Mart, which I discussed earlier, has increased its payout for 41 consecutive years. As an example of what to look for, consider National Retail Properties (NYSE:NNN), a retail real estate investment trust (REIT) that I own in my retirement account. The stock pays a generous 4.4% dividend as of this writing, but more importantly, the company has increased its dividend payment for 27 consecutive years. This type of dividend growth can help your investment income keep up with inflation over time, and increases the long-term compounding power of your investments. To find other dividend stocks that have great histories of increasing their payouts, check out the indices that track that subset of companies specifically, such as the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats, which only holds S&P 500 components that have increased their dividend for at least 25 consecutive years. While a stock's past performance or dividend behavior is no guarantee of the future, a history of shareholder-friendly dividend policies makes it more likely that the pattern will continue. Just a starting point These are a great starting point, but aren't the only things you should look at before investing. To grow your dividend knowledge even further, check out this list of important dividend metrics and other dividend content from The Motley Fool. Matthew Frankel owns shares of National Retail Properties. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 10:48AM Investment Planning Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.26 down $0.95 (-1.37%) Chevron NYSE:CVX $116.84 down $0.47 (-0.40%) National Retail Properties NYSE:NNN $45.80 down $0.29 (-0.63%) Read More Online Discount Brokers: Capital One vs. TradeKing My 3 (Financial) New Year's Resolutions, Ranked 5 Tips to Help You Save Your First $1,000 How to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Rule Breaker Investing Opens Up to Q&A for Entrepreneur Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Questions to Ask Before You Buy a Dividend Stock #stocks $WMT, $CVX, $NNN
null
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sheriff Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Former Newport Beach Mayor Dennis O'Neil dies Aaron Donald, Johnny Hekker represent Rams on All-Pro first team Analysis: Ducks in first place, despite up-and-down effort in first half Chris Paul expected to start Friday for the Clippers in Sacramento USC guard Damien Mama leaving early for NFL draft Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation U.S. adds 156,000 jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville Top news News Santa Ana police investigate homicide after stabbing victim found outside Walmart Dec. 18, 2016 Updated 11:28 a.m. 1 of 1 Santa Ana police are investigating the slaying of a man found early Sunday outside of a Walmart. (Photo courtesy of Santa Ana Police Department) Santa Ana police are investigating the slaying of a man found early Sunday outside of a Walmart. (Photo courtesy of Santa Ana Police Department) By SCOTT SCHWEBKE / STAFF WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF SANTA ANA – Police are investigating the slaying of a man found outside a Walmart early Sunday. Around 2:40 a.m. a security guard making rounds at the store in the 3600 block of West McFadden Avenue discovered the man near a loading dock, said Santa Ana police Cpl. Anthony Bertagna. The man, who had multiple stab wounds to the upper torso, was transported by ambulance to an area hospital, where he died, Bertagna said. Police have been unable to identify the victim, described in his 20s or early 30s. No arrests have been made and a weapon has not been recovered. Investigators will review surveillance video from the Walmart for clues in the homicide, Bertagna said. Anyone with information about the slaying is asked to contact Santa Ana police homicide investigators at 714-245-8390 or Orange County Crimestoppers at 855-TIP-OCCS or 855-847-6227. Contact the writer: 714-796-7767 sschwebke@scng.com Twitter: @thechalkoutline Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Authorities: 5 dead, 8 wounded in Florida airport shooting Local skiers, boarders gear up as Mammoth prepares for epic snowfall 3 Orange County hospitals among 14 fined by state for putting patients at risk How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sher User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville How the DOJ will conduct its civil-rights investigation of the district attorney and sheriff Woman dies after slamming her SUV into the back of a truck in Anaheim Former Newport Beach Mayor Dennis O'Neil dies Aaron Donald, Johnny Hekker represent Rams on All-Pro first team Analysis: Ducks in first place, despite up-and-down effort in first half Chris Paul expected to start Friday for the Clippers in Sacramento USC guard Damien Mama leaving early for NFL draft Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation U.S. adds 156,000 jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Santa Ana singer Caitlin Lucia, who once appeared on 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' is headed to Nashville Top news Education » Segerstrom offers dance classes for children with disabilities University of California to consider $282 annual tuition hike 7 things to watch in Irvine in 2017 BUSINESS » Kid-friendly, shared office space opens in Orange Lenders take hard line on your creditworthiness Investigators link Anthem cyber breach to foreign nation O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: Is child prostitution legal in California? Huntington Beach assemblyman says it is Nonprofit greyhound rescue and dog blood bank Hemopet is losing money Rackauckas backtracks, reinstates oversight position urged by jailhouse informant probe Health Care » State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence ENTERTAINMENT » A celebration of life will be held for Gabby Gaborno at the Observatory Is closing the Tower of Terror a Disney mistake? 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 6-8) Food » Top Orange County restaurants, The Winery and Javier's, headed for $585 million San Diego mall project Best Thing I Ate This Week: Fried chicken and biscuit at Reunion are just like grandma's The cream of the crop of 2016's cookbooks TELEVISION » 'Top Chef' recap: Baking, barbecuing and birthdays rattle the chefs A blow-by-blow of how 2016 punched us in the collective gut Most Influential 2016: Zach King's videos made him a star, and now he wants to take on Hollywood Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia ANALYSIS » Video: USC football team looks to build off amazing finish PHOTOS/VIDEO » Angel Stadium turned into giant dirt track for Supercross racing CARTOONS » Cartoons: Repeal and replace? SLIDESHOW » Winter rains brighten OC landscape BALD EAGLES » Where you can find our national birds in Southern California CARTOONS » Cartoons: Bring out your dead Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Smithfield Trust Co. Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Posted by William Strong on Dec 18th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Smithfield Trust Co. lowered its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 0.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 12,184 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 60 shares during the period. Smithfield Trust Co.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $878,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. British Columbia Investment Management Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the second quarter. British Columbia Investment Management Corp now owns 621,749 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $45,400,000 after buying an additional 13,017 shares in the last quarter. Banced Corp bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at $533,000. Fragasso Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.1% in the second quarter. Fragasso Group Inc. now owns 10,580 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $772,000 after buying an additional 317 shares in the last quarter. Beacon Financial Group boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 88.5% in the second quarter. Beacon Financial Group now owns 16,777 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,216,000 after buying an additional 7,879 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Somerset Trust Co boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.5% in the second quarter. Somerset Trust Co now owns 16,530 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,207,000 after buying an additional 552 shares in the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.14% on Friday, hitting $70.98. The stock had a trading volume of 17,844,831 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $70.46 and its 200 day moving average is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 12-month low of $58.67 and a 12-month high of $75.19. The firm has a market cap of $218.14 billion, a PE ratio of 15.40 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.03 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Smithfield Trust Co. Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT)” was published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/18/smithfield-trust-co-cuts-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the subject of several recent research reports. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, August 22nd. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, September 19th. Guggenheim initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, September 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target for the company. KeyCorp set a $90.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.84. In related news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Stake Boosted by KBC Group NV Next » KBC Group NV Has $915,000 Position in Jabil Circuit Inc. (JBL) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Live BroadcastWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us NEWS Man dies after being found stabbed outside Wal-Mart in Santa Ana Email share share tweet email KABC By ABC7.com staff Sunday, December 18, 2016 SANTA ANA, Calif. (KABC) -- A man died after being found suffering from multiple stab wounds early Sunday morning outside a Wal-Mart in Santa Ana, authorities said. A Wal-Mart security guard discovered the unidentified victim at about 2:45 a.m. in a loading area behind the store in the 3600 block of McFadden Avenue, according to the Santa Ana Police Department. Authorities were notified and officers responded to the scene, a news release said. The man, described as a possible transient in his late 20s or early 30s, was transported to UC Irvine Medical Center and underwent emergency surgery. He subsequently died of his injuries, police said. There was no known motive for the killing, according to detectives, and no details about the suspect were available. Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to call the Santa Ana police Homicide Unit at (714) 245-8390. City News Service contributed to this report. Download the free ABC7 Los Angeles app for breaking news, weather and local stories on-the-go Related Topics: newsstabbinghomicidehomicide investigationwalmartSanta AnaOrange County Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KABC-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS 5 Dead, Multiple People Injured in Shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport President Obama 'Heartbroken' for Victims' Families After Fort Lauderdale Shooting What We Know About Esteban Santiago, Suspect in Fort Lauderdale Attack Judge allows 2 witnesses early testimony in Robert Durst trial Witnesses Describe Screaming, 'Trail of Blood' After Gunman Opened Fire at Airport More News Top Stories Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting leaves 5 dead, 8 hospitalized Consumer Reports rates space heaters for safety, effectiveness Jeff Bridges honored with handprint ceremony at TCL Chinese Theatre LAX security increased following Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting Car recovered in suspicious case of missing NoHo couple Judge denies bail for Chicago Facebook Live torture suspects Apple Valley dad arrested on suspicion of murdering 8-yr-old son Show More 17-year murder case in Palmdale remains unsolved 103-pound weight loss is woman's greatest comeback Remains of newborn baby found in Riverside field El Monte chase suspects damage dozen cars while trying to flee Suspect in Oxnard woman's murder arrested More News Photos PHOTOS: 2017 Rose Parade float winners Photos: Ohio State University scene secure after attack PHOTOS: Florence Henderson through the years Photos: Donald Trump's 2016 Election Day More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Donald Trump’s Worst Idea: Trade Barriers New trade restrictions would decimate global supply chains, stunting manufacturing worldwide. By Gene Epstein Biography December 17, 2016 The ghosts of Reed Smoot and Willis Hawley are haunting the presidency of Donald J. Trump, even before it begins. To avoid the risk of recession, an exorcism of sorts is urgently required. Sen. Smoot and Rep. Hawley co-sponsored America’s infamous Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act of 1930, which hiked tariffs on imports to record levels. A global trade war resulted, as other countries responded in kind. U.S. foreign trade plunged by... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra Nike Needs a Breather Known for just doing it, the company stumbled in 2016. By Ben Levisohn Biography December 17, 2016 Nike (NKE), the company known for just doing it, stumbled in 2016. And it might not be able to get back on its feet in 2017. Nike’s route from “just do it” to “can’t do it” stemmed from its inability to keep pace with a changing footwear landscape. Consumer preference has shifted from Nike’s sports shoes to trendier styles, allowing competitors—Adidas (ADDYY) and Under Armour (UA), among them—to flourish in a way they haven’t in years. That heightened competition has hit Nike’s gross margins, which were off two percentage... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Kids go shopping with cops Mario Aguayo with Ninjago Legos he found while shopping with Twin Peaks Sheriff�s Station Deputy William Zerbe. (Photo by Douglas W. Motley) By Douglas W. Motley Some 50 lucky mountain area kids � 25 from Big Bear and 25 more from the Crestline, Lake Arrowhead and Running Springs communities � got a chance to shop with a cop on Sunday, December 11 as the San Bernardino County Safety Employees Benefit Association (SEBA) hosted its 15th annual Shop With A Cop program. Upon their 8 a.m. arrival at the Wal-Mart store in Highland, each of the 50 exuberant shoppers was personally escorted throughout the cavernous retail establishment by a shopping cart-toting sheriff�s deputy or other public safety officer. �The children arrive at Wal-Mart, we match them with a member of public safety, and they do the shopping,� explained event coordinator Deputy Michael Tulisiak. �This is really cool,� said an exuberant Mario Aguayo, 13, who attends Mary Putnam Henck Intermediate School in Lake Arrowhead. Mario, who was being escorted by Twin Peaks Sheriff�s Station Deputy William Zerbe, was encountered in the clothing aisle, picking out some new shirts for himself and his cousin. Next, Mario and Deputy Zerbe headed for the toy department, where Mario picked up several sets of Ninjago Legos. �I like Legos. It�s fun to build and create stuff with them,� he said. Explaining that each kid gets to pick out and take home up to $200 in gift items for themselves and others, Zerbe said volunteers from the Twin Peaks station included not only deputies, but members of the station�s Citizens On Patrol and Search and Rescue Team. Noting that this was his first time volunteering for the Shop With A Cop program, Zerbe said he always wanted to do it, but that he had always been assigned to patrol duty during previous events. �I love helping kids out this time of the year,� Zerbe added. Beaming with pride, San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon told The Alpenhorn News, �We do this all over the county. Today, we are here and in Barstow, and next week we�ll be in Rancho Cucamonga and Ontario,� he said adding, �It�s great to see the smiles on kids� faces and to make an impact on their lives.� Also enjoying the free shopping spree was nine-year-old Julian Hahn of Crestline. Julian, who is a fourth grader at Valley of Enchantment Elementary School, was seen picking out toys for himself and his brother, as well as gifts for his mother. High on Julian�s shopping list was a pair of Razor Shoe Skates, which he found in the store�s toy section. �They make sparks when you lean back on them,� he said excitedly. Twin Peaks Deputy Jason Mascetti, who accompanied Julian commented, �It feels good to give back to the community.� According to SEBA President Laren Leichliter, over 50 members of the law enforcement community, including sheriff�s deputies, probation officers, city police, Highland Fire Department and San Manuel police and fire departments, volunteered this year to play host to the deserving young people who might have otherwise had a less than merry Christmas. Twin Peaks Sheriff�s Station spokesman Gilbert Flores said each of the recipients were recommended by deputies, schools, churches and other community organizations. He said the station�s annual �Feasts For Families� is scheduled for 5 p.m. on Friday, December 16. The annual event usually provides 25 pre-chosen local families with holiday meal gift boxes, as well as hot chocolate, cookies and toys. A total of 15 Wal-Mart stores countywide participated in this year�s Shop With A Cop program, with each store hosting approximately 50 kids. The entire program was funded by more than $100,000 in charitable donations. Donors, Tulisiak said, included Wal-Mart, Morongo Casino, the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Indians, San Manuel Band of Mission Indians, the James Ramos family and Sheriff John McMahon.  submit your comments  Sitemap { Newspaper Templates by bulletlink.com }
Follow Vegas Inc Business Gaming Tourism Real Estate Legal Extras People Public Record Notes Nevada Nonprofits Latest Issues Digital Edition Vegas Inc's Giving Guide In This Issue Newsletter signup Records & transactions: The Data: Dec. 18-24 0 Comments By VEGAS INC staff (contact) Monday, December 19, 2016 - 2 a.m. 3322 BANKRUPTCIES CHAPTER 7 4KLED LLC 7780 S. Dunedin St., Suite 2 Las Vegas, NV 89139 Attorney: Angela J. Lizada at [email protected] BID OPPORTUNITIES DECEMBER 19 3 p.m. One-time purchase of aluminum shelters Clark County, 604286 Adriane Garcia at [email protected] 3 p.m. Annual requirements contract for firefighter boots Clark County, 604242 Sandra Mendoza at [email protected] DECEMBER 30 2:15 p.m. Desert tortoise fence, guards and culvert installation Clark County, 604003 Tom Boldt at [email protected] DECEMBER 31 3 p.m. Annual requirements contract for hot climate sealant Clark County, 604254 Ashley Peterson at [email protected] BROKERED TRANSACTIONS Sale $5,150,000 for 29210 square feet, retail/office 2700 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Suites C-200, 205, 300, Las Vegas, 89109 Landlord: Nevada Investment Partners Landlord agent: Charles Moore and Marlene Fujita of CBRE Tenant: TAG Las Vegas Boulevard LLC Tenant agent: Brendan Keating of Logic Commercial Real Estate BUSINESS LICENSES Wendy Waddell Hardy License type: Water ionizer sales Address: 2610 W. Horizon Ridge Parkway, Suite 100, Henderson Owner: Wendy Waddell Hardy Wal-Mart License type: Automated teller operator Address: 201 N. Nellis Blvd. and 3041 N. Rainbow Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Supercenter License type: Automated teller operator Address: 8060 W. Tropical Parkway and 4505 W. Charleston Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Wal-Mart Stores Wonda Renee Berumen License type: Real estate sales Address: 1820 E. Sahara Ave., Suite 101, Las Vegas Owner: Wonda Renee Berumen Zapateria Ilusion License type: Miscellaneous sales/service Address: 3422 E. Lake Mead Blvd., North Las Vegas Owner: Virginio Fernandez 039 Motorsport License type: Karting supplies Address: 2310 E. Lake Mead Parkway, Henderson Owner: Darryn Padfield 3G Productions License type: Contractor Address: 6295 S. Pearl St., Suite 800, Las Vegas Owner: Did not disclose A and D Pre Inspection License type: Instruction services Address: Did not disclose Owner: Donear Wiggins AB Jewelers License type: Jewelry and watch sales Address: 2700 N. Green Valley Parkway H4, Henderson Owner: AB Jewelers Accents License type: General retail sales Address: 300 W. Sahara Ave., Las Vegas Owner: Food Pantry Access Corrections License type: General retail sales Address: 13369 Vallely Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Keefe Commissary Network Accurate Colors License type: Contractor Address: 8660 Red Oak St., Las Vegas Owner: Did not disclose Addicted Realty License type: Short-term residential rental Address: 1045 Yucca Ave. and 1520 Vicenza Court, Las Vegas Owner: Andrew Suriano, George Anderson, Kenneth Calder and Yorgho Triantaphyllou American Insurance Solutions License type: Insurance agency Address: 1829 E. Charleston Blvd., Suite 100, Las Vegas Owner: American Insurance Solutions Anchor Shooters License type: Firearms instruction Address: 975 Seven Hills Drive, Suite 4221, Henderson Owner: Nick Norfleet Angel Villiatora License type: Real estate sales Address: 10220 W. Charleston Blvd., Suite 3, Las Vegas Owner: Angel Villiatora Annie Bananie Charters License type: Miscellaneous sales/service Address: 1513 White Daisy Way, North Las Vegas Owner: Annie Bananie Charters Awning Pros License type: Contractor Address: 6283 Dean Martin Drive, Suite F, Las Vegas Owner: Bruce Palmer Bail Bonds 4 Less License type: Bail bond agency Address: 325 S. Third St., Suite 20, Las Vegas Owner: Arturo Moreno-Sanchez Bebee Nails License type: Cosmetology Address: 925 S. Rainbow Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Kenneth Pro Nails Blazin Nails Salon License type: Cosmetology Address: 6530 N. Buffalo Drive, Suite 120, Las Vegas Owner: BJ Investment BTB Products License type: Vehicle restoration Address: 121 Corporate Park Drive, Henderson Owner: JSL Group Burkhart Dental Supply Co. License type: General retail sales Address: 4132 S. Rainbow Blvd., Suite 333, Las Vegas Owner: Delene Losch Carmen Sheppard License type: Real estate sales Address: 777 N. Rainbow Blvd., Suite 120, Las Vegas Owner: Carmen Sheppard Celeste’s Cosi Kit Co. License type: Rental kits for the Nevada State Board of Cosmetology Practicial Exam Address: 1049 Tabor Hill Ave., Henderson Owner: Celeste’s Cosi Kit Co. Celestina Brunetti Personal Chef License type: Miscellaneous sales/service Address: 2105 Barhill Ave., North Las Vegas Owner: Celestina Brunetti Champion Solutions of Nevada License type: Residential property maintenance Address: Did not disclose Owner: Uvani Jimenez Charlie Tours License type: General retail sales Address: 2200 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Las Vegas Owner: Charlie Tours Cindy Campbell License type: Psychic arts Address: 2841 N. Green Valley Parkway, Henderson Owner: Cindy Campbell Cinnamon’s Las Vegas License type: Restaurant Address: 7591 W. Washington Ave., Suite 110 and 120, Las Vegas Owner: Bronson Cacho and Alexander Nam Comanche Residential Services License type: Property maintenance Address: 1013 Elliot Park Ave., North Las Vegas Owner: Climate Control Consultants Correct Mechanical License type: Contractor Address: 3435 W. Lake Mead Blvd., Suite 100, North Las Vegas Owner: Correct Construction Crossroads Behavioral Healthcare License type: Professional Services Address: 800 N. Rainbow Blvd., Suite 208, Las Vegas Owner: Leesha Bitto D&M Cleaning Services License type: Property maintenance Address: 1290 W. Horizon Ridge Parkway, Suite 222, Henderson Owner: D&M Cleaning Services Dalos Legal Services License type: Professional services Address: 2831 St. Rose Parkway, Suite 200-220, Las Vegas Owner: Damian Bilbao Deitzen Brothers Interiors License type: Contractor Address: 7127 Southpark Court, Las Vegas Owner: Deitzen Brothers Interiors Delightful Chefs License type: Food services or cafe Address: 7311 Girard Drive, Las Vegas Owner: Delightful Chefs DF Wireless License type: General retail sales Address: 633 N. Decatur Blvd., Suite J, Las Vegas Owner: Neo Nevada Decatur Divine Dental License type: Professional services - medical Address: 7035 W. Ann Road, Suite 110, Las Vegas Owner: Rachel Mismas DIY Poki Salad Bowl & Sushi Burrito License type: Restaurant Address: 10624 S. Eastern Ave., Suite S, Henderson Owner: Diy Poki Bowl DXG Self Defense License type: General retail sales Address: 4490 N. Rancho Drive, Las Vegas Owner: Deus Ex Gladius Edgar Ortega License type: Rental property Address: 2241 Crawford St., North Las Vegas Owner: Edgar Ortega El Manantial Restaurant License type: Restaurant Address: 1078 N. Rancho Drive, Las Vegas Owner: Atrian’s Business Corp. Elaine Tax Service License type: Bookkeeper/income tax preparer Address: 716 Antique Silver Ave., North Las Vegas Owner: Elaine Lunar Emeliz Jewelry License type: General retail sales Address: 1720 E. Charleston Blvd. B06, Las Vegas Owner: Emelia Diaz Erica Biro, Mft Intern License type: Professional services Address: 7371 W. Charleston Blvd., Suite 130, Las Vegas Owner: Erica Biro Essence Vitae License type: Massage establishments Address: 5710 Simmons St., North Las Vegas Owner: Essence Vitae Evolution Family Services License type: Professional services Address: 3652 N. Rancho Drive, Suite 102, Las Vegas Owner: Evolution Foster Care Evolv License type: Professional promoter Address: 5000 W. Oakey Blvd., Suite D7, Las Vegas Owner: Final Source Production Group Fiala Project Resources License type: Management or consulting service Address: 3611 Lindell Road, Las Vegas Owner: Certified Project Resources Fitzhouse Enterprises License type: Contractor Address: 1711 Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson Owner: Fitzhouse Enterprises Frank Perez Ltd. License type: Law firm or law office Address: 1489 W. Warm Springs Road, Suite 110, Henderson Owner: Frank Perez Frenchy’s Kitchen License type: Restaurant Address: 10345 S. Eastern Ave., Suite 110, Henderson Owner: Gummy Enterprises George Aziz License type: Residential property maintenance Address: Did not disclose Owner: George Aziz H&E Import Export License type: General retail sales Address: 1717 S. Decatur Blvd., Suite C6, Las Vegas Owner: Reza Medhat Sarabi, Eman Toulani and Hamed Boyernegah Happy Toys License type: Toys and 3-D puzzle sales Address: 1300 W. Sunset Road Kiosk, Henderson Owner: FRSDP Health & Harmony Counseling License type: Professional services Address: 7371 W. Charleston Blvd., Suite 110, Las Vegas Owner: Maryjane A. Henning Healthcare Options for Patient License type: Production - MME Address: 4220 E. Craig Road, North Las Vegas Owner: Healthcare Options for Patients Enterprises Hi Desert Appliance License type: Secondhand dealer, Class II Address: 1417 S. Commerce St., Las Vegas Owner: Jennifer L. Diamond Hispanosometax Da Mas Servicios License type: Business support service Address: 4530 E. Charleston Blvd., Suite D9, Las Vegas Owner: Maria D. Lopez Home Helpers & Direct Link of Henderson License type: Personal care agency Address: 441 Cadence View Way, Henderson Owner: Freedom Byrd Hoodlum Steelworks License type: Metal fabrication and steelworks Address: 1065 American Pacific Drive, Suite 120, Henderson Owner: Hoodlum Steelworks Humana Pharmacy License type: General services Address: 1000 S. Rainbow Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Hank Robinson I and M License type: Bracelet Sales Address: 1300 W. Sunset Road Kiosk, Henderson Owner: FRSDP Immediate Personal Care License type: Residential home care provider Address: 2820 W. Charleston Blvd., Suite A8, Las Vegas Owner: Immediate Personal Care Indoor Comfort Services License type: Contractor Address: 4570 Donavan Way, North Las Vegas Owner: Indoor Comfort Services Interior Specialists License type: Contractor Address: 3450 Procyon St., Suite A, Las Vegas Owner: Alan Davenport Interventional Pain and Spin License type: Medical office Address: 715 Mall Ring Circle, Suite 100, Henderson Owner: Hans-Jorg W. Rosler, M.D. IPS Rentals License type: Audio visual consulting Address: 3062 Via Del Corso, Henderson Owner: IPS Rentals Jayne Owens License type: Real estate sales Address: 9525 Hillwood Drive, Suite 120, Las Vegas Owner: Jayne Owens Jeehee Kim License type: Real estate sales Address: 1820 E. Sahara Ave., Suite 101, Las Vegas Owner: Jeehee Kim JJ Ready to Rent Handyman License type: Residential property maintenance Address: Did not disclose Owner: Jose J. Valadez-Barajas K & M Painting and Drywall License type: Contractor Address: 6130 Elton Ave., Las Vegas Owner: Michael Tabeek Ke “Jenny” Liu License type: Real estate sales Address: 1820 E. Sahara Ave., Suite 101, Las Vegas Owner: Ke Liu Kelly Stewart Events License type: Professional promoter Address: 3013 N. Rancho Drive, Suite 116, Las Vegas Owner: Kelly Stewart Killer Dutch License type: General services Address: 8224 Minots Ledge Ave., Las Vegas Owner: KD Agency Kinglady Nails & Spa License type: Cosmetology Address: 6241 N. Decatur Blvd., Suite 130, Las Vegas Owner: Kinglady Nails & Spa Knoah Solutions License type: Call center outsourcing Address: 140 N. Stephanie St., Henderson Owner: Knoah Solutions Kolberg Enterprises License type: Management or consulting service Address: Did not disclose Owner: Lara Kolberg Landscape Masters Construction License type: Contractor Address: 4775 W. Teco Ave., Suite 130, Las Vegas Owner: Prodigium Corp. Landscape Masters Construction License type: Contractor Address: 4775 W. Teco Ave., Suite 130, Las Vegas Owner: Did not disclose Las Vegas Walking Tours License type: Miscellaneous sales/service Address: 2725 Perliter Ave., North Las Vegas Owner: Las Vegas Walking Tours Lawrence R. Phillips License type: Real estate sales Address: 10000 W. Charleston Blvd., Suite 130, Las Vegas Owner: Lawrence R. Phillips LC Company License type: Contractor Address: 700 Carnegie St., Suite 723, Henderson Owner: Lear Construction Lifetrans License type: Nonemergency medical transportation service Address: 3280 Coleman St., North Las Vegas Owner: Lifetrans Lilac Massage License type: Massage establishment Address: 5575 Simmons St., North Las Vegas Owner: Flourish Lofts at 7100 Apartments License type: Apartment house Address: 7100 Grand Montecito Parkway, Las Vegas Owner: PCCP GMP Montecito Louis Sengo Wellness Mat License type: Wellness matts and pillow sales Address: 1300 W. Sunset Road Kiosk, Henderson Owner: FRSDP Lularoe by Emily Morphis License type: General retail sales Address: Did not disclose Owner: Emily Morphis Luxuryrentalsvegas.com License type: Short-term residential rental Address: 6316 Bluejay Way, Las Vegas Owner: Emerald Investments Lyfe Kitchen License type: Restaurant Address: 140 S. Green Valley Parkway, Suite 142, Henderson Owner: Lyfe Kitchen West Margaret Romanoski License type: Social work, behavioral therapy Address: 2470 St. Rose Parkway, Suite 106, Henderson Owner: Margaret Romanoski Master Marketing Group License type: Management or consulting service Address: Did not disclose Owner: Sidney Maestre Masterpiece Barber School License type: Cosmetology Address: 2300 N. Rainbow Blvd., Suite 106, Las Vegas Owner: Marcus S. Allen Memra License type: Nonprofit community services Address: 2333 N. Martin L. King Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Medtyme Merle Gonzalez-Blanco License type: Psychic arts Address: 10720 S. Eastern Ave., Suite 120, Henderson Owner: The Soul Shop Mi Rancho Taqueria License type: Open air vending Address: 1021 E. Charleston Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Mi Rancho Taqueria Moneygram Payment Systems License type: Wire service Address: Multiple addresses, Las Vegas Owner: Steven Piano and W. Alex Holmes Mr. Nice Guy’s House Cleaning License type: Janitorial service Address: 3704 Corte Bella Hills Ave., North Las Vegas Owner: Trevor Adam Ketner Namki Kim License type: Real estate sales Address: 1820 E. Sahara Ave., Suite 101, Las Vegas Owner: Namki Kim Nevada Home Health Providers License type: Home health services Address: 1210 S. Valley View Blvd., Suite 100, Las Vegas Owner: Nevada Home Health Providers Nevada Reserve Studies License type: Interjurisdictional business Address: 4410 Skyview Drive, Las Vegas Owner: Nevada Reserve Studies Nora F. Ramirez License type: Independent massage therapist Address: 6909 Diver Ave., Las Vegas Owner: Nora F. Ramirez Negrete Oat Capital License type: Short-term residential rental Address: 19 Diamond Circle, Las Vegas Owner: Tomer Nagar OMG Sushi License type: Restaurant Address: 2351 N. Rainbow Blvd., Suite 103, Las Vegas Owner: Hoon CJ Co. Pangea Realty & Property Management License type: Real estate firm Address: 9159 W. Flamingo Road, Suite 102, Las Vegas Owner: Ron Nir Patricia Kunen License type: Real estate sales Address: 1820 E. Sahara Ave., Suite 101, Las Vegas Owner: Patricia Kunen Physicaladdress.com License type: General services Address: 304 S. Jones Blvd., Las Vegas Owner: Physicaladdress.com Pinnacle Community Services-Summit Hende License type: Job training for disabled citizens Address: 2260 Corporate Circle, Suite 490, Henderson Owner: Pinnacle Community Services Limited Partnership Pkwy Rampart License type: Restaurant with alcohol Address: 450 S. Rampart Blvd., Suite 120, Las Vegas Owner: Pkwy Summerlin Power Pallets License type: Manufacturing Address: 4865 Statz St., North Las Vegas Owner: Knight Builders PR Insiders License type: Management or consulting service Address: 3322 Shonna Way, North Las Vegas Owner: PR Insiders Prime Metal License type: General retail sales Address: 2123 Western Ave., Suite 4, Las Vegas Owner: Prime Metal & Hardware Supply Pure Spa and Nails License type: Beauty parlor Address: 4690 W. Ann Road, Suite 3, North Las Vegas Owner: Hung V. Mai R&R Appraisal Services License type: Professional services Address: Did not disclose Owner: Ronald K. Rossi Radiant Pools License type: Contractor Address: 4775 W. Teco Ave., Suite 130, Las Vegas Owner: Prodigium Corp. Radio Shack License type: Electronics sales and supplies Address: 1631 W. Craig Road, Suite 2, North Las Vegas Owner: General Wireless Operations Rambridge Wholesale International License type: Distribution center Address: 1051 Mary Crest Road, Suite N, Henderson Owner: Rambridge Wholesale International Rao Construction and Development License type: Contractor Address: 4775 W. Teco Ave., Suite 130, Las Vegas Owner: Prodigium Corp. Rapid Autobody & Collision Center License type: Automotive garage Address: 3065 N. Rancho Drive, Suite 164, Las Vegas Owner: Lee Miller Razmy, Shaun License type: Rental property Address: 2022 Bassler St., North Las Vegas Owner: Shaun Razmy Real Difference Management Consulting License type: Marketing and consulting Address: 871 Coronado Center Drive, Suite 200, Henderson Owner: Real Difference BUILDING PERMITS $2,049,150, commercial - new 12 E. Webb Ave., North Las Vegas United Renovations $400,000, tenant improvement x4 3300 W. Sahara Ave., Las Vegas Hadfield Building $370,000, tenant improvement 300 E. Clark Ave., Las Vegas B&H Construction $363,149, commercial 6009 W. Craig, Las Vegas Martin Harris Construction $350,000, commercial - remodel 445 Marks St., Henderson PKWY Management $292,368, commercial - alteration 3255 Losee Road, North Las Vegas Superior Builders $254,405, residential - production 2830 Athena Hill Court, Henderson Greystone Nevada $252,852, residential - custom 1221 Lake Heights Court, Henderson DR Horton $240,000, tenant improvement 1860 E. Charleston Blvd., Las Vegas Jerry Ramsey Construction $234,554, residential - custom 1210 Rose Quartz Road, Henderson DR Horton $211,918, single-family dwelling 9612 Ramon Valley Ave., Las Vegas Greystone Nevada $208,246, condominium - model 1525 Spiced Wine Ave., Suite 15101, Henderson Providence 207 Participants $207,496, condominium - model 1525 Spiced Wine Ave., Suite 15106, Henderson Providence 207 Participants $205,462, condominium - model 1525 Spiced Wine Ave., Suite 15105, Henderson Providence 207 Participants $203,258, single-family dwelling 12126 Rojo Roma Ave., Las Vegas Woodside Homes of Nevada $203,113, residential - custom 280 Sutton Hills Place, Henderson DR Horton $194,186, single-family dwelling 5536 Powell Prairie Ave., Las Vegas Richmond American Homes $181,244, single-family dwelling 12113 Hermesa Colina Ave., Las Vegas Woodside Homes of Nevada $180,535, single-family dwelling 9380 Blazing Canyon Ave., Las Vegas Adaven Homes $180,000, grading 4760 E. Bonanza Road, Las Vegas FBN Construction $177,905, pool and/or spa 1 Ascaya Blvd., Henderson Ascaya $175,000, demolition - commercial 721 E. Lake Mead Parkway, Henderson ACD Living Trust $174,723, residential - production 1131 N. Water St., Henderson Woodside Homes of Nevada $173,448, residential - production 1147 N. Water St., Henderson Woodside Homes of Nevada $170,006, commercial - remodel 2920 Bicentennial Parkway, Suite 100, Henderson Excel Anthem $157,811, residential - production 724 Gorringe Ridge Court, Henderson KB Home LV Pearl Creek $156,888, condominium - model 1525 Spiced Wine Ave., Suite 16103, Henderson Providence 207 Participants $156,750, condominium - model 1525 Spiced Wine Ave., Suite 15103, Henderson Providence 207 Participants $153,375, residential - production 1 Costa Tropical Drive, Henderson Century Communities Nevada $153,208, residential - production 11 Costa Tropical Drive, Henderson Century Communities Nevada $150,000, single-family dwelling 2828 N. Jones Blvd., Las Vegas Compass Construction $148,551, residential - production 982 Twilight Glow Court, Henderson KB Home LV Talesera Hills $146,699, single-family dwelling 7255 Southern Magnolia St., Las Vegas DR Horton $141,657, single-family dwelling 9938 Rams Leap Ave., Las Vegas Woodside Homes of Nevada $140,718, single-family dwelling 7265 Southern Magnolia St., Las Vegas DR Horton $140,178, residential - production 262 Inflection St., Henderson Richmond American Homes $139,995, commercial - remodel 9310 S. Eastern Ave., Suite 108, Henderson Beltway Plaza III $138,815, single-family dwelling 6665 Radiant Red Ave., Las Vegas Richmond American Homes $136,130, residential - production 1169 Strada Cristallo, Henderson Century Communities Nevada $135,797, residential - production 2426 Cingoli St., Henderson KB Home Inspirada $134,002, single-family dwelling x2 456 and 460 Vigo Port St., Las Vegas Ryland Homes $132,914, single-family dwelling 7905 Formitch Court, Las Vegas KB Home Nevada $132,055, residential - new 5821 Summit Greens St., North Las Vegas Shalc Gc $130,699, single-family dwelling x2 7245 and 7275 Southern Magnolia St., Las Vegas DR Horton $129,039, residential - new 2509 Splendid Manor Court, North Las Vegas Richmond American Homes $126,403, residential - new 5809 Country Lake Lane, North Las Vegas Beazer Homes Holdings $124,995, commercial - remodel 641 Marks St., Suite A, Henderson Sunmark Property $124,208, residential - production 458 Aubade Court, Henderson Richmond American Homes $120,271, residential - production 408 Via San Remo Circle, Henderson Century Communities Nevada $116,757, commercial - alteration 3255 Losee Road, North Las Vegas Superior Builders $116,667, commercial 6009 W. Craig, Las Vegas Martin Harris Construction $115,891, residential - production x2 3032 and 3040 Historic Horizon Ave., Henderson Beazer-Inspirada $113,173, residential - production 3156 Florence Falls Walk, Henderson KB Home Inspirada $112,064, residential - production 1096 Strada Cristallo, Henderson Century Communities Nevada $107,961, residential - production 135 Fulgora St., Henderson KB Home Nevada $107,585, single-family dwelling 10804 Cowlite Ave., Las Vegas Richmond American Homes $106,969, residential - new 5740 Country Lake Lane, North Las Vegas Beazer Homes Holdings $105,133, residential - production 1362 Bear Brook Ave., Henderson Ryland Homes $103,675, commercial - addition 3837 Bay Lake Trail, North Las Vegas Accelerated Construction $103,248, condominium - production x2 1525 Spiced Wine Ave., Suites 16101 and 16105, Henderson Providence 207 Participants $103,192, residential - production 471 Barcarolle Lane, Henderson Richmond American Homes $102,527, residential - production 732 Bollons Island St., Henderson KB Home LV Pearl Creek $102,250, condominium - production x2 1525 Spiced Wine Ave., Suites 15102 and 15104, Henderson Providence 207 Participants $102,080, commercial - remodel 10950 S. Eastern Ave., Suite 100, Henderson Maisa $101,806, residential - production 277 Via San Matteo, Henderson Century Communities Nevada $100,742, residential - new 3649 Starlight Ranch Ave., North Las Vegas Shalc Gc $100,000, commercial x2 7551 N. Cimarron Road, Las Vegas JLR Construction $97,138, single-family dwelling 7880 Formitch Court, Las Vegas KB Home Nevada $97,000, tenant improvement 2600 W. Sahara Ave., Las Vegas Hadfield Building $92,823, residential - production 3153 Florence Falls Walk, Henderson KB Home Inspirada $90,000, grading 333 N. Rancho Drive, Las Vegas Western States Contracting To receive a complete copy of Data Plus every week in Excel, please visit vegasinc.com/subscribe. Tags: Aggregate, Business, The Sunday Share 0 Comments Advertisement Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Power outage finally over at the Rio, officials say T-Mobile says unlimited plans will be only option December condo sales shine in Las Vegas housing market At CES, security experts warn of lurking threats from smart devices Department stores, once anchors at malls, become millstones Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Current Issue Digital Edition » Vegas Inc's Giving Guide » Guest Gauge Visitor forecast for Las Vegas this weekend: Busy * The Guest Gauge is not a scientific measurement and should only be read as an estimate of weekend crowds in Las Vegas. An indication of "very slow" corresponds with the lowest typical occupancy rate for rooms in Las Vegas. Advertisement Vegas Inc. © VEGAS INC, 2017, All Rights Reserved. About Contact us Advertise Reader agreement Privacy Policy Subscribe Greenspun Media Group Las Vegas Sun Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine Vegas Magazine
Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Connect with us Morning News USA Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Christmas Shopping Online: Walmart Can Still Deliver These Gifts For Christmas Share Tweet 10 Christmas Movies To Stream On Netflix 2016 Perfect For Kids Best Christmas Gifts For Your Girlfriend 2016: Perfect Gift Ideas For Her Under $50 Best Christmas Gifts For Your Boyfriend 2016: Perfect Gift Ideas For Him Under $50 Perfect Christmas Playlist: Top 10 Songs And Carols To Stream On Spotify Walmart Mike Mozart / Flickr CC BY 2.0 Nation Christmas Shopping Online: Walmart Can Still Deliver These Gifts For Christmas By Shaurya Arya Published on December 19, 2016 Share Tweet Comment Shoppers, Walmart may have the best news for you this Christmas! As part of its “Got ‘Em By Christmas” move, Walmart is offering fast delivery service for customers who haven’t been able to do their shopping early. It is also offering “free shipping” on orders of $50 or less. Walmart offers fast delivery as part of its ‘Got ‘Em By Christmas’ move. Customers can shop for a variety of products. These include, but are not limited to, clothing, electronics, home appliances, food gifts and beauty and grooming. The entire list of items and products that can be bought as part of Walmart’s “Got ‘Em By Christmas” sale can be viewed here. Also read: Decorate For Christmas With These Little Mason Jars Some of the bestselling products include: JVC LT-55UE76 55″ television (for $349.99) Barbie Dreamhouse (for $149.00) Samsung Galaxy Tab A ($179.98) RCA Voyager Tablet, with Android 6.0 Marshmallow (for $34.98) Razor Pocket Mod Electrical Scooter (starting from $199.00 till $303.33) Walmart is also offering a variety of products that can be picked up today. Some of the hottest products include: Fitbit Charge 2 Activity Tracker (for $129.95) Swarovski Crystal Fine Silver-Tone “Love/Always” Bracelet ($14.88; available exclusively on Walmart) Google Chromecast (for $32.99) Speak Out Game (for $26.95) Men’s Krugge Winter Boot (for $11.88) Also read: Boy Writes Heartbreaking Christmas Letter To Dad Who Passed Away, Reveals Tragic Circumstances Walmart latest move an attempt to take Amazon head on? Walmart’s online Christmas shopping is exciting news for customers who haven’t had a chance to do their shopping yet. Additionally, the store is also allowing shoppers to log onto the website www.walmart.com until 6 p.m. on December 23, then pick up purchases from the selected Walmart Supercenter. As reported by Forbes, Walmart’s latest effort is aimed to go head on with the likes of Amazon. For Amazon Prime subscribers, customers can avail their products by December 22. Forbes notes Walmart’s latest move can set a precedent, as other retailers (including Target and Macy’s) may expand their delivery and pickup options as well. Also read: Cyber Monday Sales 2016 – Walmart Previous Cyber Week Deals Liked this story? Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more updates on America. Continue Reading You may also like... 10 Christmas Movies To Stream On Netflix 2016 Perfect For Kids Best Christmas Gifts For Your Girlfriend 2016: Perfect Gift Ideas For Her Under $50 Best Christmas Gifts For Your Boyfriend 2016: Perfect Gift Ideas For Him Under $50 Perfect Christmas Playlist: Top 10 Songs And Carols To Stream On Spotify Related Topics:Christmas, Christmas shopping, Walmart About Shaurya Arya Shaurya covers wide range of genres. He is in the know about the day-to-day happenings in the US. He covers politics, environment, lifestyle and sports. Follow him to know the latest development in the US Presidential Election, rescue operations during tornadoes and other calamities or simply whether those viral videos and memes are true or hoax. With a Masters in Journalism, he has a bright future ahead in the field of writing and reporting. More in Nation Nation David Puckett: Photo, Facts And Updates On Six-Year-Old Boy Missing Since New Year’s Eve By Bhaskar DekaJanuary 3, 2017 A 6-year-old boy has been missing since the New Year’s Eve. Authorities have identified him as... Nation President Obama Works To Save Obamacare With Democrats By Shaurya AryaJanuary 3, 2017 President Barack Obama is expected to meet with the Democrats to devise a way to save... Nation President Barack Obama Prepares To Say Farewell, How To Watch His Final Address By Jennifer OngJanuary 3, 2017 In just a couple of weeks, President Barack Obama will step down as the 44th President... Good News Good News Starbucks Launches Drinks Just For New Year’s By Jereco PalomaDecember 29, 2016 Good News Toast To The New Year With These Wines By Jereco PalomaDecember 29, 2016 MNU EXCLUSIVES Editor’s Pick Maritime Bhangra Group: Canada-Based Indian Dance Group Raised Money For ALS & Breast Cancer Victims By Pritha PaulDecember 29, 2016 People Yevette Vasquez Is One Of The Most Inspiring Mothers Of 2016 By Debleena SarkarDecember 23, 2016 Sports Nike LeBron 13 Review: Find Out If It’s Worth The Cop At Discount Price By Arvin MatthewDecember 15, 2016 We've Got Good News Home About Us Contact Us Meet the team Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 - Tune Media. All rights reserved. To Top
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Video Sign up to receive weekly insights on video advertising and trends. SUBSCRIBE Walmart’s 2016 holiday videos on YouTube have earned over 75M views – far more than any other brand Walmart has scored more than double the number video views than the second leading brand on YouTube for holiday-related content. Amy Gesenhues on December 19, 2016 at 1:00 pm More Walmart’s push on YouTube this holiday season is paying off, earning the brand more than 75 million video views for its holiday-related content according to the video advertising platform Pixability. That number is far ahead of the second leading brand on YouTube during the same time period, Beats by Dre which has generated less than 30 million views from its holiday-related videos. In addition to Walmart and Beats by Dre, the top ten brands to generate the most holiday views on YouTube this year include: Paramount, Pokemon, Duracell, 20th Century Fox, Star Wars, Toys R Us, Apple and Best Buy. Most Holiday Video Views in Q4 2016 Using its own software to analyze data around branded holiday-related content on YouTube, Pixability found Walmart is the top brand for holiday video views in Q4 2016, but Warner Bros. holds the all-time record with nearly 450 million video views for holiday-related content over the years. (For all-time, Walmart was No. 3, behind Warner Bros and Angry Birds.) Pixability reports that video views for holiday content on YouTube has increased 65 percent year-over-year since 2011. Five years ago, holiday videos earned less than 10 billion views – this year holiday video views are projected to reach more than 60 billion views. All-time Holiday Views on YouTube Pixability shared an infographic with more details around “Holiday Unboxing” video views and other holiday-related video data on its blog: “Holiday Momentum on YouTube.” About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Articles #TheYouTubeAd contest recognizes AT&T, Budweiser, Old Spice & others for 'iconic' ads Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know Facebook Live will spin up 360-degree streaming to match YouTube Top 10 YouTube ads in 2016: Mobile Strike's Super Bowl 50 ad "Arnold's Fight" ranks #1 Channel: VideoGoogle: YouTubeStatistics: Online AdvertisingVideo Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You Are You Still Bidding Like It’s 2007? 10 Things Every Performance Marketer Should Know See More Whitepapers Webcasts Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Cities in Minnesota Say That Walmart Uses Local Police as Unpaid Security Guards Fortune Madeline Farber 12/19/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © Photo by ROBYN BECK AFP - Getty Images Shoppers wait in line to pay for their purchases at a Walmart store. Minnesota legislators claim Walmart has been using taxpayer money to subsidize security for its stores rather than paying for its own guards. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.26 -0.95 -1.37% In the past year alone, a Walmart wmt in St. Paul, Minn. has reportedly made 2,129 calls for service related to petty crimes, and one in Bloomington, Minn. made 1,250. Overall, police visits to Walmart stores in the Twin Cities metropolitan area alone have cost an estimated $3 million, City Pages reports. To combat the issue, two state representatives have a plan. State Rep. Mike Nelson of Brooklyn Park, and State Rep. John Lesch of St. Paul are working on a bill that, if passed, would increase private security in the stores, or modify Walmart's rules on when to call 911. The bill will be addressed at an upcoming legislative session, according to City Pages. A lot of times when Walmart comes into the cities, they ask for tax breaks, they ask for other incentives so that they can build there, and their thing is, 'Well, we can provide jobs, Nelson first told City Pages. Well, they're not providing that many jobs, they're not providing well-paying jobs, and then they're dumping their security problems back on the city resources. Currently, it's unclear exactly how many security guards Walmart assigns to each store. While some stores hire off-duty police officers, others may not have any, City Pages reports. But with its $14.7 billion in profits last year alone, Walmart can afford to reduce its number of police calls, Lesch said. Nelson and Lesch aren't the only two who have recognized the problem. Recently, Making Change at Walmart, a non-union group that's backed by the United Food and Commercial Workers union, has aired TV ads that condemn Walmart for spending too little on security at its stores across the country, not just in Minnesota. The ads have brought the issue into a national spotlight, notes City Pages. To address concerns, Walmart has implemented More at the Door-a program that brings back greeters to the entrances of its stores. The program, according to the retailer, has reduced calls to law enforcement by 35% across the nation. Fortune has reached out to Walmart and will update the story if we receive a response. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Fortune Drone Registrations Are Still Soaring Fortune Hear the ‘Hacked’ Vermont Utility Manager In His Own Words Fortune Taxi Drivers’ New Uber Defense: Lobby for Self-Driving Car Bans Fortune How This LGBT Entrepreneur Created a Company That Bets Big on Diversity Fortune Fortune View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 4° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 12° F Lo: -2° F Forecast Weather Blog 1 Weather Alert 2 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines RTA, riders preparing for strike should negotiations with the union fail 7:41 pm Donaghy said they have a number of supervisors and managers who are former bus operators that are prepared to drive if need. In anticipation… Springfield mother makes emotional plea to help bring daughter’s killer to justice Updated: 19 mins ago SPRINGFIELD, Ohio (WDTN) – The mother of a Springfield woman killed in 2015 wants anyone with information to come forward. Candance Prunty, … Second arrest made in arson that killed firefighter Patrick Wolterman 5:44 pm 2 arrested in Springfield missing persons case 5:31 pm Woman drives into river to avoid cops, boozes as car floats 4:43 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 4° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: -7° F Wind: WNW 6 Humidity: 70% Dewpoint: -4° F Sunrise: 7:58 AM Sunset: 5:27 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Caps blank Blue Jackets to end Columbus winning streak 3:30 am Washington won 5-0, snapping the Blue Jackets 16-game winning streak. Purdue edges Ohio State 76-75 3:25 am Buckeyes second half rally falls short in Columbus. Raiders return home to knock off Cleveland State 55-51 January 5, 2017 Little League requiring criminal background checks for coaches January 5, 2017 Buckeyes LB McMillan enters NFL Draft January 5, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Pet of the Week 2:56 pm March of Dimes 2:56 pm January is the month where the goal at the March of Dimes is “Prevent to Protect.” Firebirds Wood Fired Grill lighter menu items 2:55 pm SheroBox 2:54 pm 2017 Air Force Marathon 2:52 pm More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 4° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 12° F Lo: -2° F Secret Santa pays nearly $5K in layaways at Ohio Walmart By Associated Press Published: December 19, 2016, 7:37 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) MIDDLETOWN, Ohio (AP) – A Secret Santa has paid off nearly $5,000 in shoppers’ layaways at a southwest Ohio Walmart store. Store manager Darren Dooley tells the Hamilton-Middletown Journal-News the anonymous Santa paid off layaway items at a Walmart store in Middletown last week. He did the same thing last year as well. Dooley says he knows the person’s identity, but that he doesn’t want it revealed. “People are ecstatic when they come in to make their final payoff,” Dooley said. “It’s really overwhelming to them and they are very grateful.” Dooley says layaways have also been paid at other Walmart stores in the region. Ceceli Abernathy was told the Secret Santa had paid off her $50 deficit for toys she purchased for her daughter at a Walmart in Dayton. The Kettering woman called it a beautiful gesture. “I’m blown away right now,” Abernathy said. “I can’t believe it. That is amazing. You really filled my heart with a lot of love.” Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Pregnant shopper humiliated Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Virginia group accuses Walmarts of racist sales practice; retail giant fires back Families of fallen soldiers given all-expense paid holiday trip Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Costco Wholesale Corporation in 7 Charts An insightful look at the warehouse retailer through key metrics like membership growth, same-store sales, and sales per square foot. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Dec 19, 2016 at 9:21AM Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) has become one of the biggest retailers in the U.S through a combination of rock-bottom prices, a membership model that gives customers an added incentive to shop, and the so-called "treasure hunt" experience by which shoppers get free samples of a variety of foods and can purchase discount goods that are only available for a limited time. The company's global chain of warehouses gave it $118.7 billion in revenue in its last fiscal year, behind only Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). In addition to its retail prowess, the stock has also outperformed the broad market over the long term, delivering solid results for its shareholders. COST data by YCharts. However the stock has struggled this year, and 2016 could be its first losing year since 2008. COST data by YCharts. A combination of factors have been pressuring Costco shares this year. Sales and profit growth have slowed due in part to temporary factors like foreign currency translation and lower gas prices. More concerning is the deceleration in same-store sales growth, which has been a multi-year process in the U.S. Data source: Company 10-K filings. Same-store sales are key for Costco. It's the best reflection of future membership growth since sales should be growing along with membership, indicating demand for Costco's service. The slowing same-store sales growth seems to be a result of competition from Amazon and a resurgent Wal-Mart as e-commerce is taking a significant percentage of industrywide retail sales growth. Amazon Prime membership has skyrocketed in the last five years, and now has more members than Costco. Costco has been slow to build e-commerce capabilities, or offer now-commonplace services like buy-online/pick-up-in-store. It hasn't been innovating in the way Amazon and Wal-Mart have, and as a result, its comparable sales are slipping. Membership model Costco is different from most retailers in the way it generates profits. While traditional chains attempt to make a small profit on each sale, Costco instead sells annual memberships-the base price is $55-and operates its warehouses at essentially breakeven as access its low prices are the incentive for customers to buy memberships. Its gross margins in the low teens would be unsustainable for any other retailer. Since its profits are dependent on membership, its crucial that Costco's member base grow, and with a retention rate near 90% the figure has increased steadily in recent years.  Data source: Company 10-K filings. Data source: Company 10-K filings. Membership has increased by 5% or more since 2011, but membership revenue growth has slowed since 2013, mostly due to a stronger dollar weighing on membership fees from outside of the U.S. Costco's membership fees have consistently been higher than its net income, meaning the company loses around $300 million a year operating its stores. Store growth Finally, the other part of Costco's future that warrants a look is its new store plans. While Wal-Mart and some other retailers have scaled back on new store openings, Costco continues to aggressively open new warehouses. Data source: Company 10-K filings. The company's been growing its store base by about 4% a year, and plans to continue at that pace as management has noticed an opportunity in mid-tier U.S. cities. It's also expanding around the world as it will open its first warehouse in France this year. Sales per square foot is considered to be the best measure of how efficiently a retailer is using its real estate. As the chart below shows, that number ticked down last year, a sign that the company's store expansion strategy may need a refresh.   Data source: Company 10-K filings. One year's results may not be sufficient to draw that conclusion, but the sharp increase in sales per square foot from earlier in the decade seems to have clearly ended. Notably, Costco's sales per square foot is significantly higher than most big-box stores, as Wal-Mart generates sales of about $450 per square foot so it's clear the company's stores remain popular.  As the charts above show, Costco's membership model still appears to be solid, but there are signs in its same-store sales and sales per square foot that its model isn't delivering the growth that it used to. For a stock trading at a premium to the rest of the retail industry, those patterns could become a problem for the company over the coming years. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 9:21AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $795.99 up $15.54 (1.99%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.26 down $0.95 (-1.37%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $162.83 down $0.08 (-0.05%) Read More 4 Things Costco's CFO Wants Investors to Know What Does It Cost to Join Costco, Sam's Club, and BJ's? 3 Stocks With a Lot to Prove in December How Risky Is Costco Wholesale Co.? 3 Reasons to Buy Costco Wholesale Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Costco Wholesale Corporation in 7 Charts #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $COST
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 One of Costco customers' favorite perks is turning into the retailer's biggest weakness Kate Taylor Dec. 19, 2016, 10:00 AM 64,193 facebook linkedin twitter email print Costco's struggling to keep up.Flickr / Graeae Eye The joy of bargain hunting is being replaced by the convenience of e-commerce — and Costco is struggling to keep up. While companies such as Walmart and Target are making major investments in online shopping, Costco is lagging. Part of the reason for Costco's reluctance to build its online business is tied to the retailer's business model. "The key to warehouse club shopping is the hunt for new stuff that was not there last month or even last week — a real treasure hunt!" Frank Riso, principal at Frank Riso Associates, recently told Forbes of Costco. Treasure hunts work well in person. However, in 2016, online sales is one of the biggest areas of growth in the retail industry as customers ditch brick-and-mortar stores. E-commerce sales are expected to reach $385 billion in 2016 and $632 billion in 2020, according to BI Intelligence, Business Insider's research service. While the average growth rate in the US retail industry was just 2% in the first half of 2016, it reached 16% online. Essentially, if retailers want to grow sales, e-commerce is key — and Costco is falling short. Even Costco is realizing it needs to catch up. "There are some things that perhaps we should've done earlier," Richard Galanti, Costco's CFO, said in a call with analysts earlier in December. The company is currently focusing on increasing the number of items available online, making the checkout process more convenient, and working to deliver online orders faster. Galanti said in the earnings call that Costco plans to grow its online apparel business in particular. As a result, online sales are growing, increasing 8% in the most recent quarter compared with the same quarter last year. A Wal-Mart Pickup Grocery test store in Bentonville, Arkansas.REUTERS/Rick Wilking Still, Costco has a long way to go. The company says it is not going to add click-and-collect, an area other retailers like Kroger and Walmart are exploring. Nor is it planning to compete with Amazon or Walmart in terms of the sheer number or variety of products. "To Amazon and others' credit, they're trying a lot of things," Galanti said. "Some will work and some won't, and we're pretty good at understanding what works [for Costco]." A shortcoming Costco is trying to address is mobile sales. According to Galanti, the company has a lower ratio of mobile sales — a huge growth category — than the industry average. In general, Costco seems to have less urgency in growing online sales than competitors such as Walmart, Target, or even grocery chains like Kroger. "We have never been big on convenience. Our success has been based on pricing value, quality, and quantity at the lowest possible price," Galanti said during an earnings call in September. "You will see some differences, and mostly the differences are from an offensive standpoint, not a defensive standpoint. But we look at our core business of getting you in the store still is paramount to what we want to do." For comparison, in October, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said that Walmart, "over time, is going to look like more of an e-commerce company." Walmart has made some serious investments in e-commerce recently, purchasing the online retailer Jet.com and building new software called Electrode that it says helps its webpages load 33% faster. SEE ALSO: In-N-Out has the most loyal fast-food customers in America — but critics say that love is misplaced NOW WATCH: 9 items you shouldn't buy at Costco Loading video... More: Retail Costco Walmart E-Commerce facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru One of Costco customers' favorite perks is turning into the retailer's biggest weakness One of Costco customers' favorite perks is turning into the retailer's biggest weakness The joy of bargain hunting is being replaced by... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Lincoln Times News Archives Media Gallery Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Retail Advertising Forms Engagement Guidelines and Forms Wedding Guidelines and Forms Anniversary Form Birth Announcement Form Birthday Announcement Form Subscriptions About Us --> Local News Special Sections Recent Arrests and Charges Community Announcements Top Stories Regional and National News Lincoln County Schools Honor Roll Life Business Breaking News Announcements Engagements Anniversaries Weddings Sports Opinion Columnists Obituaries Classifieds E-Edition Home » Breaking News » ‘Elf Project’ makes season bright for local kids ‘Elf Project’ makes season bright for local kids Catawba Springs Elementary student Shaniyah Phillips picked out a pair of pink sneakers purchased with money donated by the Elf Project. MICHELLE T. BERNARD Staff Writer Christmas came early for some children attending Catawba Springs Elementary and St. James Elementary on Thursday thanks to East Lincoln Fire Department “elves,” area businesses and the community. The Elf Project was first started in 2009 as a way to help underprivileged students in the community and is a joint effort between the school and the fire department, according to Catawba Springs principal Kristi Smith. People in the community donate money to take the students shopping at Wal-Mart. The program has grown to include students from St. James as well. Area businesses provide food for a supper for the children and their families before they go shopping. This year, Chick-fil-A and Wal-Mart provided the food. Chick-fil-A also donated a small stuffed cow and a coupon for a free kid’s meal to each child. East Lincoln firefighters, other emergency response personnel from the fire station and volunteers shop with the children. The Elf Project is an alternative to the Angel Tree Project, which is also offered at several schools throughout Lincoln County, including Catawba Springs and St. James, during the holiday season. For the Angel Tree Project, Catawba Springs staff members do the shopping for the child, wrap the gifts and give them to the child in a discrete manner. “This year we have about 12 families that chose to do the Elf Project and St. James has about 25 families,” Smith said. “There are about 30 children from Catawba Springs that our staff is shopping for the Angel Tree Project. Each of the children write down a couple of toys that they’d like and their clothing sizes to help guide the staff.” Throughout the year, the teachers submit names of the children that they feel need assistance and the school sends letters home to the families to get permission, according to Smith. While shopping at Wal-Mart with the children, the firefighters try to steer the children toward picking out first an outfit of clothes and then age-appropriate toys or games with what money they have left. “Wal-Mart funds approximately $2,500 via a grant for the Elf Project,” East Lincoln Fire Chief Timothy Tench said. “The community really stepped up the first couple of years and gave us donations. During the first year we knew we had x-number of kids but we didn’t have enough money and the night before we had a room full of people – it was like a telethon and we were all on our cell phones calling everybody in our phone books for money so we’d have enough to take the kids shopping.” Smith said that, sometimes, while they are shopping at Wal-Mart, shoppers will come up to the firefighters and ask what they were doing. Once they find out, they’d often give more money to help. All of the money that is raised for the Elf Project is raised by the community or via a grant from Wal-Mart, according to Tench. After the children and families eat, they all go to Wal-Mart and pick up shopping carts with their names on them and head out to shop. This is the first year that Sherika Anderson took part in the Elf Project with her two children, Shaniyah Phillips, 5, and Antonio Anderson, 8. “I have no earthly idea of what they want,” Anderson said. “It’s a struggle to do Christmas but they are always happy with whatever they get.” Prior to getting to Wal-Mart, Antonio Anderson thought that he wanted to get to clothes but, as soon as he got there, he steered East Lincoln firefighter Bob Wallace toward the Xbox games and picked out a controller to replace his, which was broken. He also got two Nerf guns. Phillips shopped with her mother and got a doll and two outfits of clothes for both the doll and herself, as well as some pink sneakers. Tench said he has been involved with the Elf Project since its onset and has seen the number of children that it assists increase every year. Donations are accepted throughout the year to help fund both the Elf and Angel Tree projects. Contact either the East Lincoln Fire Department or the schools for more information on how to help.   Image courtesy of Michelle T. Bernard You must be logged in to post a comment Login Pages About Us Contact Us Forms Anniversary Form Birth Announcement Form Birthday Announcement Form Engagement Guidelines and Forms Wedding Guidelines and Forms Place a Classified Ad Retail Advertising Lincoln Times News Archives Media Gallery Subscriptions Categories Anniversaries Announcements Breaking News Business Columnists Community Announcements Engagements Life Lincoln County Schools Honor Roll Local Businesses Local News Obituaries Opinion Recent Arrests and Charges Regional and National News Special Sections Sports Top Stories Weddings Socialize Sign Up Now For Email Marketing you can trust. © 2016, ↑ Lincoln Times-News
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart program: Stash cash in savings account, win prizes Associated Press By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer 12/18/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © The Associated Press FILE - In this May 16, 2011, file photo, the Wal-Mart logo is displayed in Springfield, Ill. Wal-Mart has a new program that offers prizes as incentives to get its legion of shoppers to sock away money in saving accounts. The "Prize Savings" program features Wal-Mart's branded reloadable prepaid debit cards, which are linked to a free savings "vault." (AP Photo/Seth Perlman, File) Wal-Mart has a new program that offers prizes as incentives to get its legion of shoppers to sock away money in saving accounts. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.26 -0.95 -1.37% Green Dot Corp GDOT ▲ 25.07 +0.30 +1.21% The "Prize Savings" program features Wal-Mart's branded reloadable pre-paid debit cards, which are linked to a free savings "vault." Savers are given one entry into a monthly prize drawing for every dollar they stash in the vault. The sweepstakes will award 500 cash prizes every month, with the average prize being about $25. The monthly sweepstakes includes one $1,000 grand prize. Wal-Mart says the program, launched in without fanfare in August, is the first national and retail prize-linked savings program. It's also a way to encourage saving by its low-income shoppers, many of whom might not have enough saved to cover even the smallest emergencies, like fixing a flat tire. The move underscores how the world's largest retailer is expanding its financial services, which already includes check cashing and money transfers. Savings programs tied to prizes are becoming more widely available in the U.S. with the enactment of the American Savings Promotion Act, which became law in December 2014. That removed all federal regulatory barriers to banks and thrifts offering prize-linked savings programs. With Wal-Mart's program, users log into their MoneyCard app or website to transfer money from their balance into the separate MoneyCard Vault, a free savings feature. The program is in partnership with Green Dot Corp., which is the issuing bank for Wal-Mart's prepaid cards. They enlisted Commonwealth, a national organization that uses innovative ways to encourage people to save through programs like prize-linked savings. Executives with Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which is based in Bentonville, Arkansas, told reporters Thursday that the "Prize Savings" program is already enticing customers to save more. When the program first started, the average customer savings balance was $413. Now, that figure is $572, a 35 percent increase. _____________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $3,858,000 Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Northpointe Capital LLC Raises Stake in LSI Industries Inc. (LYTS) Culp, Inc. (CFI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Position Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Stake Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc. Insider Selling: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Insider Sells 312 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Maintains Stake in Equity Residential (EQR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Maintains Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX) People s United Financial Inc. Has $4,438,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Brookstone Capital Management IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) CEO Sells $774,499.60 in Stock Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Holds Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) December 17th, 2016 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. maintained its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 2,833 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $204,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.8% in the third quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 2,644 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $191,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 14.8% in the third quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 46,454 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $3,350,000 after buying an additional 6,003 shares in the last quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 90.8% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 74,937 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $5,409,000 after buying an additional 35,652 shares in the last quarter. KBC Group NV increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 397,982 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $28,702,000 after buying an additional 2,174 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares in the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.14% on Friday, reaching $70.98. 17,844,831 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $218.14 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.40 and a beta of 0.11. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $70.46 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 52-week low of $58.67 and a 52-week high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.03 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2016/12/17/penobscot-investment-management-company-inc-holds-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on WMT. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, November 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, September 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $73.70 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, September 7th. Finally, Jefferies Group set a $86.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, September 12th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.84. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Friday January 6 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives News Edmonton Adopt-A-Teen Adopt-A-Teen: Volunteer overwhelmed by gratitude when handing out Adopt-A-Teen cards By Claire Theobald First posted: Saturday, December 17, 2016 09:17 PM MST | Updated: Saturday, December 17, 2016 09:23 PM MST Sandy DeMaria, a long-time supporter of the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton and Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, said she was brought to tears by the expressions of joy and gratitude shown by underprivileged teens who received a $50 Adopt-A-Teen gift card during Walk-In Days in 2015. CLAIRE THEOBALD/Postmedia Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error After handing out $50 Walmart gift cards on behalf of Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, volunteer Sandy DeMaria said, “I truly felt like Santa Claus.” DeMaria has been a long-time supporter of the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton and Adopt-A-Teen, but last year decided to donate her time as well during the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton's walk-in days. The Christmas Bureau of Edmonton, 630 CHED Santas Anonymous and Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen all work together to provide everything an underprivileged family needs to celebrate this holiday season. With just one application, a family can receive a food hamper stuffed with all the trimmings needed for a festive meal, toys for their children through 630 CHED Santas Anonymous, and a $50 Walmart gift card for every teen on our list. “It is such a joy to be involved with all of them, they do such a great job,” said DeMaria. Not wanting anyone to get left out this Christmas, after the application deadline passes families have one more chance to put in an application and pick up their goods on the spot during Walk-In Days. It was here that DeMaria got to experience first hand the joy a gift from Adopt-A-Teen brings to a teenager who otherwise would go without. “The beautiful smile that crossed their faces was just very moving,” DeMaria said. During Walk-In Days, teens often accompany their parents to help carry the food hampers and gifts for their siblings, not expecting anything for themselves. “Often times unfortunately they are the ones that are forgotten. We think of the young ones and you think of the families. Everybody needs our help,” said DeMaria. But when they find out there is a $50 Walmart gift card waiting just for them, their joy can be overwhelming. DeMaria says she will never forget the gratitude shown by two such teenage girls who were accompanying their mother during last year's Walk-In Days. “I don't think they realized that they would be getting gift cards themselves, and they were just so excited that they practically jumped over the table and gave me the biggest hug, each of them. It was such a moving moment,” said DeMaria. “I was tearing up.” For our teens, the impact of knowing there is someone out there who cares and wants them to experience all of the joy the holidays bring can last a lifetime. “This is what it's all about,” said DeMaria. This year, Adopt-A-Teen is hoping to share that joyous feeling with 9,000 underprivileged teens in our own community. As of Saturday, generous donors have gifted Adopt-A-Teen with $149,424, that's enough to put a $50 Walmart gift card under the tree for more than 2,988 teens on our list. But with just one week before Christmas, we still have 6,012 teens unaccounted for. Help share the joy of the season with a teen in need, your kindness will not go unnoticed. For more information or to donate online, visit us at www.adoptateenedmonton.ca To make a donation over the phone, call the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton at 780-414-7694 during regular business hours. Cash or cheques made out to "Adopt-A-Teen Edmonton" can be dropped off in person at any Edmonton fire hall. Cheques can also be mailed to Adopt-A-Teen, c/o The Christmas Bureau, #200, 4230 118 Ave. NW, Edmonton, AB, T5W 1A4. twitter.com/AdoptATeen  As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN Adopt-A-Teen Adopt-A-Teen: Volunteer overwhelmed by gratitude when handing out Adopt-A-Teen cards By Claire Theobald First posted: Saturday, December 17, 2016 09:17 PM MST | Updated: Saturday, December 17, 2016 09:23 PM MST After handing out $50 Walmart gift cards on behalf of Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, volunteer Sandy DeMaria said, “I truly felt like Santa Claus.” DeMaria has been a long-time supporter of the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton and Adopt-A-Teen, but last year decided to donate her time as well during the Christmas Bureau of Edmonton's walk-in days. The Christmas Bureau of Edmonton, 630 CHED Santas Anonymous and Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen all work together to provide everything an underprivileged family needs to celebrate this holiday season. With just one application, a family can receive a food hamper stuffed with all the trimmings needed for a festive meal, toys for their children through 630 CHED Santas Anonymous, and a $50 Walmart gift card for every teen on our list. “It is such a joy to be involved with all of them, they do such a great job,” said DeMaria. Not wanting anyone to get left out this Christmas, after the application deadline passes families have About the author Claire Theobald Other Stories Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 Edmonton police have charged a 21-year-old man in the city's first homicide of the year.Southwest patrol officers found an injured Darrian Trevino-Sabourin, 21, inside a suite near 103 Street and 45 Avenue around 4:30 a.m. Wednesday. He was taken to hospital, where he died around 6:30 p.m. that day. An autopsy Thursday confirmed Trevino-Sabourin di Woman accused of manslaughter may be in Edmonton, say RCMP Lac La Biche RCMP say a 29-year-old woman accused of manslaughter may be in the Edmonton area after breaching her bail conditions.Tamra Myrna Hardy, 29, was charged after two people broke into 38-year-old Michael William Sheppard’s home on the Kikino Metis Settlement south of Lac La Biche before he was assaulted on April 24, 2015. Sheppard was take See more from Claire Theobald » Top stories Popular Latest Videos Larsson silencing critics of Taylor Hall trade Political correctness has run amok Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Woman accused of manslaughter may be in Edmonton, say RCMP Airport shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after Iraq tour: Aunt Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Slingshot vandal dodges criminal record for bus shelter 'carnage' Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 Woman found dead at northwest Edmonton house Walterdale Bridge Tour Edmonton property owners see dip in value thanks to slow economy, says city Ups and downs seen in Edmonton's 2017 housing forecast You will see benefits of carbon tax More from Edmonton Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says Slingshot vandal dodges criminal record for bus shelter 'carnage' Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 Woman who beat husband to death sentenced to 15 years in prison Alberta court ruling an affront to free speech, lawyer says Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Airport shooting suspect 'lost' mind News City senior unfit for trial in wife's death News Carbon tax to cost schools millions says Wildrose Sports Raps' Carroll expecting Millsap trade News Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died Entertainment Affleck is best actor/director: Cranston News Woman detained after reporting rape: Suit Entertainment Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher laid to rest News 5 dead in Fla. airport shooting Sports Raptors-Jazz reaction: Every coach is a fan of Low Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 06, 2017, 7:58 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Firm focuses on product pages 2 bill their business as a ‘content factory,’ reel in Wal-Mart By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published December 18, 2016 at 2:02 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Eric Howerton, CEO of WhyteSpyder Inc., listens to Brooke Galligan talk during a recent staff meeting. The company works with Wal-Mart suppliers on producing descriptions of products listed on walmart.com. Comments aAFont Size Eric Howerton reached out to the University of Arkansas when he needed a programmer to help his now defunct creative consulting company work on a large project for a client. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Firm focuses on product pages Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Business news in brief State bankers hope Trump loosens rules Onyx Coffee to get new roastery Cargo thefts in state jump 300%; loss in '15 ... Firm focuses on product pages Donors on board with El Dorado becoming enter... Christmas tree farms exhort 'keep it real' Diamond mine set to be flooded BUILDING PERMITS More Business stories > Comments on: Firm focuses on product pages To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Obama says he would support repealing health care law if GOP puts forward better plan (8 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Lose the sore (25 comments) Study: No pause in global warming (36 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: An ignominious start (37 comments) Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back (13 comments) 4 suspects in beating of disabled man that was broadcast on Facebook appear in court (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature A Lion in Winter The lesson from Sarofim's five decades in the investment business: Buy quality stocks; hold them forever. By Andrew Bary Biography December 28, 2013 After more than five decades in the investment business, Fayez Sarofim remains bullish on U.S. stocks, particularly brand behemoths like Coca-Cola and Philip Morris International that he has owned for decades. Sarofim has long favored well-regarded industry leaders over smaller upstarts. "People always look for the needle in the haystack. Why not buy the haystack?" says Sarofim, 85, who came here from Egypt in 1946 and... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Local Kids Get To Shop With A Hero - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Radar LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video Football National/World MeTV NFL PlayOff Schedule Get Apps School closings Text Alerts Korea Veterans NewsNow Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Local Kids Get To Shop With A Hero Posted: Monday, December 19, 2016 4:26 PM EST Updated: Monday, December 26, 2016 4:26 PM EST By Emily Matson Email Connect ematson@wicu12.com Some local kids will have a much brighter Christmas, thanks to local men and women in uniform. The annual Shop With a Hero program took place Monday, at the Walmart in Harborcreek. The Shop with a Hero program pairs children in need, with members of local law enforcement and members of the military. Monday, they went from aisle to aisle, shopping for Christmas. State Police troopers, local police, sheriff's, federal agents, and military members all took part. Each child got a $100 Walmart gift card, and the opportunity to spend it on virtually anything they want for Christmas. But it was clear that many of the kids shopping were just as eager to buy gifts for their loved ones. Not only it heartwarming for law enforcement, it's a chance to create a bond, even if in just a few of hours, to show the children that police and military are the good ones, "As a police officer, a lot of times you see the worst of the worst. Well today, our officers and military get to see the best of the best,"said State Police Trooper Stephen Oler. "They get to see these kids smiling, we're all having a good time together and they get to know that the military and police officers are good guys," Tpr. Oler continued. "When we get to come out here with the kids and really get one-on-one with them, I think it really shows a different light on police officers, it shows that they (the kids) can come approach us instead of shy away," said Girard Borough Police Officer Jeffrey Parker. The Shop With a Hero program also took place at the Titusville Walmart last week, and will be held again Tuesday at the Walmart on Elm street, in Erie. Current Conditions 7-Day Forecast ---> Radar Satellite Temps Cameras Closings Get our FREE weather app: Apple | Android | Fire Upload your own image or video Loading... Tweets by @WICU12 Search Yellow Pages: Popular Searches Apartments in Erie Attorneys in Erie Auto Dealers in Erie Auto Parts in Erie Auto Repair in Erie Beauty Salons in Erie Car Rental in Erie Dentists in Erie Doctors in Erie Flowers in Erie Hotels in Erie Insurance in Erie Loans in Erie Mortgages in Erie Movers in Erie Pizza in Erie Realtors in Erie Restaurants in Erie Storage in Erie Tax Preparation in Erie Travel in Erie Featured More... Powered by Local Corporation Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> School Closings School closings School and Event Closings More >> School and Event ClosingsMore >> Second Man Charged in February Murder on Erie's West Side Second Man Charged in February Murder on Erie's West Side Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:43 PM EST2017-01-06 22:43:28 GMT Police arrested Lavance Kirksey, 24, on homicide charges for the shooting death of Jemar Phillips. Phillips was shot in a parking lot at 18th and Raspberry on Valentine's Day. More >> Police arrested Lavance Kirksey, 24, on homicide charges for the shooting death of Jemar Phillips. Phillips was shot in a parking lot at 18th and Raspberry on Valentine's Day.More >> Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 5 dead, suspect had gun in bag Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 5 dead, suspect had gun in bag [Breaking news alert, posted at 1:28 p.m. ET Friday]More >> Five people were shot dead and eight wounded in a baggage claim area at Fort Lauderdale's airport, and law enforcement sources tell CNN the suspect, identified as Esteban Santiago, had brought the firearm in his checked...More >> Ribbon Cut on Humane Society's New Pet Wellness Clinic Ribbon Cut on Humane Society's New Pet Wellness Clinic Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 11:50 AM EST2017-01-06 16:50:12 GMT It's a big day for the humane society as the ribbon is officially cut on a new affordable pet wellness clinic. More >> It's a big day for the humane society as the ribbon is officially cut on a new affordable pet wellness clinic.More >> 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A Few Ways To China-Proof Your Portfolio: Seema Mody Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} December 19, 2016 3:48pm   Comments Share: Related MRVL 23 Notable Presentations On The CES 2017 Schedule 3 Reasons Marvell Will Return To Top-Line Growth Three Chipmakers Set For Solid Earnings Gains This Year (Investor's Business Daily) Related TXN Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For December 29, 2016 The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Fall Republic Services: Can A Garbage Collecting Company Make You Money? (Part 1 Of 2) (Seeking Alpha) Investors concerned over worsening U.S.-China relationship should consider "China-proofing" their portfolio. CNBC's Seema Mody offered some helpful tips. According to Mody, many American-based companies have flourished over the years while the relationship between the two governments was stable. Accordingly, any setbacks in the relationship between the two countries could hurt many American companies. While some of the names on Mody's list should be apparent to investors, some could come as a surprise. For instance, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) derived more than $50 billion in revenue from China over the past year. Moreover, a proposed tariff by President-elect Donald Trump could hurt Wal-Mart as it will drive up prices of Chinese made goods in its American stores. Technology Sector Mody continued that the technology sector is the most exposed to China as around half of all imports from China to the U.S. are electronics. Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (NASDAQ: MRVL), Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ: TXN), Western Digital Corp (NASDAQ: WDC), among several others, have all reported a significant portion of their revenue from China. Bottom Line Mody did acknowledge it may be too early for investors to start rushing today to "China-proof" their portfolio as it has yet to be seen if harsh words from both sides will turn into action. Posted-In: China Donald Trump Seema ModyCNBC Politics Media Trading Ideas General © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRVL + TXN) Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For December 29, 2016 The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Fall A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Lower Ahead Of Jobless Claims Report 23 Notable Presentations On The CES 2017 Schedule Wall Street's Top Picks For 2017: All In One Place Meet This Year's Best Technology ETF View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MRVL Trending Recent 1 IDXG, IMGN: 15 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 ALXN, LB: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 CI, ANTM: Anthem-Cigna Deal Unlikely To Be Consummated, Says Stifel 4 AMZN, SHOP: Shopify Shares Pop As Old Deal With Amazon M... 5 GILD, ALIOF: Jefferies' Picks For 2017 ... 6 GM, TSLA: Tesla Set Up For Massive... 7 VBIO, GWPH: 5 Overvalued Ca... 1 CBS: CBS Investors Look To 2018; This Year Will Be A Transition Year 2 NVDA: NVIDIA CEO's Keynote At CES Exceeded Expectations 3 MDP, GBX: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Lower; All Eyes... 4 Corn Futures Flat 5 Wheat Futures Little Changed 6 Soybean Futures Trading Lower 7 Sugar Futures Trading Lower View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Must-Try Money Saving Strategies For Millennials In 2017 Vetr Urges Skechers Buy On Heels Of Strong Growth
Accessibility Links Skip to CBC accessibility page CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Listen Live White Coat, Black Art with Dr. Brian Goldman Episodes Blog About Contact Episodes Blog Podcast About Contact Monday December 19, 2016 See the doctor & go shopping all under one roof Thanks to the growth in retail clnics, you may be able to shop and see a doctor in the same place. (Jeff Gritchen /The Orange County Register via AP) (Associated Press) Listen 8:36 more stories from this episode See the doctor & go shopping all under one roof "I'm a white settler": Why that matters in healthcare Full Episode You're in the local big box retail store buying groceries and some holiday gifts, and a sore back from too much snow shovelling has left you in pain. You can't get a same-day appointment with your GP and you dread a trip to the ER.. So you decide to head to the nearby retail medical clinic. You're not alone. More and more of us are doing just that.   The grocery retailer Loblaw's now has scores of medical clinics at many of its Loblaw's and Real Canadian Superstores. There are retail medical clinics at some Zehr's and No Frills stores as well. The clinics at those stores are staffed by MDs; the clinic is managed by Primacy - a property management firm. Wal-Mart was late adding medical clinics, but it's catching up; its 64 clinics operate on space rented out by Jack Nathan Health.  Shopper's Drug Mart was the first to open such clinics. The first one opened in 2002, and it has hundreds of them at pharmacies across Canada. The result is that many people are able to get medical advice right inside the big box store.  The level of care you receive depends on where you go. In general, they are staffed by MD, although there's no reason why they couldn't be staffed by nurse practitioners. The clinics affiliated with Shopper's Drug Mart offer walk-in service as well as family practice. Some of the retail clinics may offer walk in services only, so check first. Clinics at Loblaw's and other retailers may be under the same roof but are managed separately, yet they work synergistically with the retailer. One of the key aims of retail clinics is customer convenience - which is code for "keep shopping please." When you sign in to clinics operated by Jack Nathan Health (Loblaw's, Zehr's and No Frills), you get a pager so you can continue browsing the store aisles. You're paged five minutes before your appointment. There are no surcharges. The doctor bills the province. If needed, the doctor can refer you for lab tests, x-rays, plus referrals to a physiotherapist or a specialist. Health care consumers seem to like them. For what it's worth, they've been packed during the holiday shopping season. Convenience is the main attraction. If you injure your ankle and are looking for a quick assessment and (if necessary) a referral for x-rays, this sort of place is right up your alley.   A young mother wrote about the experience of being at the cottage when her child developed a fever and a skin rash. It was pointless to return home since the pediatrician wasn't in the office that day. The ER was a 45-minute drive away, and the local walk-in clinic had long wait times. Instead, she took her child to the clinic at the Wal-Mart pharmacy, and was in and out within 30 minutes. Mom was happy, but would have felt differently had the doctor on duty advised her to take her child to the ER.   Customers love the fact that retail clinics are cleaner and have more up-to-date equipment than many walk-in clinics or ERs. But how good are retail clinics at helping avoid trips to the ER? That question was the subject of a study by researchers with the RAND Corporation, Truven Health Analytics, Harvard Medical School and the U.S. government's Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. The researchers looked at the rate of visits to the ER for minor illnesses and injuries. They found that the presence of retail clinics near the ER had no impact whatsoever on the rate of visits to the ER for minor ailments.   The study is based on the experience in the U.S., but my sense is that the results would be the same in Canada. My fear is that retail clinics will actually contribute to an increase in health care costs by duplicating services without improving the health of Canadians.  Family doctors would argue (correctly in my opinion) that retails clinics do not offer the kind of continuity of care that is part-and-parcel of family medicine. Still, long term, myself and others see a pretty compelling trend here. Patients are tired of being herded like cattle to the ER. They're looking for a different kind of entry point into the healthcare system – one that is conveniently located and operates during convenient hours. It may not be retail clinics alone, but perhaps retail clinics plus walk-ins plus teledoctors and mobile apps all working seamlessly.   The trend is new, and many are unfamiliar with it. In the U.S., which is several years ahead of Canada, a 2013 Consumer Survey found that a third of Americans were unfamiliar with retail clinics. But that is changing rapidly, and the same will likely happen in Canada. Based on surveys, a lot of Canadians might be tempted to try a retail clinic if it were affiliated with a patient's local hospital, doctor or nurse practitioner. Have you been to a retail clinic?  If so, what did you like about it?  What didn't you like about it?  Post your comments here - or to whitecoat@cbc.ca.  We'll be working on this story next season on White Coat, Black Art. Brian Goldman is host of White Coat, Black Art on CBC Radio One, and the house doctor on afternoon radio shows across Canada. This item airs on CBC Radio afternoon programs. Dr. Goldman's latest book - The Secret Language of Doctors - is published by HarperCollins Canada Ltd. Full Episode Next Segment Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Search More From CBC Radio As It Happens At least 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Campus Grad student and aspiring architect loses the ability to read and write overnight CBC Books 9 Canadian writers share their writing resolutions for 2017 q Ryan Robbins is a Mennonite pastor with a dangerous secret in CBC's Pure Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Idaho Moscow Shop with a Cop event brings joy to Idaho children MONDAY, DEC. 19, 2016, 12:23 P.M. By Garrett Cabeza Moscow-Pullman Daily News Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS About 15 local law enforcement officers could be seen inside the Moscow Wal-Mart on Saturday morning, and it was not because a huge crime had been reported. Instead, officers pushed shopping carts and helped children select gifts for their family members and themselves as part of the Shop with a Cop event. Cpl. Shane Keen of the Moscow Police Department said 30 children participated and each of them could spend $75 on gifts inside the store. Troy police Chief Richard “Richie” Skiles helped two boys shop for their families. “This is an outstanding program for the kids in the community, and it shows that the officers like to get involved with the people in the community, too, and it brings people together,” said Skiles, who said he will be sworn in as Latah County Sheriff on Jan. 9. Skiles helped Mason Morris, 6, shop for his mother and grandmother. Even though the children were allowed to use part of the $75 gift card for themselves, Morris originally told Skiles he did not think he would buy anything for himself, only for his family members. But Morris eventually decided to treat himself. “I want something that looks good,” Morris told Skiles. So the two walked to the toy department. “I can’t have Legos,” Morris told Skiles. “My dog will swallow them.” Morris ended up picking out a Hot Wheels racetrack for himself. Skiles said it was fun spending time with the children. He said his son is 21. “I don’t have any little ones so this is really cool,” Skiles said. Moscow police Officer Meagan Vincello helped Emmylene Oxstien, 6, shop for her two sisters, mother and grandmother. “Part of the importance is letting part of our community that might not have enough money to have a fun Christmas,” Vincello said. Keen said the city of Moscow received a $2,500 grant from Wal-Mart. It was the first year the MPD participated in the event, and Keen said he plans to do it for many years. “We’ll make it bigger,” Keen said. “This is kind of a trial run for us, getting our feet wet.” Keen said the Latah County Sheriff’s Office, Idaho State Police, and Idaho Fish and Game also helped children select gifts. “We would much rather have positive interactions with the community than negative,” Keen said. “Negative interactions usually end up in hurt feelings, lots of paperwork and people being separated from their families. This is kind of an event to bring families together, bring the community together, and I’d much rather do this all day long than arrest people.” In the back of the store, Wal-Mart employees helped the children and officers wrap the presents they bought. Keen said the Moscow Subway on Third Street donated breakfast sandwiches for the children to enjoy while their gifts were being wrapped. “You have children from all over Latah County coming in so you’re bringing all of them together, but also the businesses within the city of Moscow coming together like that,” Keen said. “That’s kind of what the holidays are all about.” Published: Dec. 19, 2016, 12:23 p.m.  Tags: Children, families, idaho, Moscow, Moscow Police Department, Police, retail, Shopping, Shop with a Cop, Wal-Mart Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io Police/Fire/Courts Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Living Their Faith Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Beemer close to resolving latest child molestation charges 01-06 8:23 pm Rollover on I-95S in North Stonington closes left lane 01-06 8:11 pm Norwich officials meet with potential Reid & Hughes developer and will meet again 01-06 7:31 pm Norwich police cancel Silver Alert for missing teen 01-06 7:26 pm Police: Ledyard man arrested after robbery attempt, struggle 01-06 7:15 pm Judge imposes nine-year sentence in Montville shovel beating 01-06 6:47 pm East Lyme boards to hold joint meeting to review school proposal 01-06 6:43 pm Snowy forecast leads to changes in Saturday's local sports schedule 01-06 6:37 pm 'Hardworking guy' sentenced to prison for sexual assault of teen 01-06 6:32 pm Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, dies at SeaWorld Orlando 01-06 6:25 pm Norwich school officials plan to absorb midyear cuts to state aid 01-06 5:36 pm Norwich officials concerned about residents suddenly cut off from opioid prescriptions 01-06 5:34 pm Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Groton police traced robbery suspect to Michigan via fingerprint Published December 19. 2016 3:02PM | Updated December 19. 2016 7:26PM By Karen Florin  Day staff writer k.florin@theday.com  KFLORIN Groton -- Town Police earlier this month charged a Michigan man with the July 19, 2015, armed robbery of the Wal-Mart on Gold Star Highway, saying Jeremy E. Goodale left behind a fingerprint that identified him as the perpetrator. Goodale, 35, of Battle Creek, was charged Dec. 8 with first-degree robbery and third-degree larceny. He is being held in lieu of a $200,000 bond at the Corrigan-Radgowski Correctional Center. During an appearance Monday in New London Superior Court, Judge Hillary B. Strackbein appointed attorney M. Fred DeCaprio to represent Goodale and continued the case to Jan. 25. DeCaprio entered a not guilty plea on Goodale's behalf. According to an arrest warrant affidavit, a heavyset white man walked into the customer service area at the Wal-Mart and used one of the store's clipboard's to write a note telling the associate he had a gun and to put all the money from the register into a bag. As he handed it to the woman, he told her, "I'm serious. You have three seconds." The employee, scared for her life, said she was unable to open the register. She called over her manager, who looked at the note, opened the register and typed in a code to alert other associates the store was being robbed. She handed the robber a bag containing $6,769, and he fled the store after telling the two women to walk to the bathroom. Witnesses said he drove away in a white sedan. Town police were able to lift from the clipboard an impression from the suspect's right ring finger and enter it into a national database. They learned it belonged to Goodale, who had been charged with two robberies in Michigan and was incarcerated in the Kalamazoo County jail. They learned he had been visiting friends in Groton when the Wal-Mart robbery occurred, and said the friends identified him as the man depicted in surveillance photos from the robbery. Two weeks after the Groton robbery occurred, Goodale allegedly attempted to rob a Battle Creek, Mich., gas station after telling the clerk he had a gun and with carrying out another robbery after he pressed a claw hammer to the back of a store clerk's neck "to simulate a firearm," according to the affidavit. k.florin@theday.com Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Waterford police surround shopper's car, prompt complaint 2 Scott Bates of Stonington named deputy secretary of the state 3 Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV 4 New class of ballistic missile submarines reaches milestone 5 UPDATED: Snowstorm leaves several schools with delayed start 6 Sisters' $8 million bequest to benefit birds, environment 7 Man found dead in Maryland woods had been Coast Guard cadet 8 Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts box spring 9 Sears to sell Craftsman tool brand, close some stores 10 Two promoted at New London Police Department MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 GameDay preview: Ledyard-New London boys basketball 2 New London's Parkers are a coaching family 3 Ledyard's Trevor Hutchins on his 30-point game vs. Waterford 4 Take a test drive at Naskart Indoor Kart Racing in Montville 5 Northeast sees little population growth in 2016 MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Waterford police surround shopper's car, prompt complaint 50 2 New class of ballistic missile submarines reaches milestone 41 3 New London woman who hit 5 parked cars charged with DUI 39 4 Malloy calls for smaller government, labor concessions, school aid changes 24 5 UPDATED: Report says Putin ordered campaign to help Trump 22 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
You must have javascript enabled to use this site. Please click here to learn how to enable javascript. (877) 303-4529 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Contact Us FAQ Whitelist Sitemap Wealth Daily About Editors Videos Archives Reports Resources Contact Us Download your FREE report now: Gold and Silver Mining Stocks What Makes a Company Powerful? Written by Briton Ryle Posted December 19, 2016 at 7:06PM Here's a question for you: Which companies are the most powerful in the world today? I don't necessarily mean "power" in terms of name recognition or the ability to maintain customer loyalty and revenue. Though these are very important things for an investor to consider. Like, Starbucks is clearly a powerful company. The company has a very loyal following. Starbucks can raise prices by 10% and no one bats an eye.  Starbucks has also been incredibly powerful when it comes to customer service. At any given time, the company has three months of revenue on gift cards, ready to be redeemed. It has about the best rewards program of any company. And there's even a "secret" menu of beverages that customers have invented and the baristas can make.  Add in the terrific benefits that Starbucks gives its employees, and you get a company that's essentially woven into our cultural fabric. If you want a Starbucks coffee, well, something from Panera just isn't as good.  It's a little different at Amazon.com. Amazon is singlehandedly killing traditional brick-and-mortar retail. Eighteen months ago, Macy's was a $70 stock. Today it's around $45, the same level it was back in 2012. And it's because of Amazon. Amazon has even been smart enough to entrench itself in a business that's far more stable than retail. Amazon Web Services (AWS) is literally part of the backbone of the Internet.  Yeah, to be so good at your business that you force others to change the way they do business is powerful. But does anyone really like Amazon in the way that people like Starbucks? I mean, we use the site for convenience, savings, and efficiency. A lot like we use Wal-Mart. I bet we'd shed exactly zero tears if Amazon or Wal-Mart started to fail. In fact, we might even be secretly cheering for it.  Fight for Your "Right?" There's power like what the United Fruit Company wielded back in the 1950s. When its banana monopoly was threatened by a Guatemalan revolution, first Truman and then Eisenhower authorized coups against Guatemala's President Arbenz. Any companies we can think of today that might be able to rally U.S. government policy and/or action to protect them?  I guess Big Oil still has the most influence over government policy these days. I mean, when you get the CEO of ExxonMobil as your Secretary of State, well... Because the global economy is still based on oil. And so, you can definitely say that oil is a national security issue. But even then, the balance of power has shifted somewhat in just the last five years, because of the emergence of the U.S. shale oil industry. Saudi Arabia recognized the threat to its power. A primary reason that they boosted production and crushed prices was to drive U.S. oil companies out of business. It didn't work out as planned... Turns out Saudi Arabia is much more sensitive to oil prices than the U.S. Sure, 60-some U.S. oil companies declared bankruptcy, but it's true that whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger: U.S. oil companies cut costs and got more efficient, thereby dropping the cost of a barrel of shale oil into the $30s. Permian Basin oil is even cheaper.  Still, oil is a finite asset. And renewables are taking a bite, too. We may have already seen the peak for global oil demand. Big Oil will remain influential, for sure. But at the same time, the end game for oil has already begun. I may not live to see it, but my kids will see oil become a geopolitical non-factor.  We could probably put pharmaceutical companies in the same boat as Big Oil, at least in regard to their ability to push government policy. Pharmaceutical company lobbyists are the ones who have pushed Congress to pass the laws that give them far-reaching patent protection as well as carte blanche to charge whatever they want for drugs here in the U.S.  When running for president, Hillary Clinton said she wanted to change this. President-elect Donald Trump has said the same thing. Or actually, they both "tweeted" it... hmmm... The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Stay on top of the hottest investment ideas before they hit Wall Street. Sign up for the Wealth Daily newsletter below. You'll also get our free report, "Five Techincal Analysis Tools for Investors." We never spam! View our Privacy Policy Social Media Power The tech sector wields power in a somewhat unique way. Tech drives innovation, and it often hits on business practices before anyone really figures out what's going on. Like when Microsoft started licensing the Windows operating system. At the time, most people were focused on computers themselves. They were the cool new gadget. But Microsoft saw that what was really important was how easy the machine was to use and whether documents printed on one machine could be understood by another. And so, before anyone could even think about compatibility standards, Windows and Word became ubiquitous, and Bill Gates became the richest man in the world.  Look at the world's biggest company right now, Apple. There was a time, before Steve Jobs died, that Apple actually was revolutionary. The first iPhones were actually cool. I would argue they are not really cool anymore. iPhones are not the most innovative, advanced phone on the market, not by a long shot. Apple took power by being cool and innovative, and it's maintained power by simply being smart with its supply chain management, carrier deals, and upgrade cycles. In other words, Apple executes very, very well.  But just ask Nokia or Blackberry or even Samsung after its Note phone started bursting into flames — one executional slip-up, and that power is gone. My colleague Jason Stutman has some thoughts about exactly how Apple loses... Tech has also recently given us powerful companies in the social media space. Take Facebook (NASDAQ: FB). It has 1.2 billion people that log in every single day. That is an amazing number. No single business has ever had that kind of reach. I used to be one of those users. But I don't like Facebook much anymore. It feels like a fad to me. Plus, I've been converted by the usefulness of Twitter (NYSE: TWTR)... My man Jason Stutman doesn't think much of Twitter as a company. And he's right — management has done a terrible job of promoting and monetizing the platform. But to me, that spells opportunity.  Where does news break these days? Twitter. CNN has to go to Twitter to find out what's really going on. Our next president is going to use Twitter a lot. Twitter helped Trump win the election. One tweet from Trump about the costs for the F-35 fighter knocked $2 billion off of Lockheed Martin stock. One tweet = $2 billion. That's power. And with a market cap of just $13 billion, it's cheap power. I think Twitter could be the first buyout of 2017. Until next time, Briton Ryle @BritonRyle on Twitter An 18-year veteran of the newsletter business, Briton Ryle is the editor of The Wealth Advisory income stock newsletter, with a focus on top-quality dividend growth stocks and REITs. Briton also manages the Real Income Trader advisory service, where his readers take regular cash payouts using a low-risk covered call option strategy. He also contributes a weekly column to the Wealth Daily e-letter. To learn more about Briton, click here. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Sign up to receive the Wealth Daily newsletter - it's absolutely free! In each issue, you'll get our best investment research, designed to help you build a lifetime of wealth, minus the risk. Plus, by signing up, you'll instantly receive our new report: Surviving the Coming Economic Collapse. Subscribe Related Articles Three Reasons Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) is a Screaming Buy Buybacks, bots, and brick and mortar: Amazon takes its recent stock sell-off in stride. Is It Too Late to Buy Oil Stocks? Well, well. It looks like the brain trust at OPEC may have finally hammered out an arrangement to lower its price-crushing oil production levels. All I can say is: it's about time. The World's Meanest Company If you're in business and competing with Amazon, well, good luck. If you're an investor, Amazon's "win at all costs" attitude should make you very happy. Comments Buffett's Envy: 50% Annual Returns, Guaranteed Warren Buffett once told investors at an annual shareholder meeting, "...it's a huge structural advantage not to have a lot of money. I think I could make you 50% a year on $1 million. No, I know I could. I guarantee that." Buffett later went on to talk about one incredible advantage that average, smaller investors have over Berkshire. Point blank, The "Oracle of Omaha" envies people like you because you can invest in small cap stocks and he can't. Join our community of over 400,000 readers at Wealth Daily today for FREE, and get started with three of our top small-cap tech stock picks – the kinds of high-return investments Warren Buffet now can only dream of making. Subscribe Learn about Wealth Daily and our Privacy Policy Top Rated 1 Yukon Gold 2.0 2 Life Isn't Fair... And Nothing Proves... 3 Can Trump Fix the U.S.? 4 The Donald Trump Wealth Creation... 5 Forget #1, Try #6 Trending Articles 1 Investing in the Emblem Cannabis IPO 2 Emblem Cannabis to be Biggest... 3 Emblem Cannabis Corp. is Ready for IPO 4 The Most Profitable Cannabis... 5 Why Mark Zuckerberg is NOT the Next... Wealth Daily About Us Editors Videos Archives Reports Investment Resources Contact Us Copyright and Fair Use Contact Us Wealth Daily 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Tel: (877) 303-4529 Fax: (410) 814-5959 Search About We've assembled some of the best investment minds the market has to offer. All are experts in various fields. And our record is second to none. The flagship e-Letter of Angel Publishing, Wealth Daily brings you these market insights and commentaries every day directly to your email inbox. Our editors have over a combined 75 years in the investment research sector. © 2017 Wealth Daily. All rights reserved. Report: How to Make Your Fortune in Stocks The REAL secret to consistent, reliable stock market profits is simple: own top quality dividend stocks! We'll show you how to get consistent and reliable income from dividend stocks. Send My FREE Report Now Subscribe
Sign in Join Consumer Warnings Sales & Deals Consumer Tips Tech Entertainment More Home & Family Travel Cars & Bikes Stores Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email FREE: Join NFS & Get Discounts At Local StoresFREE: Join NFS & Save At Local Stores 2016 Christmas Sales & Store Hours: Target, Macy’s & Walmart By Tracy Ortiz - December 18, 2016 Christmas is less than a week away, and with all the great sales going on there’s still time to get some amazing deals as you finish your holiday shopping. Major retailers Target, Macy’s and Walmart are offering deep discounts, extended store hours (including Christmas Eve) and last-minute shipping options to make sure everyone has a gift under the tree. Below, you’ll find information for each store, along with links to their websites, so you can find exactly what you need. Merry Christmas! Target Their sale is available online and in-stores, with discounts on almost everything, now through Christmas Eve. Store Hours: Open 8 A.M.- midnight now through Christmas Eve. Open Christmas Eve: 9 A.M.-11 P.M. Order by 4 P.M. EST on Wednesday, December 21 for guaranteed delivery by Friday, December 23 using standard shipping. Their featured sales items include: •Top Deals: 30% off holiday decor; PlayStation 4 500GB slim console Uncharted bundle: $249.99 (save $50); Xbox One S 500GB console with Minecraft digital download: $249.99 (save $50);  Star Wars sale featuring exclusive merchandise, like Force 4 Fashion tees: $10 and Pop vinyl figures: $8.99, and more. •Toys: 20% off Lego City, Minecraft, Duplo, Ninjago and Elves toys; 20% off all Mega Bloks pre-school toys; Love2Learn Elmo: $34.99 (save $25); 20% off RC toys; ONLY @ Target: Hot Wheels Speed Chargers Circuit Speedway trackset: $49.99 (save $10); 20% Little Live Pets Tweet talking bird; Franklin Quikset multi-game 4-in-1 convertible table: $99.99 (save $50), and more •TV’s: VIZIO 39″ Class 720p 60 Hz Full-Array LED TV: $209.99 (save $25); Westinghouse 50″ Smart UHD 4K 60Hz TV: $349.99 (save $50); VIZIO D-Series 65″ Class UHD 120Hz Full Array LED Smart TV: $849.99 (save $50) and more. •Electronics: GoPro HERO5: $399; DJI Phantom 3 Standard with 2.7K Camera and 3-Axis Gimbal: $399.99 (save $100); Beats EP on-ear Headphones: $99.99 (save $30); Beats Powerbeats2 wireless Active Collection earphones: $129.99 (save $70) and more. •Apple: $70 off the Apple watch; iPad mini 2: starting at $199 (save $70); iPad Air® 2: $299.99 (save $100) and more. •Clothing/Shoes: 50% off pajamas for the whole family; 30% off all women’s sweaters; 30% off boots for the family; men’s Fruit of the Loom tees: $5; kid’s Cat & Jack hoodies: $10; kid’s character tees: $6 and more. Macy’s Their sale is available online and in-stores, now through Christmas Eve, with store-wide discounts on everything, from electronics to clothing. Store Hours:  Open 24 hours on Thursday, December, 22 and Friday, December 23; Open Christmas Eve until 6 P.M. Their featured sales items include: •Free shipping at $49; get an extra 20%, 15% OR 10% Off with promo code GIVE; Sunday ONLY– Online: $25 off purchases of $100 or more with code SAVE25. •Top Deals: 25%-60% off tech gifts; 25% off Nike apparel for the family; 40%-60% + extra savings on fine jewelry; $10 off all denim (now through January 31); free shipping on all beauty products. •Clothing/Shoes: 40%-50% off men’s and women’s coats; 50%-60% off+ extra savings on men’s and women’s sweaters; 40% off + extra savings on women’s boots and handbags; select women’s bras: buy 2, get 1 free + an extra 20% off. •Home: 50% off + extra savings on all throw blankets; 30% off + and extra 25% off Nespresso brewers; furniture sale (mattresses, beds and more): lowest prices of the season (now through January 31). •Christmas: 15% off holiday ornaments, decorations and more. Walmart Their sale is available online and in-stores, now through Christmas Eve, with discounts in every category and rollbacks on many items. Store Hours: Open 24-hours until Christmas Eve. Pharmacy: Monday-Friday: 9 A.M.-9 P.M., Saturday: 9 A.M.-7 P.M., Sunday 10 A.M.-6 P.M. Open Christmas Eve until 8 P.M. Order by December 19 for Christmas delivery using standard shipping; Get unlimited, free 2-day shipping via Walmart ShippingPass’ free 30-day trial. Their featured sales items include: •Top Deals: Playstation 4 Slim 500GB Uncharted 4 bundle: $229.96 (save $70); Walmart Exclusive* Star Wars Smart R2-D2: $88 (save $11); •Toys: Paw Patrol Zoomer Marshall: $59 (save $10); K’Nex 521 piece value tub: $12.98 (Rollback, save $7); Lego Star Wars Millenium Falcon set: $119 (save $30); Barbie Fashionista dolls: $7.94; Barbie Dreamhouse: $149 (save $30); Marvel Spider Man Web City showdown playset: $19.99 (save $20);Disney Minnie Mouse 6 ride-on: $59.87 and more. •TV’s: Vizio 55″ 1080p LED HDTV: $378 (save $120); JVC 55″ 4K Ultra LED LCD HDTV: $349.99 (save $100); Vizio 40″ 1080p LED Smart TV: $278 (Rollback, save $50) and more. •Laptops/Tablets: HP 15.6″ Intel core i3 laptop: $339 (Rollback – pick up in-store only); Lenove Thinkpad 11.6″: $149 (save $80); Apple iPad Touch 16GB: $195-$225 and more. •Electronics: Fitbit Charge 2 Activity tracker: $129.95 (save $20); Beats by Dr. Dre Wireless Studio 2.0 Over-the-Ear Headphones: $299 (save $80);GoPro HD waterproof action camera camcorder: $309.95 (save $30); Beats EP on-ear headphones: $99-$142.95 (Rollback) and more. What do you think of these final 2016 Christmas sales? Tell us what deals you like below, and be sure to  follow all my latest consumer news reports on Twitter! It's Nice To Share!                                             - To link to this page, copy & paste - 2016 Christmas Sales & Store Hours: Target, Macy’s & Walmart Or use the shortURL: http://n4s.us/53519 Tracy Ortiz I am a mom to 2 little boys: a 3 year- old and 2 year-old and they are the only things I love more than writing. I am an avid reader, a big sports fan and love a good deal. Most of all, I love keeping up on the latest consumer news and sharing my findings with all of you. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 2017 New Year’s Sales & Store Hours: Target, Walmart, Macy’s Christmas 2016 – What To Watch – Holiday Movies, NBA Games & More Boston Market Open Christmas Eve/Day 2016: Eat-In, Cater, To-Go & More News For Shoppers News For Shoppers is your free source for unbiased shopping and entertainment news. Our Promise To You • Helpful, Reliable, Honest, Consumer Intel • No 'Sponsored' Stories • No Commission/Affiliate Links • No Pop-Up or Content Blocking Ads • No Paywalls or Survey Blocks Writers Wanted! We're looking for internet savvy consumer and product experts! › Learn More! Log In LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password › NFS Home › About NFS! › NFS Journalists › Write At NFS! › Contact NFS › NFS On YouTube! NFS Perks & Discounts Latest News MyPillow’s BBB Accreditation Revoked, Rating Changed To F Jason Bourne & The Secret Life Of Pets – Now At Redbox Chili’s Reward Points Are Gone Earlier Than Promised 2017 New Year’s Sales & Store Hours: Target, Walmart, Macy’s Popular Now Is DealDash Legit Or A Scam? The Devil Is In The Details! Update: Jet.com Review – Cheaper Than Amazon Prime,… Amazon Prime VS Boxed.com: Which One Saves You More? 4th Gen Apple TV Remote Not Working? Here’s A Quick… NFS Consumer Forum Merry Christmas All! Free Papa John's Pizza deal with purchase of gift card NFS Update: Happy Thanksgiving! Kids Eat Free at Arirang Hurricane Matthew Flooding – Have any recovery tips? Chili's Fathers/Daughters night with free kids meal is Sept 27 50% off at Outback, Carrabba's, Bonefish Grill or Flemings on every 4th visit Up To 50% Off Halloween & Fall Decor From Michaels Free pie at Village Inn on Wendesdays This Monday – free Bloomin' Onion at Outback with any purchase @ Target: Spend $50 on groceries & get a $10 gift card during Labor Day weekend Pet Parents Q&A Papa Johns Promo Code for $10 Specialty PIzza $5 off at Outback thru 8/21/2016 Stupid easy plunge-free, product-free, fix for stopped up/slow draining toilets Opinions & statements made by authors on NFS are entirely their own. Please see our complete Terms & Conditions of Use © Copyright 2010 - 2017 NewsForShoppers.com N A
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Apartments sell; Foosackly's expanding Print Email Kathy Jumper By Kathy Jumper AL.com Email the author on December 18, 2016 at 8:57 AM, updated December 18, 2016 at 8:58 AM comments A local investor paid $2.165 million for the 34-unit Spanish Fort Apartments off Ala. 225 in Spanish Fort, according to Nathan Cox of Bellator Real Estate & Development, who represented the sellers. The complex is fully leased. The owner of Foosackly's paid $910,000 for 1.8 acres in Rangeline Crossing off Rangeline Road across from the Walmart Supercenter near Interstate 10 in Mobile, according to court records. The owner plans to build a restaurant and also develop a separate 6,000-square-foot retail center on the site, according to Charlie Christmas of Christmas Properties, who represented the chicken restaurant chain. Vallas Realty represented the sellers. Rangeline Crossing, a 84-acre site near the Tillman's Corner area, was also selected as the site for a new 60,000-square-foot outpatient facility for the Veterans Administration to be built on 12 acres at the northeast corner of Interstate 10 and Rangeline Road, according to Vallas Realty. The The Department of Veterans Affairs Gulf Coast Veterans Health Care System announced the project earlier this year. Direct Furniture Outlet has leased 15,233 square feet of retail space at Spanish Fort Town Center located at 30000 Town Center Ave., in Spanish Fort, according to Angie McArthur and Jeff Barnes, CCIM, of Stirling Properties, who represented the property owner. Buff Teague of JLL worked for the furniture store which is scheduled to open in early 2017. Cycle Gear has leased 4,000 square feet of retail space at 1446 West I-65 Service Road in Mobile and plans to open next month, according to Angie McArthur of Stirling Properties, who represented the property owner. Robert Cook of Vallas Realty worked for the tenant. This will mark the national motorcycle-gear chain's third store in Alabama. Rhodes Mechanical has leased a 3,500-square-foot office warehouse at 6255 Rangeline Road in Mobile, according to Lewis H. Golden of Hamilton & Company. The company plans to relocate from Daphne. A local investor paid $45,000 for the commercial property at 9757 U.S. 43 in Creola and plans to use the free-standing building for auto sales business, according to Lewis H. Golden of Hamilton & Company. Local developers are seeking site plan approval to develop 27 single-family lots in Craft Farms North phase 6 off Baldwin County 8 in Gulf Shores, according to city records. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
null
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 7° 7° Low 4° High 16° Sat -2° 14° Sun -3° 14° Mon 14° 34° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Secret Santa pays off nearly $5K in layaways at Wal-Mart in Ohio Posted 1:01 pm, December 18, 2016, by Associated Press Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest File Walmart photo × Secret Santa pays off nearly $5K in layaways at Wal-Mart in Ohio File Walmart photo MIDDLETOWN, Ohio — A Secret Santa has paid off nearly $5,000 in shoppers’ layaways at a southwest Ohio Wal-Mart store. Store manager Darren Dooley tells the Hamilton-Middletown Journal-News the anonymous Santa paid off layaway items at a Wal-Mart store in Middletown last week. He did the same thing last year as well. Dooley says he knows the person’s identity, but that he doesn’t want it revealed. Dooley says layaways have also been paid at other Wal-Mart stores in the region. Ceceli Abernathy was told the Secret Santa had paid off her $50 deficit for toys she purchased for her daughter at a Wal-Mart in Dayton. The Kettering woman called it a beautiful gesture. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Sears sells Craftsman brand to Stanley Black & Decker in deal worth $900 million Full list of 150 Kmart and Sears stores to close by spring; 3 closing in Indiana Colts’ uncertainty includes pending free agents Young boys at center of Amber Alert found safe; police continue search for father Latest News Temperatures go sub-zero Saturday Suspects sought after attempted pharmacy robbery at The Pyramids on northwest side Beijing advises umbrellas to shield against its gross snow Hustler Hollywood sues Indianapolis after officials block Castleton store National & World News Here’s when Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Target, other major stores will open on Black Friday National & World News Viral ‘Secret Santa’ pays off all overdue lunch balances at Pennsylvania school Crime News Alleged panty thief arrested, accused of 6-month crime spree News Viral Bill Gates was her secret Santa, and it was as awesome as you’d think National & World News Clown costume sales up 300% in wake of creepy clown headlines News Thieves steal medications, thousands of dollars from Henry County teacher with cancer News Santa’s on his way: Watch as NORAD tracks him delivering presents around the world News Man who tried to take baby from cart: ‘I was just trying to take you while your mom wasn’t looking’ National & World News Viral Military mom pulls off touching surprise for son after year overseas National & World News Viral Woman discovers ‘You’ve Got Mail’ guy is her Uber driver News Trump rushed off stage at campaign rally; protester says he was roughed up News One person critical in north side shooting National & World News Stranger’s kindness leaves Iowa mother in tears after she forgets wallet at grocery store Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 59° 59° Low 52° High 66° Sat 54° 65° Sun 57° 72° Mon 51° 64° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Man Found Stabbed to Death Outside of Wal-Mart in Santa Ana: Police Posted 12:22 PM, December 18, 2016, by Nisha Gutierrez-Jaime Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email A man was found stabbed to death in the back of the Wal-Mart in Santa Ana early Sunday, police reported. At about 2:45 a.m., officers responded to the rear of the Wal-Mart located at 3600 West McFadden Avenue for the report of stabbing victim, according to a Santa Ana Police Department news release. The victim, who has not been identified, was between the ages of 20 and 30, and Asian or Hispanic, police said. He was possibly a transient, and suffered multiple stab wounds. The victim was taken to a local hospital where he underwent emergency surgery, but later died from his injuries. 33.737337 -117.915233 Filed in: Local News Topics: santa ana, santa ana police department, Wal-Mart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Watch KTLA 5 News Every newscast plus replays streamed online Popular Fort Lauderdale Airport Closed After Mass Shooting Leaves 5 Dead, 8 Injured; Suspected Gunman in Custody NoHo Woman Who Went Missing With Boyfriend Confirmed to Be Dead Near Car Wreckage in Big Sur Area Watch Replay: The 128th Rose Parade Presented by Honda Dog Named ‘Scarface’ Mauls Florida Owners After They Try to Put Sweater on Him Latest News Police Arrest Oxnard Man Wanted in Connection With Fatal Shooting of His Wife Dallas Woman Sues Uber, Honda for Crash That Allegedly Left Her Paralyzed Investigators Locate Remains of Newborn Baby Buried by Homeless Mother in Riverside Field: Police Search Resumes for Missing L.A. Man After Wrecked Car and Girlfriend’s Body Found off PCH Local News ‘Person of Interest’ Sought in Fatal Stabbing Outside Santa Ana Wal-Mart: Police Local News Santa Ana Police Pursue Suspected Stolen Vehicle Local News Man Who Attempted to Sexually Assault Woman After Exposing Himself Sought by Santa Ana Police Local News Man Killed in Santa Ana Hit-and-Run Crash: Police Seek Public’s Help Finding Driver Local News Police Investigate Santa Ana Woman’s Death as Homicide Local News 56-Year-Old Man Accused of Spray Painting Gang Graffiti, Arrested: Santa Ana Police Local News Authorities Seek Help Identifying Man Who Allegedly Robbed Santa Ana Gas Station Store Local News Police Have ID’d Suspect Accused of Robbing 73-Year-Old Woman in Santa Ana CVS Parking Lot Local News Man Shot, Killed During Altercation With Officers in Santa Ana Local News Photo of Suspect Released in Gruesome Costa Mesa Killing; Victim ID’d Nation/World Dancing Officer Helps Raise Money for Salvation Army Outside Tennessee Wal-Mart Local News 2 Men Arrested in Connection With 1999 Kidnapping and Rape of 11-Year-Old Girl in Santa Ana; Cold Case Cracked by DNA Evidence Nation/World Good Samaritan Fatally Shot in Texas Wal-Mart Parking Lot After Trying to Stop Domestic Assault: Police Chief Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-06 Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Florida Mother Turns 15-Year-Old Son In For Burglary, Now He’s Facing Four Charges Crime 3 0 0 December 18, 2016 Florida Mother Turns 15-Year-Old Son In For Burglary, Now He’s Facing Four Charges Angelica N. Sumter A mother, Lakesha Robinson, 37, in Fort Myers, Florida, has reportedly turned her 15-year-old son into police after learning he, amongst other teens, were involved in a burglary. Now he is facing four charges, according to the NBC-2 News. When Robinson was at her son’s, Chris Salters, school Tuesday for a parent-teacher conference, she noticed his attention was on a cell phone that she didn’t recognize. “He doesn’t have a phone because his phone broke,” she said. “There’s no reason for him to have this phone. I said, ‘what are you doing with this phone? Whose phone is this?'” Salters told his mother that the cell phone was given to him by a friend, but she wasn’t buying his story; therefore, she conducted her own investigation and uncovered that the real owner of the phone was an unidentified man located in Gateway – a gated community in Fort Myers. The man told the mother-of-three, who works overnight at a Wawa store, that his car was broken into and his cellphone, wallet, and credit cards had been stolen. He went on to say that his credit cards had been used at McDonald’s, Wawa, and Walmart. “I said, ‘I know my son never broke into any vehicle. He was home at 9:30 p.m. going to sleep when I was going to work,’ but I said, ‘call the police, and do whatever you have to do. If my son is involved, or anybody else, they’re going to jail because he shouldn’t be out there doing this,” Robinson said. “Since my son had the phone, it’s obvious that he know something about it,” she admitted. But when she asked her son about the burglary, he denied it – that’s when she continued her investigation. A McDonald’s bag, a Walmart bag, and a receipt were found inside her home and she called the cell phone owner to see if the amounts matched his statements. When he told her yes, Robinson told reporters that she broke down. Robinson stated that she met the man in Lehigh Acres to return his property. Afterward, the Florida mother didn’t hesitate to turn her son in for burglary because of her own criminal background. Robinson doesn’t want her son to make the same mistakes she did before changing her life in 2007. Robinson had been arrested multiple times for reportedly selling drugs, criminal mischief, and petty theft. “I lived this life and I don’t want him to live this life. I’m not losing my son to the system or to the streets. My son isn’t going to be a statistic,” said Robinson. “If I had to do this so he does better, it’s how I’m going to do it. I’m just not allowing my son to take that path. “I’m going to stop it ahead of time. This could’ve ended way differently. Someone could’ve caught him, shot him and asked questions later.” “They don’t know what I went through and they don’t know my story. I’m actually saving my son’s life because if I don’t do it now, nobody will do it,” she added. Salters was arrested and taken to a juvenile detention center for 12 hours and charged with four counts of burglary. The other teens involved in the case – Alvero Jackson and Lovens Sylfroid, both 18, – were arrested on eight charges. The Daily Mail reported that Jackson and Sylfroid remain at the Lee County Jail. Several social media users commended the mother, including Florence Sorenson. “I admire you for doing the right thing. I wish all parents were like you, we would not have our courts and jails filled up with young kids. He will thank you some day for what you did.” After the teen was released, reporters asked him about the alleged crime. “I don’t want to see my mom cry. I apologize for stealing.” Salters is set to make his first court appearance January 3, 2017. [Featured Image By Oneword/iStock] Now Watch This: White Supremacist Dylann Roof’s Fate In Jurors Hands Now Read This: Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Angelica N. Sumter Tags: burglary, mother, phone, Son January 6, 2017 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 January 6, 2017 Los Angeles Lakers Trade Rumors: Don’t Expect Big Moves Before NBA Trade Deadline, Says GM Kupchak Comments LATEST HEADLINES Plus-Size Model Ashley Graham Shares Revealing Bikini Pics From Tropical Vacation Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro ‘Criminal Minds’ New Hires: How Many Actors Does It Take To Replace Thomas Gibson And Shemar Moore? ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Can Be Played Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.6k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 14 0 0 Katelyn Nichole Davis Suicide: 12-Year-Old Allegedly Hanged Herself, Live-Streamed Suicide On Facebook Live 1.8k 0 0 Recent Videos Crime Turkey Bomb Blast Caught On CCTV Crime Rival Gangs Spark Deadliest Prison Riot In Brazil Crime Poker Professional Ordered To Return Millions To Casino Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
2017.1.7 토 로그인 회원가입 페이스북 트위터 인스타그램 구글+ 기사제보 독자투고 광고신청 구독신청 기사검색 + 울산 양산 김기현 전체 뉴스Now 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 독자 기고 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 울산의 창 기타 정치 종합 지방의회 국회/정당 행정/외교 북한/통일 청와대 선거 기타 경제 기업 경제단체 금융/증권 유통 건설/부동산 해운/항만 농축수산업 중소기업 기타 사회 노동 환경/생태 교육 자치단체 검찰/법조 사건/사고 사회단체 기타 문화 공연 전시 축제/행사 향토문화사 문화재 문학/출판 종교 음악에세이 영남알프스 속살이야기 울산 방송가 연재 기타 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속 풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 사람과삶 사람과삶 외신 연예 방송 연예가 영화 음악 기타 스포츠 축구 야구 농구 골프 울산체육 기타 지방 부산 양산 기타 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 기타 생활정보 날씨 행사 경제지표 오늘운세 로또 건강생활Q&A 경매 생활법률 회화-중국어 회화-영어 고용/노동 Q&A 증권 정보과학 기타 열린마당 본사알림 알림 부음 결혼 인사 모집 독자권익위원회 청소년기자 뉴스 뉴스NOW 정치 경제 사회 문화 사람과삶 외신 연예 스포츠 지방 ‘정신없는’ 조현병 환자, 위험할까 약자일까 경찰 ‘응급입원제도’ 도입 불구 환자 폭력엔 속수무책 개혁보수신당 창당발기인대회…강길부 임시의장 진행 ‘깨끗하고 따뜻한 보수’ 취지문 채택 민노총 ‘전국택배연대노조’ 8일 출범 화물연대 내 분회 이미 존재…조직간 갈등 비화 조짐 사업비 360억 누락… “KTX역세권 등과 맞물려 조속 추진을” 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 독자기고 울산의창 [경제칼럼] 선택적(選擇的) 지각(知覺)을 금(禁)하라 [사는이야기 칼럼] 4차 산업 혁명과 인성교육 [반구대 칼럼] ‘판도라’ [사는이야기 칼럼] 4차 산업 혁명과 인성교육 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 드론 시연 관람하는 정의선 현대차 부회장 정의선 현대차 부회장, CES 첫날 40개 전시장 돌며 '열공' 조원태 대한항공 사장 'CES 2017' 삼성전자 전시관 방문한 샤킬 오닐 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 역사·문화·산업·생태 총망라…요우커, 울산으로 눈 돌린다 ‘해오름시대 문화유산 탐방’ 14. 울산 울주 대곡천 반구대암각화·천전리각석 인류 최초의 고래잡이 흔적… 7,000년 전 울산 선사인들의 생활 터전 [2017 신년특집] 울산의 하늘 길을 지켜라 도심 ‘복합문화공간’으로 탈바꿈해야…새로운 도약 [2017 신년특집] 울산관광, 골목에서 이야기를 찾다 1. 울산의 중심, 추억이 된 찬란한 과거의 영광 - 중구 원도심 영상 신문보기 상단여백 뉴스NOW PREV NEXT 아이 셋 유기 20대母 징역 1년6개월…"천륜 어긴 중범죄 엄벌"새누리 '친박청산' 회의 무산에 '靑 배후설' 논란 헌재, 경찰에 '잠적' 이재만·안봉근 소재파악 요청부산 日영사관 소녀상 주변 현수막 4개 훼손…경찰 수사 정유라 "한국 안가겠다"…송환 거부 법정투쟁 '작심'특검, 박근혜·이재용 거래단서 포착…삼성수뇌부 소환 초읽기 '해넘긴 임단협 설 전 타결'…현대重 노사, 공감했지만 '글쎄'헬멧, 비상배낭에 '상상지진'까지…식지않는 지진 공포 천일 동안 켜켜이 새긴 눈물…진실 인양 날갯짓"박근혜 들러리 선 靑 기자단, 국민 앞에 사죄해야" 국민의당, PK서 당권레이스 개막…"위기의 黨 구하겠다" 득표전속속 드러나는 정유라의 '거짓말 시리즈' "특검 개애식기!" 법원공무원, 촛불집회엔 "종북" 비난'가습기살균제 책임' 신현우 1심 징역 7년…존 리 무죄 울산시, 작년 세무조사로 101억3천만원 추징천호식품 김영식 회장 사퇴…가짜홍삼 유통 물의 책임 태국 태氏, 대마도 윤氏…외국인 새 가문 한해 7천개 탄생 영남권: 바다에 풍덩∼ 북극곰 수영축제…버킷 챌린지 "좋아요" 우체국쇼핑, 팔도특산물 최대 30% 할인'삼성합병 찬성' 국민연금, 원래 반대할 뻔…복지부 '왜곡' 열기/닫기 닫기 뉴스NOW 아이 셋 유기 20대母 징역 1년6개월…"천륜 어긴 중범죄 엄벌" 방금 새누리 '친박청산' 회의 무산에 '靑 배후설' 논란 방금 헌재, 경찰에 '잠적' 이재만·안봉근 소재파악 요청 32분 전 부산 日영사관 소녀상 주변 현수막 4개 훼손…경찰 수사 1시간 전 정유라 "한국 안가겠다"…송환 거부 법정투쟁 '작심' 1시간 전 특검, 박근혜·이재용 거래단서 포착…삼성수뇌부 소환 초읽기 1시간 전 '해넘긴 임단협 설 전 타결'…현대重 노사, 공감했지만 '글쎄' 1시간 전 헬멧, 비상배낭에 '상상지진'까지…식지않는 지진 공포 1시간 전 천일 동안 켜켜이 새긴 눈물…진실 인양 날갯짓 1시간 전 "박근혜 들러리 선 靑 기자단, 국민 앞에 사죄해야" 17시간 전 국민의당, PK서 당권레이스 개막…"위기의 黨 구하겠다" 득표전 18시간 전 속속 드러나는 정유라의 '거짓말 시리즈' 21시간 전 "특검 개애식기!" 법원공무원, 촛불집회엔 "종북" 비난 21시간 전 '가습기살균제 책임' 신현우 1심 징역 7년…존 리 무죄 21시간 전 울산시, 작년 세무조사로 101억3천만원 추징 22시간 전 천호식품 김영식 회장 사퇴…가짜홍삼 유통 물의 책임 22시간 전 태국 태氏, 대마도 윤氏…외국인 새 가문 한해 7천개 탄생 22시간 전 영남권: 바다에 풍덩∼ 북극곰 수영축제…버킷 챌린지 "좋아요" 22시간 전 우체국쇼핑, 팔도특산물 최대 30% 할인 22시간 전 '삼성합병 찬성' 국민연금, 원래 반대할 뻔…복지부 '왜곡' 23시간 전 상단여백 다음 이전 Home 외신 [Video] The giant holiday popcorn tin has invaded your life once again 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 메일 프린트 HOME 외신 [Video] The giant holiday popcorn tin has invaded your life once again Online 워싱턴포스트 승인 2016.12.19 09:50 댓글 0 인쇄하기 메일보내기 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 블로그 구글+ The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin sends a message, which is, "I was thinking of you, but not until I was already in the checkout aisle of Big Lots." The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin sends a message, which is, "I was thinking of you, but not until I was already in the checkout aisle of Big Lots." It says, "Once again, I have drawn the Secret Santa name of a co-worker I do not know." It says, "I'm a single 23-year-old man who has been invited to a potluck and does not own baking tins." It says, "I may go to a party, in which case this is my hostess gift, or I may skip the party, in which case I will eat the popcorn, alone, while watching 'The Holiday' starring Cameron Diaz." The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin is resigned to its lot in life, just as you are, with a blend of fat, salt, anxiety and coma, and that is what makes it the perfect gift of 2016. It is the only unifying force that can bring together America today. Let us buy one. The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin is sitting - part a massive wall of festive $5 multi-gallon tubs - at the entrance of your local Walmart. Or Costco. Or Staples, always Staples, the office-supply overlords having realized that in the middle of December, people don't feel the need for three-ring binders, they feel the need for popcorn in faux cheddar, butter and caramel varieties. These customers feel the need to put the popcorn next to the office microwave with a handwritten note: "Take some!" Watch, as someone from Chicago insists that in Chicago, everyone eats the popcorn by mixing the flavors. Watch, as someone else not from Chicago sneaks back and fastidiously separates the flavors back into their original partitions, kernel by kernel. "I have an aunt who always gives the tins to me," says Nathan Britten, who works in the insurance industry in Oklahoma City. "So I this year I re-gifted it to my office. I put it in the break room and figured somebody would eat it. Everyone ate it. This tin was special - it had caramel, cheese and kettle instead of butter. My power ranking is the caramel corn first, followed by cheese and then the kettle. I have no idea where my aunt gets these. Or where they come from. Man, where do they come from?" Let us discover where they come from, by flipping over a giant tri-flavor tin and reading the label on the bottom: The popcorn comes from North Prairie, Wisconsin, home of Gourmet Gift Concepts, which sells 4.5 million tins each holiday season. The rest of the year they sell the popcorn in vending machines, along with pretzels, cheese curls and Zesty Ranch Corn Chips. But their raison d'être is giant tri-flavor popcorn tins. On a recent afternoon, the CEO of Gourmet Gift Concepts, a man named Tim Fromm, was reached on his cellphone: "If you lined up all of our holiday popcorn tins that we produced in 2016," Fromm says, "you could start at the White House and end at Fenway Park in Boston." Fromm has been in the popcorn business for the better part of two decades, and he knows what sells. "Lab puppies on a tin are always going to be your number-one seller. A snowman might come second. And Santa - unfortunately for Santa, he's always last." (Fromm thinks Santa is too denominational.) "Some customers tell us the best part of a Gourmet Select tin is the delicious popcorn, others tell us it's the usage of the tin as storage," says Gourmet Gift Concept's website. "See below for just a few of its many after-uses." Some of the after-uses and their potential contents include: Waste Basket. Jewelry. Golf Balls. Pens. Shoes. Pet Food Storage. "I was in the Kmart on 34th Street, looking for sweaters to wear to an ugly-Christmas-sweater party," says Joanne Nosuchinsky, a one-time Fox News contributor and former Miss New York USA. "And they had a whole display of the tins with Rudolph, and snowmen, and snowflakes and what have you. I brought it to the party, and at first it was like, 'Really, Joanne, with the popcorn?' But then I have to tell you that everyone at that party went back to the tin multiple times. I brought little cups so everyone wasn't digging into it with gross flu hands. It made everyone feel better." Somewhere, there are people who buy their giant tri-color popcorn tins not from Kmart, but from Garrett, the fancy original holiday popcornmaker, where a tin can run $80. Somewhere, there are people who prefer Harry & David nut brittles, or those snack trays that come with summer sausage and stone-ground crackers. Those gifts have their roles, but they are not the role of the giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin, whose main role is this: Taking down any giant tin requires the participation and dedication of many people. It cannot be accomplished alone. It requires people of varying taste buds and eating styles all working together, putting aside their differences in favor of one common goal. Republicans, attack the cheese. Democrats, to the caramel. Leave the butter to the undecideds, the nonvoters, the rejected secretary of state candidates. In a year that felt like wall-to-wall exhaustion and misery, we need a measure of mindless, bland snacking. We need something that makes us realize that Americans can work together on something, and that thing is the giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin. It's not the greatest snack. But in 2016, you take what you can get. And use your new tin as a wastebasket. It says, "Once again, I have drawn the Secret Santa name of a co-worker I do not know." It says, "I'm a single 23-year-old man who has been invited to a potluck and does not own baking tins." It says, "I may go to a party, in which case this is my hostess gift, or I may skip the party, in which case I will eat the popcorn, alone, while watching 'The Holiday' starring Cameron Diaz." The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin is resigned to its lot in life, just as you are, with a blend of fat, salt, anxiety and coma, and that is what makes it the perfect gift of 2016. It is the only unifying force that can bring together America today. Let us buy one. The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin is sitting - part a massive wall of festive $5 multi-gallon tubs - at the entrance of your local Walmart. Or Costco. Or Staples, always Staples, the office-supply overlords having realized that in the middle of December, people don't feel the need for three-ring binders, they feel the need for popcorn in faux cheddar, butter and caramel varieties. These customers feel the need to put the popcorn next to the office microwave with a handwritten note: "Take some!" Watch, as someone from Chicago insists that in Chicago, everyone eats the popcorn by mixing the flavors. Watch, as someone else not from Chicago sneaks back and fastidiously separates the flavors back into their original partitions, kernel by kernel. "I have an aunt who always gives the tins to me," says Nathan Britten, who works in the insurance industry in Oklahoma City. "So I this year I re-gifted it to my office. I put it in the break room and figured somebody would eat it. Everyone ate it. This tin was special - it had caramel, cheese and kettle instead of butter. My power ranking is the caramel corn first, followed by cheese and then the kettle. I have no idea where my aunt gets these. Or where they come from. Man, where do they come from?" Let us discover where they come from, by flipping over a giant tri-flavor tin and reading the label on the bottom: The popcorn comes from North Prairie, Wisconsin, home of Gourmet Gift Concepts, which sells 4.5 million tins each holiday season. The rest of the year they sell the popcorn in vending machines, along with pretzels, cheese curls and Zesty Ranch Corn Chips. But their raison d'être is giant tri-flavor popcorn tins. On a recent afternoon, the CEO of Gourmet Gift Concepts, a man named Tim Fromm, was reached on his cellphone: "If you lined up all of our holiday popcorn tins that we produced in 2016," Fromm says, "you could start at the White House and end at Fenway Park in Boston." Fromm has been in the popcorn business for the better part of two decades, and he knows what sells. "Lab puppies on a tin are always going to be your number-one seller. A snowman might come second. And Santa - unfortunately for Santa, he's always last." (Fromm thinks Santa is too denominational.) "Some customers tell us the best part of a Gourmet Select tin is the delicious popcorn, others tell us it's the usage of the tin as storage," says Gourmet Gift Concept's website. "See below for just a few of its many after-uses." Some of the after-uses and their potential contents include: Waste Basket. Jewelry. Golf Balls. Pens. Shoes. Pet Food Storage. "I was in the Kmart on 34th Street, looking for sweaters to wear to an ugly-Christmas-sweater party," says Joanne Nosuchinsky, a one-time Fox News contributor and former Miss New York USA. "And they had a whole display of the tins with Rudolph, and snowmen, and snowflakes and what have you. I brought it to the party, and at first it was like, 'Really, Joanne, with the popcorn?' But then I have to tell you that everyone at that party went back to the tin multiple times. I brought little cups so everyone wasn't digging into it with gross flu hands. It made everyone feel better." Somewhere, there are people who buy their giant tri-color popcorn tins not from Kmart, but from Garrett, the fancy original holiday popcornmaker, where a tin can run $80. Somewhere, there are people who prefer Harry & David nut brittles, or those snack trays that come with summer sausage and stone-ground crackers. Those gifts have their roles, but they are not the role of the giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin, whose main role is this: Taking down any giant tin requires the participation and dedication of many people. It cannot be accomplished alone. It requires people of varying taste buds and eating styles all working together, putting aside their differences in favor of one common goal. Republicans, attack the cheese. Democrats, to the caramel. Leave the butter to the undecideds, the nonvoters, the rejected secretary of state candidates. In a year that felt like wall-to-wall exhaustion and misery, we need a measure of mindless, bland snacking. We need something that makes us realize that Americans can work together on something, and that thing is the giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin. It's not the greatest snack. But in 2016, you take what you can get. And use your new tin as a wastebasket. <저작권자 © 울산매일, 무단 전재 및 재배포 금지>  저작권 문의 워싱턴포스트 다른기사 보기 페이스북 이메일 기사 수정 :   2016-12-19 09:50   김동균 기자 웹출판 :   2016-12-19 09:50   관리자 입력.편집 :   2016-12-19 09:49   김동균 기자 icon오늘의 인기기사 오늘의 운세 1월 7일 (음력 12월 10일 甲午) 기아차 신형 '올 뉴 모닝' BMW코리아 '뉴 5시리즈' 예약 접수 "특검 개애식기!" 법원공무원 내부 글 논란 속속 드러나는 정유라의 '거짓말 시리즈' 기아차 신형 '올 뉴 모닝' 댓글 (200자평) 0개 전체보기 200자까지 쓰실 수 있습니다. 등록 ※ 비속어와 인신공격성 글 등은 바로 삭제됩니다. 특히, 근거 없는 글로 타인의 명예를 훼손하면 민·형사상 처벌을 받을 수 있습니다. [댓글(200자평)운영규칙 보기] 첫번째 댓글을 남겨주세요. 여백 여백 여백 회원사 한국신문협회 한국기자협회 한국사진기자협회 한국ABC 제휴사 중앙일보 워싱턴포스트 블룸버그 중국 長春日報 노컷뉴스 회사소개 광고안내 불편신고 제휴안내 개인정보취급방침 이메일무단수집거부 청소년보호정책 청탁금지법 현황 (44740) 울산광역시 남구 수암로 4 (템포빌딩 9층)  |   대표전화 : 052-243-1001  |   발행/편집인 : 이연희  |  청소년보호책임자 : 김동균 Copyright © 2017 울산매일. All rights reserved. 온라인 컨텐츠 및 뉴스저작권 문의 webmaster@iusm.co.kr RSS 서비스 Back to Top
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 06, 2017, 7:59 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / NW BUSINESS PEOPLE This article was published December 18, 2016 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Kathy Cox, senior manager of the Walmart Foundation, received the Operation Homefront Cornerstone Award for her contributions to the national nonprofit’s mission to help military families. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: NW BUSINESS PEOPLE Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS BUSINESS PEOPLE In California, recreational 'pot' legal, but ... Business news in brief NW BUSINESS PEOPLE ON THE AGENDA State jobless rate holds steady at 4% October housing sales up in state Retailers push last-minute deals More Business stories > Comments on: NW BUSINESS PEOPLE To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Obama says he would support repealing health care law if GOP puts forward better plan (8 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Lose the sore (25 comments) Study: No pause in global warming (36 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: An ignominious start (37 comments) Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back (13 comments) 4 suspects in beating of disabled man that was broadcast on Facebook appear in court (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look Outside Trump Tower Live Look at Air Traffic in the Fort Lauderdale Airport Live Look at the Capitol Building in Washington D.C. RADAR: Southeast Winter Storm Skiers at the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Beach Surf in Cape May, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Obtained by ABC News What We Know About Esteban Santiago, Suspect in Fort Lauderdale Attack 1h ago 5 Dead, Multiple People Injured in Shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport President Obama 'Heartbroken' for Victims' Families After Fort Lauderdale Shooting Top Stories My Stories Pelosi Calls Russian Hacking Report 'Stunning' Kerry Says Mexico Won't Pay for Wall Obama to Back 'Obamacare' Repeal if It's a Better Plan Family's Desperate Search to Find Missing Daughter Trump Certified as President by Congress VP Biden to President-Elect Trump: 'Grow Up' Orca Profiled in 'Blackfish' Documentary Has Died Palestinians, Jordan Warn Trump Over Israel Embassy Former NYC Nightclub Owner Found Strangled Kids Watched Movie as Parents Lay Dead Outside SUV The Daily Rewind Recap the day with these handpicked stories from ABC News 01 Play ABCNews.com POTUS 'Heartbroken' For Victims' Families After Fort Lauderdale Shooting George Stephanopoulos sat down with President Obama for a final interview at the White House. #FortLauderdaleShooting 1h ago 02 Play ABCNews.com Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooter Checked His Weapon During His Flight Esteban Santiago allegedly went into the bathroom to load his gun before going on a deadly shooting spree. #FortLauderdaleShooting 46m ago 03 Play ABCNews.com President Obama Weighs In on Intelligence Report Obama talks with ABC News' George Stephanopoulos about the unprecedented investigation he initiated. #Russia 50m ago 04 Play ABCNews.com Michelle Obama Delivers Emotional Final Speech as First Lady Obama spoke about hope and the importance of diversity at an event recognizing the 2017 school counselor of the year. #MichelleObama Jan 6 05 Play ABCNews.com Cashier Makes Day of Boy With Cerebral Palsy For a boy with cerebral palsy, a cashier's small and simple gesture — letting him help her scan food items — helped make his day. Jan 6 #Russia ABC News President Obama: Russia 'Intended to Meddle' in US Election 47m ago Putin 'Ordered' Effort to Influence US Election: Intel Report Trump Calls Intel Briefing on Alleged Russian Hacking 'Constructive Meeting' #FortLauderdaleShooting Joe Raedle/Getty Images Witnesses Describe Screaming, 'Trail of Blood' After Gunman Opened Fire at Airport Jan 6 What the Rules Are on Flying With a Gun #Chicago Chicago Police Department, via AFP/Getty Images What We Know About the Alleged Hate Crime Streamed Live on Facebook Jan 6 Bail Denied for 4 Suspects Accused in Alleged Facebook Torture Video Facebook Live Victim's Family: 'This Should Never Happen' #Weather Yalonda M. James/The Commercial Appeal via AP Photo The South Braces for Storm of Snow and Ice 2h ago Students Return Home After Snowstorm Traps Them at School Lake-Effect Snow Halts Buffalo Traffic #MichelleObama Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Photo FLOTUS Signs Off: 'I Hope I've Made You Proud' Jan 6 Obama Daughters' White House Swing Set Removed Michelle Obama Through the Years #DonaldTrump Play Getty Rex Tillerson: Everything You Need to Know Dec 12 Michael Flynn: Everything You Need to Know Jeff Sessions: Everything You Need to Know Politics #DonaldTrump Trump Says US Will Be 'Paid Back' by Mexico for Wall Kerry Calls Russia Hacking a 'Hostile Attack of Major Proportions' #DonaldTrump Democrats Call For Ethics Investigation Into Trump Nominee Stock Trading #DonaldTrump Former CIA Director Leaves Trump Transition Team #Obamacare Paul Ryan Promises Republicans Will Complete 'Obamacare' Replacement Bill This Year #DonaldTrump Former Sen. Dan Coats Expected to Be Named Director of National Intelligence Addressing Email Controversy and Other Challenges, FBI Director Stands By Decisions #Obamacare Inside Obama's Affordable Care Act Meeting With Dems #DemocraticParty Top Dem Would Support Challenge to Electoral Vote Certification #FactOrFake No, President Obama Has Not Said He Is Refusing to Leave Office #DonaldTrump Despite Promise, Trump Divulges No New Election Hacking Details #PaulRyan Congressman's Son 'Grounded' After Dabbing in Swearing-In Photo More News FBI: Roof Displaying Racist Symbols Even During Trial Democrat Warren to Seek Re-Election to US Senate Wis. Tribe Wants Pipeline Moved From Its Reservation No Civil Rights Charges in Police Killing of Paralyzed Man Police Taking Statements on George Michael's Death Deaths of 5 Teens in Crash Reclassified as Murder Divers Search Bottom of Lake Erie for Missing Plane Keurig Building at-Home Booze Maker 2 NY Cops Take Selfie in Front of Burning Home Report: 11 Hurt in Bus Collision at Frankfurt Airport #CharlestonShooting Chuck Burton/AP Photo Charleston Church Shooting Victim Was Considering Retirement, Brother Says at Dylann Roof Sentencing 3h ago FBI: Roof Displaying Racist Symbols Even During Trial Play WCVB Officer Captured Prison Escapee by Chasing Him for 2 Blocks Jan 6 Inmate Who Escaped From Rhode Island Prison Held on Charges In Case You Missed It Army Mom Deployed in Iraq Surprises Daughters at School Leah Remini on Her Fight Against the Church of Scientology #Airlines Grieving Sisters Say 'Rude' Flight Attendant Led to Their Removal From Flight Family's Search for Travel Nanny Garners Thousands of Applications #Amazon 6-Year-Old Mistakenly Orders $170 Worth of Treats While Chatting With Amazon Echo Watch the Beautiful Moment a Girl Asks Her Stepmom to Adopt Her Teen Dresses in Suit to Meet Newborn Niece Experts Warn of Risks of Some at-Home Chemical Peels #BeInspired Boy Grows Hair for 2 Years, Donates to Friend With Alopecia Sisters Reunite With Long-Lost Mother After 4 Decades Police Find Car Lost for 6 Months After Driver Forgot Where He Parked Mom of Twins in Fallen Dresser Accident Speaks Out More News Capitol Hill Art With Pig in Police Uniform Removed Astronauts Upgrade Station With New Batteries Woman Sues University Over Rape Response Pizza Deliveryman Shot by Police Gets $4.4M Troopers Won't Give Grieving Book After Atheist Complains Cellmate: Mother Killed Son, Said He Was 'Soul of Hitler' Power Returns to Vegas' Rio Casino After Week of Issues Blizzards, Icy Weather Grip Parts of Europe Starbucks to Stop Selling Alcohol at 400 Stores Schoolteacher Accused of Asking Teen for Nude Photos Play Nick Ut/AP Photo Why Lyle and Erik Menendez Say They Killed Their Parents Jan 6 What Erik and Lyle Menendez Did After the Murders Erik Menendez Wrote Screenplay About Son Who Kills Parents Chris Pizzello/AP Photo Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds Laid to Rest Together 38m ago New Film Reveals Complicated Relationship Between Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher Broadway Lights to Dim Tonight for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds Play ABCNews.com 7-Year-Old Saves Baby Sister's Life After Stray Bullet Strikes Family's Car Jan 6 Play NASA Iceberg the Size of Delaware Could Soon Break Off Antarctic Ice Shelf Jan 6 MediaPunch/REX/Shutterstock Viola Davis Remembers Late Father During Tearful Walk of Fame Ceremony Jan 6 Chris Brown to Box Soulja Boy Over Social Media Feud Shannen Doherty Posts Photo of 'Maggie,' Her Radiation Therapy Machine #NewYears Neilson Barnard/DCNYRE2017/Getty Images Ryan Seacrest Weighs In on Mariah Carey's New Year's Performance Jan 6 Naomi Campbell Reveals She Was Almost Robbed in Paris Blake Shelton-Themed Bars to Open in Tenn., Okla. #BarackObama TopTenRealEstate.com See Inside President Obama's Hawaiian Vacation Home Jan 5 Play Brandi Guillet Nonverbal Boy Has Unbreakable Bond With His Deaf Dog Connor Guillet, 6, of Cocoa, Florida, has developed a special friendship with Ellie, a deaf boxer. Up Next: Play Firefighters Save Dog Stranded on Icy Iowa River #Prince Retna/Photoshot/Newscom Prince's Minnesota Properties Are Worth $25 Million, Estate Reports 1h ago 'A Monster Calls' Review: The Film Is 'Cathartic and Thrilling' DeGeneres Says Her Show Is No Place for Anti-Gay Advocates Play ABCNews.com Ed Sheeran Teases New Album on Social Media Jan 6 Inside Amber Rose's and Val Chmerkovskiy's Relationship Man Celebrates 100th Birthday by Skydiving for 1st Time Ever Robin Marchant/Getty Images for Tory Sport Susan Sarandon's Daughter Addresses Critics After Revealing Baby Son's Head Injury Jan 3 Popcorn #Popcorn Octavia Spencer Lacks 'Clear Recollection' of Winning Oscar #Popcorn Adam Driver on 50-Pound Weight Loss, 'Girls' Finale and the Next 'Star Wars' #Popcorn 10 Best and 10 Worst Films of 2016 #Popcorn Damien Chazelle on the Inspiration Behind His Magical Musical 'La La Land' #Popcorn Michael Fassbender Sings Patsy Cline's 'Crazy' #Popcorn Michael Fassbender Cannot Stop Cracking Jokes During Interview #Popcorn John Lithgow on 'Excitement and Fear' of His Latest Role #Popcorn Felicity Jones Spill Secrets About 'Rogue One' #Popcorn 5 Things to Know About Helen Mirren #Popcorn Jeffrey Dean Morgan on His Norman Reedus Bromance and Why His Son Is a 'Little Negan' #Popcorn Tom Ford's 4-Year-Old Son Refuses to Wear Anything but Black #Popcorn Dev Patel Says He Struggled to Find Roles After 'Slumdog Millionaire' Play ABCNews.com Beautiful View of Swiss Alps Jan 6 Iceberg the Size of Delaware Could Soon Break Off Antarctic Ice Shelf #Travel Karisma Hotels Hotel Suite of the Week: Pineapple Suite at Nickelodeon Punta Cana Jan 6 Frigid Northern China Hosts Snow and Ice Sculpture Festival Ice and Lights Wow Crowds at Annual Snow Festival Michael Kovac/Getty Images Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel Hit the Town 3h ago Boomer Phelps Hangs by the Pool With a New Toy Mariah Carey Performs on New Year's Eve Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions EDUCATION Holiday cheer: students build hi-tech toys for disabled kids Published December 19, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print JACKSONVILLE, Fla. –  Because of her cerebral palsy, 4-year-old Scarlett Wilgis has trouble opening her hands and can't get around without help. Her parents have scoured store shelves and websites looking for toys for her, but have mostly been disappointed. "Finding the toys at Walmart or Target, they're pretty much non-existent," said mom Dezaraye Wilgis, sitting with Scarlett in front of their twinkling Christmas tree in St. Augustine. "Or if you get them through a medical supplier they're extremely expensive." While major toy makers have changed with the times and sell dolls with wheelchairs and crutches, those designed to be used by children with severe disabilities like Scarlett are still difficult, if not impossible, to find. Because they have to be customized for each child, the cost can skyrocket. This conundrum gave two University of North Florida professors an idea: mix engineering and physical therapy students in a lab with the goal of converting toys from store shelves into custom-made fun for disabled children. The Adaptive Toy Project is now in its third year, and has drawn a 5-year grant from the National Institutes of Health. It is helping families like Scarlett's while giving the students a dose of community service and real-world experience that will stick with them long after graduation. Dr. Alison Cernich, a neuropsychologist and director at the NIH's Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, said the agency funded the program because it forces students from different fields to collaborate and solve a problem in the community. "This program is getting students in the early phases of their training thinking about ordinary objects, toys, and how to adapt those toys so that children with limitations can use and play with them like children without limitations," she said. On a recent day, the school's small lab buzzed with the sound of tools and chatter as students customized cars for their new owners. Chris Martin, an electrical engineering student, had removed the hood of Scarlett's car, exposing its wires. A large push button replaced the steering, and light sensors mounted underneath the car will allow it to follow a line of tape along the floor whenever Scarlett hits the button. Now, Scarlett's parents can design routes for the car with tape, or use a remote-control mode for family walks. When Martin first met Scarlett's mother, "she actually cried, and it just made me want to work harder," Martin said. "I just want to make it as perfect as possible for her." The cars retail between $250 and $500; the customization makes them worth well over $1,000. The families, about 18 so far, get the cars free. Mary Lundy, a UNF professor of physical therapy who started the Adaptive Toy Project with an engineering colleague, said the students meet with families, go to therapy appointments and schools. "Engineering students teach the physical therapy students how to modify basic electronics ... and in the process engineers learn how to do people-centered designs, and how to look at their clients differently," Lundy said. For the kids, it's also a way to continue important therapies through play. Dr. Peter Rosenbaum, a professor of pediatrics at McMaster University in Canada, said his field is increasingly focusing on "augmented mobility," to give kids a way to move around so they can be more independent. "We can't fix them," Rosenbaum said. "What we can do instead is say, 'What would a child at this age and stage of development be doing if they didn't have their impairment? How can we give them those experiences?' This changes the perspectives of everyone around her, and her perspective of herself." UNF's program is one of 60 related toy car programs for disabled children internationally that are part of the Go Baby Go network, but is the only one that has enlisted students to customize the vehicles for free. After weeks of work, Scarlett finally tested the car Martin and his colleagues built. They strapped her in and showed her how to hit the push button in the toy she would hopefully use for at least three or four years. The car drove forward, and Scarlett rocked back and forth. Her mother fought back tears and her father walked alongside her. "For her, she's going to be able to get out more and not be trapped by a wheelchair ... and for us it'll be nice to see her interact with other children. It's amazing," Dezaraye said. ___ Follow Jason Dearen on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/JHDearen Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Gingrich: Will Chuck Schumer become Senator 'No' and wipe out his party's future? 2 What no one wants to tell Sally Field, Keegan-Michael Key and all the other anti-Trump celebrities (but should) 3 Thanks to our mistakes with Iran, the North Korean threat to the US is at record levels 4 Steve Moore: My grade for Obama on his economic legacy? A gentleman's C 5 Wise men and wise women: "Hidden Figures" and Epiphany Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Hot Topics: Valentine Card and Cachet Snow Closures Body Found in Park Nature for Health, Happiness New Year's Baby Winter Recreation CSU Basketball RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls for Dec. 16-18, 2016 Posted:   12/18/2016 04:48:27 PM MST Notable calls Friday: • Noon: Motor vehicle accident with injury, King Soopers North, 253 E. 29th St. • Noon: Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 3300 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • Noon. Theft, 400 block of Primrose Court. • Noon. Shoplifting, Safeway West, 2321 W. Eisenhower Blvd. • 1 p.m. Fraud, 100 block of East 22nd Street. • 2 p.m. Theft, 1500 block of Westshore Drive. • 4 p.m. Harassment, Wal-Mart North, 250 W. 65th St. • 4 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, West 29th Street and North Colorado Avenue. • 5 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, North Garfield Avenue and West 41st Street. • 6 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, Wal-Mart Distribution Center, 7500 Crossroads Blvd. • 6 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, Wal-Mart Distribution Center, 7500 Crossroads Blvd. • 7 p.m. Shoplifting, Dick's Sporting Goods, 5875 Sky Pond Drive. Saturday: • 6 a.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 3300 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 9 a.m. Hit-and-run accident, 6400 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 9 a.m. Hit-and-run accident, 300 block of West Fourth Street. • 9 a.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, East First Street and North Denver Avenue. • 10 a.m. Theft, 400 block of West Eighth Street. Advertisement • 11 a.m.Theft, 400 block of East 42nd Street. • 1 p.m. Fraud, 3100 block of Sedgwick Circle. • 4 p.m. Shoplifting, Wal-Mart North, 250 W. 65th Street. • 5 p.m. Hit-and-run accident, 300 block of Elder Drive. • 5 p.m. Harassment, 2800 block of Sally Ann Drive. • 6 p.m. Physical disturbance, 900 block of Hersinger Place. • 6 p.m. Shoplifting, Target, 1725 Rocky Mountain Avenue. • 7 p.m. Shoplifting, Walgreen's, 200 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 11 p.m. Motor vehicle theft, 100 block of Juniper Place. Sunday: • Midnight. Physical disturbance, 4100 block of Clydesdale Parkway. • 2 a.m. Physical disturbance, 500 block of East Fifth Street. • 6 a.m. Hit-and-run accident, 1200 block of East 15th Street. • 8 a.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 4200 block of Buffalo Mountain Drive. • 10 a.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 5400 block of North Taft Avenue. • 10 a.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, South Lincoln Avenue and 14th Street Southeast. • 11 a.m. Hit-and-run accident, 100 block of West 11th Street. • 11 a.m. Criminal mischief, 400 block of West 48th Street. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Man hanging unconscious by backpack on Arapahoe Basin chairlift is cut down by friend in harrowing rescue Blasting resumes on U.S. 34 reconstruction project Loveland Fire Rescue Authority adds 5 new firefighters   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Religion Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News What we know about Esteban Santiago, suspect in the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Details emerge on suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting that killed 5 14-year-old Pasco County teen tried to smother baby with pillow, deputies say Tampa turns crimson and orange as fans pour in for football celebration Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Obameter: Eight years and 533 campaign promises later, measuring Barack Obama's legacy Top News Declassified report says Russian President Putin ordered intervention in presidential election Doesn't Donald Trump have more important things to do than tweet Arnold Schwarzenegger? Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi won't talk about job in Trump administration President-elect Trump says focus on Russian hacking is a 'political witch hunt' Everglades restoration: Debate rages over plan to spend $800 million to build a massive water cleaning reservoir? Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Sleeping Alabama, Clemson fans expected to crowd Tampa International Airport before their overnight flights home Estimated cost of ads for College Football championship: $1 million College Football Playoff: Dig deep into the tale of the turf at Raymond James College Football Playoff: Jalen Hurts, an unflappable true freshman QB Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Where's the party? Concerts, fireworks and parties for Tampa's College Football Playoff weekend Top News Golden Globes movie predictions: 'Moonlight,' 'La La Land,' Emma Stone and more Collection of 700-pound silver statues return 'home' for big game With new grants, Florida Orchestra is increasing its presence around the state Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Top Opinion Mark Sharpe: The key to growing Tampa Bay's economy Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Editorial: A duty to repair Jordan Park housing complex Editorial: The Florida Orchestra reaches out Editorial: Legislature should standardize civil citations for juveniles Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Golden Globes TV predictions: 'The Crown,' 'The People vs. O.J. Simpson" and more SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Hometown Pinellas Times staff Tampa Bay Times Monday, December 19, 2016 5:11am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LIGHTHOUSE OF PINELLAS RECEIVES GRANT: Pinellas Park WalMart Neighborhood Market recently awarded $2,500 to Lighthouse of Pinellas through its Community Grant Program. Lighthouse of Pinellas offers training programs that help people who are visually impaired and blind become independent at home, work and school. The grant will help fund instructional programs for LHP clients. Related News/Archive Hometown North Pinellas 2 Weeks Ago Hometown Pasco for Dec. 16 3 Weeks Ago Hometown Hernando for Dec. 16 3 Weeks Ago ST. PETERSBURG NATIVE SERVES AT PEARL HARBOR: Petty Officer Second Class Christopher Gadson, a 2004 St. Petersburg High School graduate, is stationed at the Navy's U.S. Pacific Fleet Headquarters. The U.S. Pacific Fleet consists of approximately 200 ships/submarines, nearly 1,100 aircraft, and more than 140,000 sailors and civilians. Gadson is responsible for maintenance and management of servers and computer systems onboard. SEASIDE SEABIRD SANCTUARY GETS NEW LOGO: Seaside Seabird Sanctuary has a new look after new management took over in September. The organization's new logo can be seen on its new website, seabirdsanctuary.com, and throughout the beach. Its mission to rescue, rehabilitate and release sick, injured and orphaned birds remains the same. SAILATHON RAISES $5K FOR FOOD PANTRY: The Ted Irwin Memorial Youth Sailathon drew 28 young sailors ages 8-16 to Indian Rocks Beach for a four- hour "sailing marathon" in support of the Beach Community Food Pantry at Calvary Episcopal Church. The sailors represented Indian Rocks Family Sailing Association, Clearwater Yacht Club and Dunedin Youth Sailing. Their efforts raised more than $5,000. GULFPORT MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION ANNOUNCES WINNERS: The Gulfport Merchants Association announced two winners of the 2017 Community Support Grants, The Sonia Plotnick Health Fund, which funds women's health needs not covered by insurance, and Creative Play Preschool, which will create an interactive outdoor learning lab. The grants are funded by a portion of the proceeds from GMA's "Gecko Events," which will conclude next September. The grant amounts will be determined then. ST. PETE TEAMS RANKED SECOND AFTER POP WARNER SUPER BOWL: The St. Pete Silver Raiders became the second place Division II unlimited team in the nation after losing in the Pop Warner Super Bowl to the Gilbert-Chandler Hitmen from Arizona. We WANT your news! Send news of everyday life in our county, whether it's snapshots from family reunions, a local achievement, celebrations or simply good news you want to trumpet. Submit your news and photos by email at local@tampabay.com (put Hometown Pinellas in subject line), by fax at (727) 893-8675, or by mail to Tampa Bay Times, Hometown Pinellas, 490 First Ave. S, St. Petersburg, FL 33701. Hometown Pinellas 12/19/16 [Last modified: Friday, December 16, 2016 10:13am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Gaming News Nintendo NES Classic Edition Available At Best Buy On Tuesday, December 20 By Voltaire Ro?o Posted on December 19, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email The Nintendo NES Classic Edition has been essentially sold out everywhere this holiday season! It appears the demand for this nostalgic machine was just much greater than the supply. The console has since become nearly impossible to find in physical stores. All website listing such as Walmart and Amazon all went sold out as well. But don?t lose hope. It seems that you may still have one last chance to get your hands on the NES Classic Edition this coming December 20 at Best Buy. Best Buy You read that right, it appears Best Buy is coming to the rescue for a lucky few. There are reports that Best Buy will be your best chance to get an NES Classic Edition before Christmas. Related: Nintendo NES Classic Edition Gets Very Limited Release Only Until Today; Where to Shop Online The reports detail that each Best Buy store will have at least 12 NES Classic Edition consoles. That?s not enough to meet the large demand for the console, but it?s enough to give you a chance at getting one. The consoles are set to only be sold at Best Buy?s stores. None will be listed on their website. And just like Black Friday, it will all be on a first one, first server basis. You also, can?t reserve consoles for yourself through the phone. You will be forced to go to Best Buy and buy one for yourself. Considering the very low supply, odds are, you will need to camp out for one. ? Related: Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stock & Release Date: Where Best To Buy ? Target, Walmart, Amazon or Best Buy If you don?t want to line up or camp for the Nintendo NES Classic Edition, then you might be willing to pay a huge premium for one. Scalpers are selling the sought after console on sites like Ebay at nearly three to four times the original price! So how badly do you want the Nintendo NES Classic Edition? Are willing to camp all night for one? Let us know what you?re willing to do for one in the comments section below! Also Read: Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Price & Where To Buy: NES Back In Stock, Purchase Now Before It?s Gone Stay tuned to TheBitbag for updates on your favorite tech gadgets. Related Items:Nintendo, Nintendo NES Classic, nintendo nes classic amazon, Nintendo NES Classic availability, Nintendo NES Classic Ebay, Nintendo NES Classic Lottery Prize, nintendo nes classic mini, nintendo nes classic mini eu console, Nintendo NES Classic Scalpers Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Mario Kart 64 Finally Drives To Wii U Nintendo?s Classic Mini SNES?2017?s hottest toy for gamers? After Nintendo NES Classic Edition Release; Company To Bring Back SNES Console – Patent About the author Voltaire Ro?o Voltaire Rono?s a gaming enthusiast for most his life with firsthand experience with a plethora of different gaming platforms and genres. Voltaire?s specialty is with MMORPG?s having achieved various in-game achievements in Ran Online, Nostale, Dragon Nest, and Tree of Savior. He is always updated and studying the latest news and insights on gaming and technology in preparation for the next great adventure. Post navigation CES 2017 Genican: This Smart Garbage Can Updates Your Shopping List On Its Own! ‘Project: EVO’: Researchers used Video Games to Treat Depression Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Eastern Wake News December 19, 2016 9:06 AM Crime Notes: Dec. 8-14 Harry Lynch hlynch@newsobserver.com i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Knightdale Arrests ▪  Dec. 10, 3:30 a.m., Yagaly Concepcion Baker, 39, of 140 Gentle Rio Court, Garner, was charged with driving while impaired and misdemeanor child abuse. ▪  Dec. 12, 11:23 p.m., Brandon James Green, 22, of 3316 Renee Court, Knightdale, was charged with possession with intent to sell or delivery marijuana and simple drug possession. ▪  Dec. 13, 11:20 p.m., Duane Preston Fleming, 48, of 3202 Royal Deeside Court, Zebulon, was charged with forgery of an instrument and obtaining property by false pretense. ▪  Dec. 14, 2 p.m., Newell Lamont McDonald Jr., 24, of 929 Whitcomb Drive, Fayetteville, was charged with larceny by changing a price tag. ▪  Dec. 14, 4:40 p.m., Jason Vance Jenkins, 32, of 2885 Old U.S. 70 W, Clayton, was charged with shoplifting. Knightdale Incidents ▪  Dec. 8, 10:01 a.m., larceny was reported at Walmart on Knightdale Boulevard. Someone stole clothes valued at $30. ▪  Dec. 8, 3 p.m., police recovered power tools in the 5000 block of Stony Falls Way. ▪  Dec. 9, 8:30 a.m., motor vehicle theft was reported in the 2100 block of Becker Drive. ▪  Dec. 9, 7:34 p.m., assault was reported in the 100 block of Amber River Court. ▪  Dec. 11, 4:32 p.m., larceny was reported in the 100 block of Park Avenue. ▪  Dec. 12, 3:02 a.m., drug, liquor and traffic offenses were reported in the 6500 block of Knightdale Boulevard. ▪  Dec. 13, 4:13 p.m., burglary was reported in the 900 block of Laurel Breeze Drive. ▪  Dec. 13, 9:26 p.m., drug and traffic offenses were reported in the 300 block of Second Avenue. ▪  Dec. 14, 8 a.m., vandalism was reported in the 1500 block of Costmary Lane. ▪  Dec. 14, 10:02 a.m., larceny was reported at Walmart on Knightdale Boulevard. Someone stole a gaming controller valued at $57.60. ▪  Dec. 14, 11:01 a.m., assault was reported in the 7000 block of Knightdale Boulevard. ▪  Dec. 14, 2:30 p.m., larceny was reported at Target on Shoppes at Midway Drive. Someone stole ink cartridges valued at $201.73. Wendell Arrests ▪  Dec. 8, 1:25 p.m., Crystal Dawn Walters, 39, of 302 E. Vance St., Zebulon, was charged with possession of a controlled substance on a prison or jail premises, attempting to alter, steal or destroy criminal records and misdemeanor probation violation. ▪  Dec. 10, 2 a.m., Dennis Morris Perscell Jr., 31, of 1120-208 Topsail Common Drive, Knightdale, was charged with felony cocaine possession and driving while impaired. ▪  Dec. 13, 4:01 p.m., Anthony Carlton Sears, 51, of 2412 Springhill Ave., Raleigh, was charged with failure to convey money owed in Northampton County. ▪  Dec. 14, 8:10 p.m., Vicente Sevilla-Tolentin, 37, of, 7612 Golden Brook St., Zebulon, was charged with driving while impaired and misdemeanor child abuse. Wendell Incidents ▪  Dec. 9, 7 a.m., larceny was reported at Fleet Fuels on Wendell Boulevard. Someone stole a Christmas wreath valued at $125. ▪  Dec. 12, 9:46 p.m., fraud was reported in the 3400 block of Wendell Boulevard. Someone stole $100 cash. ▪  Dec. 13, 10:50 a.m., larceny was reported at Sheetz on Wendell Boulevard. Someone stole food items valued at $12.37. Zebulon Arrests ▪  Dec. 9, noon, Isaac Dominique Holden, 25, of 116 E. McIver St., Zebulon, was charged with felony cocaine possession, maintaining a place to keep or sell drugs and possession with intent to sell or deliver marijuana. ▪  Dec. 9, 8:30 p.m., Lemoris Mandrell Hockaday, 35, of 1041 Stormy Lane, Raleigh, was charged with was charged with assault on a female. ▪  Dec. 13, 10 p.m., Michael Jerome Hunter, 26, of 144 E. Barbee St., Zebulon, was charged with misdemeanor probation violation. ▪  Dec. 14, 11 p.m., Raeshod Xzayvier Rogers, 21, of Zebulon, was charged with resisting a public officer and failure to appear in court on charges of probation violation in Wilson County. Zebulon Incidents ▪  Dec. 8, 5:40 p.m., larceny was reported at Food Lion on Wakelon Street. Someone stole three steaks valued at $50. ▪  Dec. 9, 5:05 p.m., larceny was reported at Murphy USA on East Gannon Avenue. Someone stole $8.26 worth of gas. ▪  Dec. 11, 3:55 a.m., assault was reported in the 300 block of South Arendell Avenue. ▪  Dec. 11, 11 a.m., assault was reported in the 200 block of East Vance Street. ▪  Dec. 11, 6:09 p.m., a missing person was reported in the 2200 block of King Malcolm Lane. ▪  Dec. 12, 6:35 p.m., counterfeiting was reported at McDonald’s on Wakelon Street. ▪  Dec. 13, 2:40 p.m., larceny was reported at Walmart on East Gannon Avenue. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Eastern Wake News Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:18 Low temperatures will follow snow as winter storm approaches the Triangle Pause 3:16 NC Gov. Roy Cooper declares a state of emergency 2:23 Intelligence officials confident Russians behind election attacks 3:31 New N.C. Gov. Roy Cooper makes two Cabinet post picks 2:18 Clinton: Fake news 'epidemic' is 'putting lives at risk' 0:47 UNC ready to play NC State despite the snow 7:53 NC State's Wes Moore: We just couldn't quite get over the hump there 1:25 Roy Williams says State's Dennis Smith has no weaknesses 0:57 Snow prediction sends Triangle residents into bread and milk frenzy 0:18 No snow plow? No problem. Use a table Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 0:39 2 months ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 2:24 3 months ago Fields of Faith at Knightdale High 0:23 3 months ago Flooding along the Little River after Hurricane Matthew View more video Eastern Wake News After Rolesville incident, activists want feds to take immediate action Stolen nearly 25 years ago, missing class ring reunited with owner Zack McLeod and Stephen Perry are Zebulon’s Firefighters of the Year 540 loop extension in southern Wake won’t start construction until 2020 A safe sidewalk for kids is finally within sight in Zebulon Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Costco Wholesale Corporation in 7 Charts An insightful look at the warehouse retailer through key metrics like membership growth, same-store sales, and sales per square foot. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Dec 19, 2016 at 9:21AM Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) has become one of the biggest retailers in the U.S through a combination of rock-bottom prices, a membership model that gives customers an added incentive to shop, and the so-called "treasure hunt" experience by which shoppers get free samples of a variety of foods and can purchase discount goods that are only available for a limited time. The company's global chain of warehouses gave it $118.7 billion in revenue in its last fiscal year, behind only Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). In addition to its retail prowess, the stock has also outperformed the broad market over the long term, delivering solid results for its shareholders. COST data by YCharts. However the stock has struggled this year, and 2016 could be its first losing year since 2008. COST data by YCharts. A combination of factors have been pressuring Costco shares this year. Sales and profit growth have slowed due in part to temporary factors like foreign currency translation and lower gas prices. More concerning is the deceleration in same-store sales growth, which has been a multi-year process in the U.S. Data source: Company 10-K filings. Same-store sales are key for Costco. It's the best reflection of future membership growth since sales should be growing along with membership, indicating demand for Costco's service. The slowing same-store sales growth seems to be a result of competition from Amazon and a resurgent Wal-Mart as e-commerce is taking a significant percentage of industrywide retail sales growth. Amazon Prime membership has skyrocketed in the last five years, and now has more members than Costco. Costco has been slow to build e-commerce capabilities, or offer now-commonplace services like buy-online/pick-up-in-store. It hasn't been innovating in the way Amazon and Wal-Mart have, and as a result, its comparable sales are slipping. Membership model Costco is different from most retailers in the way it generates profits. While traditional chains attempt to make a small profit on each sale, Costco instead sells annual memberships-the base price is $55-and operates its warehouses at essentially breakeven as access its low prices are the incentive for customers to buy memberships. Its gross margins in the low teens would be unsustainable for any other retailer. Since its profits are dependent on membership, its crucial that Costco's member base grow, and with a retention rate near 90% the figure has increased steadily in recent years.  Data source: Company 10-K filings. Data source: Company 10-K filings. Membership has increased by 5% or more since 2011, but membership revenue growth has slowed since 2013, mostly due to a stronger dollar weighing on membership fees from outside of the U.S. Costco's membership fees have consistently been higher than its net income, meaning the company loses around $300 million a year operating its stores. Store growth Finally, the other part of Costco's future that warrants a look is its new store plans. While Wal-Mart and some other retailers have scaled back on new store openings, Costco continues to aggressively open new warehouses. Data source: Company 10-K filings. The company's been growing its store base by about 4% a year, and plans to continue at that pace as management has noticed an opportunity in mid-tier U.S. cities. It's also expanding around the world as it will open its first warehouse in France this year. Sales per square foot is considered to be the best measure of how efficiently a retailer is using its real estate. As the chart below shows, that number ticked down last year, a sign that the company's store expansion strategy may need a refresh.   Data source: Company 10-K filings. One year's results may not be sufficient to draw that conclusion, but the sharp increase in sales per square foot from earlier in the decade seems to have clearly ended. Notably, Costco's sales per square foot is significantly higher than most big-box stores, as Wal-Mart generates sales of about $450 per square foot so it's clear the company's stores remain popular.  As the charts above show, Costco's membership model still appears to be solid, but there are signs in its same-store sales and sales per square foot that its model isn't delivering the growth that it used to. For a stock trading at a premium to the rest of the retail industry, those patterns could become a problem for the company over the coming years. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 9:21AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $795.99 up $15.54 (1.99%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.26 down $0.95 (-1.37%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $162.83 down $0.08 (-0.05%) Read More 4 Things Costco's CFO Wants Investors to Know What Does It Cost to Join Costco, Sam's Club, and BJ's? 3 Stocks With a Lot to Prove in December How Risky Is Costco Wholesale Co.? 3 Reasons to Buy Costco Wholesale Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Costco Wholesale Corporation in 7 Charts #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $COST
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Events marketplace Events High gets funding from Axilor Ventures Events marketplace Events High gets funding from Axilor Ventures December 19, 2016  | Dearton Thomas Hector Tweet | 0 Comments Bengaluru-based Njuta Technologies Pvt Ltd, which runs events marketplace Events High, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Axilor Ventures, it said in a statement. The startup will use the funding to expand its organiser base and enhance user experience on its platform. “We have 3,000 verified listings per city per month with 30% of this supply can directly be booked on the Events High platform. We have a large base of monthly active users that has grown three times over the last six months,” said Nikesh Garera, co-founder and CEO of Events High. Also, Abhishek Shrivastava, a former Google executive, will join Events High as co-founder and product head. Prior to joining Google, he worked with Walmart Labs. Besides Garera and Shrivastava, Events High has two co-founders—Arvind Batra (CTO) and Parag Sarda (head of mobile). Garera is an alumnus of Carnegie Mellon and Johns Hopkins where he pursued MS and PhD, respectively. Batra did his master’s from Georgia Institute of Technology. He, along with Garera, also worked at Kosmix which was renamed as Walmart Labs after it was acquired by Walmart. Sarda previously worked at Google and Walmart Labs and has a master’s from Indian Institute of Science. Events High has a 22-member team. Kris Gopalakrishnan, chairman of Axilor Ventures, said, “The fascinating thing about event marketplaces is that these are transitioning into communities and thriving ecosystems. Events High is unique as it is more than a listing platform. Being tech enabled, it has the potential to change the way events are consumed by users.” Last month, Ahmedabad-based events startup Hubilo Softech Pvt. Ltd secured an undisclosed amount of angel funding from 12 investors, including Freshdesk CEO and co-founder Girish Mathrubootham. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Axilor Ventures, Events High, Kris Gopalakrishnan, Nikesh Garera, Njuta Technologies Pvt Ltd Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Pocket Aces raises $3 mn led by Sequoia Capital Pure-play ecommerce model is not sustainable, says FirstCry’s Supam Maheshwari FirstCry acquires BabyOye; raises $34 mn More in videos » Infrastructure, steel segments are poised to gain momentum, say ministers   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS Hemant Ketkar on 2017-01-05 09:54:32 Commendable performance and growth in a short span. The pains taken by these you... arup ratan sit on 2017-01-04 13:10:21 now network taxis should operate on cross country basis. now going to adjacent d... RBI on 2017-01-04 06:15:31 Upi makes the wallet rather redundant.... SK on 2017-01-03 21:01:13 BYKUP is missing in this list. There are a few more cool startups that have been... Jayant Tewari on 2017-01-03 15:09:43 The primary reason for not proceeding with a Winding-Up, the process of which ha... Income falls from Rs 70,000 to Rs 15,000, Ola, Uber drivers take to streets Exclusive: Ola’s head of luxury cab business quits Exclusive: Sundeep Sahni quits as Ola’s head of new initiatives Alibaba’s impending entry to alter India’s e-commerce landscape Flashback 2016: Top angel networks in India Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2017 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's how Walmart and Green Dot could incentivize prepaid use BI Intelligence Dec. 19, 2016, 10:44 AM 924 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also THE MOBILE PAYMENTS REPORT: Market forecasts, consumer trends, and the barriers and benefits that will influence adoption You won’t recognize the new world of digital payments without this report THE MOBILE PAYMENTS IN CHINA REPORT: What the US can learn from China's enormous success in mobile payments This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Payments Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. New gamification features are coming to Walmart MoneyCard, the retailer's prepaid card issued by Green Dot. The program, called Prize Savings, is an effort to encourage holders to keep more money in savings. The firms believe there’s a “savings crisis” in the US, which reportedly prompted the launch of the program, but it could also indirectly increase engagement with Walmart MoneyCard, which ultimately helps both the retailer and the issuer.     The program uses cash prizes to incentivize savings. The program enters MoneyCard customers into a monthly sweepstakes for saving funds. Users can use the MoneyCard app or website to transfer money from their card balance into the MoneyCard Vault, a free savings feature. For every dollar they enter into their Vault, they receive one entry in a sweepstakes, which draws 500 winners for cash prizes per month.    Indirectly, the program incentivizes users to engage more with their prepaid card, which could indirectly encourage usage. The program pushes users to engage with their MoneyCards more often. Thus far, the program is working. Prize Savings soft-launched in August, and since then has seen a 35% increase in the average Vault savings balance. To transfer, customers are forced to log into their MoneyCard online — something they might not do otherwise — which could help them discover other available features, like reload or transfer options — that they might use down the line. In addition, the cash prizes are distributed directly into users' MoneyCard accounts, which means customers are forced to engage with and use their cards in order to redeem their winnings. This could help users better form habits around the card, which could increase usage of the MoneyCard product. Customers are beginning to use their prepaid card accounts much more like traditional bank accounts than ever before, a move that Prize Savings encourages. That could ultimately improve engagement with MoneyCard, which might ultimately benefit both Walmart and Green Dot in the form of fees. In addition, Green Dot has been looking for ways to improve digital engagement with its offerings, and it’s plausible it could apply a similar model if Prize Savings continues to be effective.  Prepaid cards such as this are just one piece of the much larger payments ecosystem, which has grown more complex in the last several years and now includes issuers, merchants, processors, and more. John Heggestuen, senior research analyst at BI Intelligence, Business Insider’s premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on the payments ecosystem that drills into the industry to explain how a broad range of transactions are processed, including prepaid and store cards, as well as revealing which types of companies are in the best and worst position to capitalize on the latest industry trends. Here are some key takeaways from the report: 2016 will be a watershed year for the payments industry. Payments companies are improving security, expanding their mobile offerings, and building commerce capabilities that will give consumers a more compelling reason to make purchases using digital devices. Payments is an extremely complex industry. To understand the next big digital opportunity lies, it's critical to understand how the traditional credit- and debit-processing chain works and what roles acquirers, processors, issuing banks, card networks, independent sales organizations, gateways, and software and hardware providers play. Alternative technologies could disrupt the processing ecosystem. Devices ranging from refrigerators to smartwatches now feature payment capabilities, which will spur changes in consumer payment behaviors. Likewise, blockchain technology, the protocol that underlies Bitcoin, could one day change how consumer card payments are verified. In full, the report: Uncovers the key themes and trends affecting the payments industry in 2016 and beyond. Gives a detailed description of the stakeholders involved in a payment transaction, along with hardware and software providers. Offers diagrams and infographics explaining how card transactions are processed and which players are involved in each step. Provides charts on our latest forecasts, key company growth, survey results, and more. Analyzes the alternative technologies, including blockchain, which could further disrupt the ecosystem. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the payments ecosystem. Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Payments Walmart Green Dot facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's how Walmart and Green Dot could incentivize prepaid use Here's how Walmart and Green Dot could incentivize prepaid use This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > Business/Tech > Denton Business Headlines December 17, 2016 09:45 PM CST December 17, 2016 10:05 PM CST Happy place found Happy place found Comments () A Text Size Jeff Woo/DRC Toby and Renee Norton man the counter at Du Pop In Popcorn & Candy Co. on Thursday in Denton. 1 of 2 Couple wants Du Pop In Popcorn & Candy Co. to bring smiles to all By Matt Payne Matt Payne Denton Record-Chronicle Staff Writer mpayne@dentonrc.com Published: 17 December 2016 09:45 PM Toby Norton tells his associates at Du Pop In Popcorn & Candy Co. to try and imagine Mickey Mouse having a bad day at Disney World. It follows his request for them to tell him where they think is the happiest place in the world. Once they answer with Disney World, Toby likens the amusement park to his colorful, candy-filled store. “Bad day stays outside,” Norton said. “We want this to be an enjoyable event or stop for anybody. You become Mickey when you come in here.” Norton and his wife, Renee, decided at the start of 2016 they wanted to create the happiest place in all of Denton with something they had not seen before in a gourmet popcorn shop. Toby Norton can’t take full credit for the wordplay in his popcorn shop’s name, “Du Pop In.” Most of that it goes to country music singer Charlie Daniels when he sang about a redneck joint named the “Dew Drop Inn” in his 1973 song, “Uneasy Rider.” “I was sipping on my coffee one morning when it just came to me: Du Pop In,” Norton said, recalling that morning he listened to Daniels. “‘Yeah, that sounds good,’ I thought, and that was that.” With more than 25 years of retail experience from the couple’s administrative positions at Wal-Mart, they developed a passion for customer service and attention to detail, as Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton would often preach to his employees. From a desire to create a consumable, replaceable product they could produce themselves, the Nortons’ Du Pop In off South Interstate 35E brings 60 diverse flavors (and counting) they have concocted in their shop. All-natural ingredients go into each of the flavors that are crafted to appeal to a wide variety of palates. Norton’s own Southwest jalapeno blend contains three tablespoons of habanero pepper powder for the bold who think they can handle it. For the more conventional, cotton candy, red velvet and mac ’n cheese are safer bets. “We want to show people what they didn’t know they want,” he said about the diversity of popcorn and other products. “Our goal is to have people come in and see things they haven’t seen since they were a kid. But then we have some of the new stuff for the younger folks to help draw fascination.” Free samples are offered to prevent customers from buying a batch of popcorn they turn out to dislike. Because “retail is detail,” which Norton learned from his time at Wal-Mart, he said he makes sure each guest finds a flavor that makes their face light up. Like eating at a restaurant where customers can pick their foods a la carte, customers at Du Pop In can customize gift baskets and other products to their liking. Since opening Dec. 8, Renee Norton said customer reactions are the best part of working in a fun environment. “Toby and I both are very outgoing people, and I guess you could say a little country,” she said. “Seeing the smiles on faces, when they say, ‘Oh, wow! This is amazing!’ melts your heart.” “It makes it hard for me to stay in the kitchen,” Toby Norton added, smiling. “I always want to come out and see the faces, too.” Antique items including an old-fashioned Coca-Cola bottle rack and a large, decorative Cracker Jack box the couple acquired after traveling to thrift shops in Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas help attract older visitors. Nostalgia mixed with brand new, sometimes bizarre products aid in attracting all ages. The transformation of the space that used to house O’Philly Cheesesteak Heaven at 2430 S. Interstate 35E would not have been possible without who the Nortons know as the “grandma” of Du Pop In. Karen Perks, 72, had been retired since 1999. When the Nortons, who live on the same block as Perks, met her a year ago and told her about their plans to open a popcorn shop, she was all ears as she needed something to do. “I like eating the popcorn, of course,” Perks said about testing each batch. Perks has many titles at Du Pop In, including “Day No. 1 associate” and “Neighbor Mom.” She was present when the Nortons signed their lease to the building, and helped clean and repurpose the space into something fun. Perks said she simply enjoys seeing people perk up once the shop’s colors fill their eyes. “They come in, and we’ll sit and talk with them — they sit and talk back.” she said. “I think it’s all the people. The people are all so kind.” MATT PAYNE can be reached at 940-566-6845 and via Twitter at @MattePaper. MATT PAYNE can be reached at 940-566-6845 and via Twitter at @MattePaper. Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us Denton Business Stories Denton's Acme Brick faces penalty for August 2015 emissions IMPress absorbs Eagle & Wheeler Promising property Kim Phillips: Unusual resolution bound for new year Briefly in business Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Police officers ring Salvation Army bell for friendly competitio - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Police officers ring Salvation Army bell for friendly competition 2016-12-18T03:05:49Z2016-12-18T04:02:01Z By Caray Grace, News Anchor Email Connect cgrace@wlox.com Follow @caraygrace They were competing to see which department could collect the most money. (Image Source: WLOX News) Whether it was the friendliness, the uniform, the high fives, or the man dressed up like Santa Claus, the donations were pouring in and filling up the kettle. (Image Source: WLOX News) BILOXI, MS (WLOX) - Police officers from cities across the Coast staked out at different Walmart locations to ring the Salvation Army bell on Saturday. They were competing to see which department could collect the most money.  "Salvation Army reached out to several agencies on the Coast last year and asked if we would kind of compete against each other, and see who can raise the most money for their areas and their jurisdictions," said Sgt. Thomas Goldsworthy. Sgt. Goldsworthy feels like it's something the community should see officers doing more often. "When you're doing something of this capacity, everybody's in a positive mood. Everybody's happy to see us doing something for the community that doesn't involve enforcing the law, but when you're doing something of this capacity everybody's in a positive mood," said Goldsworthy. For Goldsworthy, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. His daughter Geniveve is a junior explorer, and it's her second time to participate in the event with the officers. "I think it's a really good opportunity to show they have a loving heart for what the world's been like. So I think it will really help, and to raise money for charity I think it's really good," said Geniveve. Whether it was the friendliness, the uniform, the high fives, or the man dressed up like Santa Claus, the donations were pouring in and filling up the kettle. "We're taking a pen and trying to shove it down and compact it. It's really packing the bell and we're filling it up. I'm happy about that. It's always good to see it overflow," added Goldsworthy. Copyright 2016 WLOX. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> MSU basketball team stops during trip to LSU to help injured motorist MSU basketball team stops during trip to LSU to help injured motorist The Mississippi State men's basketball team braved the weather to travel for their Saturday matchup against LSU. But their true bravery had nothing to do with a game.  More >> The Mississippi State men's basketball team braved the weather to travel for their Saturday matchup against LSU. But their true bravery had nothing to do with a game.  More >> Latest: Defenders give details on Chicago beating suspects Latest: Defenders give details on Chicago beating suspects Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 4:40 PM EST2017-01-06 21:40:32 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 4:40 PM EST2017-01-06 21:40:32 GMT The Latest on the beating of a white man in Chicago that was broadcast live on Facebook (all times local):More >> The Latest on the beating of a white man in Chicago that was broadcast live on Facebook (all times local):More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:44 PM EST2017-01-07 01:44:58 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:53 PM EST2017-01-07 01:53:56 GMT (Source: WSFA 12 News) WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates: More >> WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Johnson City Police Department Shoplifting investigation leads to meth charges, police say Johnson City Press • Updated Dec 18, 2016 at 6:46 PM Johnson City police said officers found methamphetamine and components of meth on two people accused of shoplifting from Wal-Mart, according to a press release from the department. On Friday, officers arrested Sean Garber, 29, 895 Summerville Road, Kingsport, and Leslie Whaley, 35, 283 Furnace Road, after responding to Wal-Mart, 2915 W. Market St., to assist loss prevention personnel who were investigating a shoplifting in progress. After attempting to recover stolen property from Garber and Whaley, officers said they found methamphetamine on Garber and components to manufacture meth on both Garber and Whaley. The two were charged with theft of property under $500, promotion of methamphetamine manufacture and possession of unlawful drug paraphernalia. Garber was additionally charged with with possession of methamphetamine. Both were taken to the Washington County Detention Center, where Whaley was being held on $12,000 bond and Garber on $22,000 bond. They are scheduled to be arraigned Monday afternoon in General Sessions Court. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
WNHH Listen Online: × Sections chooseArts & CultureArchitectureBooksDanceDiningFilmMusicPoetryTheaterTV/RadioVisual ArtsBlack Lives MatterBusiness/ Economic DevelopmentCitizen ContributionsCity HallEnvironmentFoodGay RightsHamdenHealthHigher EdHometown HeroesHousingImmigrantsInternationalLa Voz HispanaLaborLegal WritesLGBTQMediaNanotechNeighborhoodsOpinionParksPoliticsPresidential CampaignRecessionReligionSchoolsScience/ MedicalSerialsSocial ServicesSportsStateTransportationWedding AnnouncementsWNHH Radio Neighborhoods chooseAmity/ Beverly HillsBeaver HillsBishop Woods/ Q MeadowsCedar HillChatham SquareCity PointDixwellDowntownDwightEast RockProspect HillEdgewoodFair HavenGoatvilleJocelyn SquareKimberly SquareLong WharfMill RiverMorris CoveNewhallvilleNinth SquareQuinnipiac River VillageThe AnnexThe HeightsThe HillTrowbridge SquareUpper State StreetWest HillsWest RiverWest RockWestvilleWhalleyWooster Square Features choose1 Day, 3 Neighborhoods24 HoursCampaign 2013Campaign 2014Campaign 2015Campaign 2016Chef Of The WeekCity BudgetCommuter DiaryCop of the WeekCrystal ClearCT Bus DiariesDavis Street SchoolEyeShowGardener Of The WeekJobs PipelineLook HereMade In New HavenNews From The PewsObject LessonsOccupy Wall StreetPrison DiariesRevaluationSchool ReformSuperstorm SandyTrue VoteTruth-O-MeterWinter Storm JunoWinter Storm NemoWorking Mom's Diary WNHH Radio Alisa Bowens' Culture Cocktail Aliyya Swaby In Transit All of Us Artbeat Betsy Kim Law, Life & Culture Bregamos Brian Slattery Northern Remedy Cannoli Knish Sports Hour Chai Haven Community Spotlight Cyd Oppenheimer Book Talk Duo Dickinson Design Czar Grounded Joe Ugly Kica's Corner Literary Happy Hour LoveBabz LoveTalk Lucy Gellman Kitchen Sync Marcia Chambers Legal Eagle Markley Winfield Mayor Monday Michelle Turner The Show Mornings With Mubarakah Norma Rodriguez | K Pasa OneWorld Presents Open For Business Out & About Paul Bass Dateline New Haven Restless Radio SeeClickFix Radio Shafiq Abdussabur Urban Talk Radio Sharon Benzoni At The Moment The Sam Gejdenson Show The Table Underground The Tom Ficklin Show This Day in New Haven History Tom Breen Deep Focus Valley Navel Gazing Valley Sports Rewind Follow Us NHI Newsletter Legal Notices Agency On Aging Aldermen Housing Authority City Clerk Other Probate Some Favorite Sites Aaron Kotowski At Risk for HD barista Branford Eagle Business NH Chris Volpe Photography Crosscut CT Capitol Report CT Mirror CT News Junkie CT Watchdog Design New Haven Gotham Gazette I Love New Haven Josiah Brown Karman Turn La Voz Hispana Laurel Club Media Nation Middletown Eye MinnPost My Left Nutmeg New Haven Urbanism NH Register NH Review of Books NHV.org OneWorld Only In Bridgeport Oral History Project Reddit NH Saved By Design See Click Fix Smartpill Design St. Louis Beacon Taste Of NH Valley Independent Sentinel Voice of SD VT Digger WTNH Yale Daily News Government/ Community Links ‘r Kids Family Center Agency on Aging AIDS Project NH ALIVE All Our Kin Animal Shelter Volunteers Arte Inc. Arts Council Artspace Beth El Keser Israel Big Brothers Big Sisters Bike New Haven Boys & Girls Club Cancer Support Chabad of Westville Chamber of Commerce Children’s Museum Christian Community Action City of New Haven CitySeed Citywide Youth Columbus House Community Action Agency Community Loan Fund Community Mediation ConnCAN Creative Arts Workshop CT BAEO CT Best Restaurants CT Tech Council Data Haven EcoWorks Elm City Cycling Elm Shakespeare Elmseed Empower NH Friends Of Wooster Sq. GAVA Gay Men’s Chorus GNH Community Chorus Habitat For Humanity Hill Health Center Info New Haven INFO NH Calendar IRIS Jazz Haven Jewish Federation Job Finder Junta Labor History Lawyer Finder LEAP Legal Aid Network Liberty Safe Haven Life Haven Literacy Coalition Magrisso Forte Mary Wade Music Haven Neighborhood Music School New Haven 828 New Haven Chorale New Haven Farms New Haven Museum New Haven Reads New Life Corp. New Reach NH Bird Club NH Land Trust NH Symphony NH/Leon Sister City NHS On The Road To Greenness Orchard Street Shul Orchestra NE PAR Parents Available to Help Pat Dillon Peace News PechaKucha Planned Parenthood Police Promoting Enduring Peace Public Allies CT Public Library Public Schools Public Works Rainbow Girls Register Calendar REX ROOF SAMA SCRCOG SCSU Events Share Our Voices Shubert Solar Youth Soul-O-Ettes Squash Haven United Way Urban Design League Urban Resources Initiative W. Square Blossoms Water Authority West Rock Trails Westville Renaissance Westville Synagogue What Now New Haven Workforce Alliance Yale Events YMCA Youth Continuum menu Login New Haven Independent Login Form username Auto-login on future visits password Forgot your password? submit× Info & Contact About New Haven Independent Online Journalism Project Contact Site Policies Donate Donate New Haven Independent Branford Eagle Valley Independent Sentinel La Voz Search:submit NHI Info & Contact About New Haven Independent Online Journalism Project Contact Site Policies Donate Extra Extra Sections Arts & Culture Architecture Books Dance Dining Film Music Poetry Theater TV/Radio Visual Arts Black Lives Matter Business/ Economic Development Citizen Contributions City Hall Environment Food Gay Rights Hamden Health Higher Ed Hometown Heroes Housing Immigrants International La Voz Hispana Labor Legal Writes LGBTQ Media Nanotech Neighborhoods Opinion Parks Politics Presidential Campaign Recession Religion Schools Science/ Medical Serials Social Services Sports State Transportation Wedding Announcements WNHH Radio Neighborhoods Amity/ Beverly Hills Beaver Hills Bishop Woods/ Q Meadows Cedar Hill Chatham Square City Point Dixwell Downtown Dwight East Rock Prospect Hill Edgewood Fair Haven Goatville Jocelyn Square Kimberly Square Long Wharf Mill River Morris Cove Newhallville Ninth Square Quinnipiac River Village The Annex The Heights The Hill Trowbridge Square Upper State Street West Hills West River West Rock Westville Whalley Wooster Square Features 1 Day, 3 Neighborhoods 24 Hours Campaign 2013 Campaign 2014 Campaign 2015 Campaign 2016 Chef Of The Week City Budget Commuter Diary Cop of the Week Crystal Clear CT Bus Diaries Davis Street School EyeShow Gardener Of The Week Jobs Pipeline Look Here Made In New Haven News From The Pews Object Lessons Occupy Wall Street Prison Diaries Revaluation School Reform Superstorm Sandy True Vote Truth-O-Meter Winter Storm Juno Winter Storm Nemo Working Mom's Diary WNHH Radio Alisa Bowens' Culture Cocktail Aliyya Swaby In Transit All of Us Artbeat Betsy Kim Law, Life & Culture Bregamos Brian Slattery Northern Remedy Cannoli Knish Sports Hour Chai Haven Community Spotlight Cyd Oppenheimer Book Talk Duo Dickinson Design Czar Grounded Joe Ugly Kica's Corner Literary Happy Hour LoveBabz LoveTalk Lucy Gellman Kitchen Sync Marcia Chambers Legal Eagle Markley Winfield Mayor Monday Michelle Turner The Show Mornings With Mubarakah Norma Rodriguez | K Pasa OneWorld Presents Open For Business Out & About Paul Bass Dateline New Haven Restless Radio SeeClickFix Radio Shafiq Abdussabur Urban Talk Radio Sharon Benzoni At The Moment The Sam Gejdenson Show The Table Underground The Tom Ficklin Show This Day in New Haven History Tom Breen Deep Focus Valley Navel Gazing Valley Sports Rewind Legal Notices Agency On Aging Board of Alders Housing Authority City Clerk Other Probate Some Favorite Sites Aaron Kotowski At Risk for HD barista Branford Eagle Business NH Chris Volpe Photography Crosscut CT Capitol Report CT Mirror CT News Junkie CT Watchdog Design New Haven Gotham Gazette I Love New Haven Josiah Brown Karman Turn La Voz Hispana Laurel Club Media Nation Middletown Eye MinnPost My Left Nutmeg New Haven Urbanism NH Register NH Review of Books NHV.org OneWorld Only In Bridgeport Oral History Project Reddit NH Saved By Design See Click Fix Smartpill Design St. Louis Beacon Taste Of NH Valley Independent Sentinel Voice of SD VT Digger WTNH Yale Daily News Government/ Community Links ‘r Kids Family Center Agency on Aging AIDS Project NH ALIVE All Our Kin Animal Shelter Volunteers Arte Inc. Arts Council Artspace Beth El Keser Israel Big Brothers Big Sisters Bike New Haven Boys & Girls Club Cancer Support Chabad of Westville Chamber of Commerce Children’s Museum Christian Community Action City of New Haven CitySeed Citywide Youth Columbus House Community Action Agency Community Loan Fund Community Mediation ConnCAN Creative Arts Workshop CT BAEO CT Best Restaurants CT Tech Council Data Haven EcoWorks Elm City Cycling Elm Shakespeare Elmseed Empower NH Friends Of Wooster Sq. GAVA Gay Men’s Chorus GNH Community Chorus Habitat For Humanity Hill Health Center Info New Haven INFO NH Calendar IRIS Jazz Haven Jewish Federation Job Finder Junta Labor History Lawyer Finder LEAP Legal Aid Network Liberty Safe Haven Life Haven Literacy Coalition Magrisso Forte Mary Wade Music Haven Neighborhood Music School New Haven 828 New Haven Chorale New Haven Farms New Haven Museum New Haven Reads New Life Corp. New Reach NH Bird Club NH Land Trust NH Symphony NH/Leon Sister City NHS On The Road To Greenness Orchard Street Shul Orchestra NE PAR Parents Available to Help Pat Dillon Peace News PechaKucha Planned Parenthood Police Promoting Enduring Peace Public Allies CT Public Library Public Schools Public Works Rainbow Girls Register Calendar REX ROOF SAMA SCRCOG SCSU Events Share Our Voices Shubert Solar Youth Soul-O-Ettes Squash Haven United Way Urban Design League Urban Resources Initiative W. Square Blossoms Water Authority West Rock Trails Westville Renaissance Westville Synagogue What Now New Haven Workforce Alliance Yale Events YMCA Youth Continuum Help Needed Replacing Toys by Staff | Dec 19, 2016 7:36 am Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author Posted to: Citizen Contributions, How To Help The following was submitted by Metashar Dillon, chairman of the Kingdom International Economic Development Corporation (KIEDC). In partnership with the late Mae Ola Riddick’s M.O.R. Foundation and the New Haven Police Department (NHPD), CEO of the Kingdom International Economic Development Corporation (KIEDC), Metashar Dillon, is proud to announce the 2016 Christmas Toy Drive and Hat and Coat Giveaway. KIEDC is in full swing to collect toys, coats, hats, and food for the Christmas Holiday Giveaway in New Haven, CT. Last year the hardworking nonprofit experienced a great loss when someone stole all of the toys from the warehouse! However, community leaders like Jim Travers from the United Way, Walmart Corporate leadership, and Rodney A. Butler, Chairman of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation stepped in and saved the day, providing the means to still meet the needs of thousands of Connecticut families in need during the holiday. KIEDC/MOR/NHPD will be collecting toys at Walmart (315 Foxon Blvd, New Haven, CT 06513), Monday and Tuesday December 19-20, 2017 from 10 AM to 3:00 PM. The officers will be on site to “stuff the cruisers” in support of the Holiday giveaway with the goal to collect toys for over 3,500 children. Food, coats, hats, and warm winter wear is also need for school age children. “The need for food provisioning has been overwhelming this year, so many people and agencies that service the community is calling on us for help during this season.” Metashar Dillon said. “We have received requests from high schools of kids showing up without coats, as well as higher than normal absentee rates for kids not coming to school because of warm clothing. We need the community’s help to meet the needs.” Items for the holiday drive can be dropped off at the New Haven Police Headquarters on 1 Union Ave New Haven, CT or the New Haven Police Substation, 26 Charles Street in New Haven, CT. The distribution dates are as follows: Items will be packaged and distributed on Monday-Wednesday, December 19th-21st, from 12 pm-7pm. The distribution pick up location will ONLY be at the New Haven Police Substation, 26 Charles Street in New Haven, CT. To register for the holiday drives go to the website: www.KIEDC.com and click on the Holiday Registration Link. More volunteer assistance and help is needed to make the KIEDC/ MOR/ NHPD 2016 Christmas Toy, Coat, Hat & Food Drive a success. Please go to the donate link on the website to contribute to the cause. Please call (860) 785-4332 to sign up to donate food and/or volunteer to help with the event. Connect with us on social media on the KIEDC Facebook fan page, Twitter or Instagram.” Your Email: Subject: Message: 
Sent: Jan 6, 2017  8:59 pm Please enter the word you see in the image below: submit × Share this story with others. Share | Post a Comment Commenting has closed for this entry There were no comments Events Calendar loading… SeeClickFix » Municipal Trash Bins Needed Jan 6, 2017 8:19 pm Address: Anthony Street And Fountain New Haven, CT Rating: 4 In addition to road traffic, there is extensive foot traffic on Fountain Street and a...more » Parking Violation/Abandoned Auto Jan 6, 2017 6:38 pm Address: 35-99 Goffe Terrace New Haven, Connecticut Rating: 3 Car with CT plate has been there for several days in no parking zone...maybe subaru...more » PosterWallAdd your Poster News Feeds N.H.I. RSS 2.0 Feed N.H.I. Atom Feed Sponsors N.H.I. Site Design & Development smartpill design ©2005 – 2017 New Haven Independent site: smartpilldesign
Subscribe to Newton Daily News 10°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local State Nation and World Newsletter Progress Election Central Sports Sports Home Local Professional Pro Football Weekly Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Records Records Home Obituaries Police Reports Corrections Jasper Life Opinion Opinion Home Guest Columnists Editorials Letters Columnists Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Home & Garden Tech Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Video News Video Live Video Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Press Release Letters to the Editor Subscribe to the Newton Daily News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Contact Coupons Daily Deals e-Edition Follow Us Forms Place an Ad Printing Special Sections Subscribe Subscriber Services Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Records Opinion Newsletter Lifestyle Events Video Photos Contests Share More TextAlerts Classified Jobs Shop with a Cop events bring holiday joy to local children Published: Monday, Dec. 19, 2016 11:04 a.m. CST • Updated: Monday, Dec. 19, 2016 11:38 a.m. CST Caption(Jamee A. Pierson/Daily News) The toy section, where Treyton Lester was looking at a potential present with Lt. Wayne Winchell, was a popular area for shopping during the Shop with a Cop event on Saturday. Caption(Jamee A. Pierson/Daily News) Officer Julie Britton helps her special shopper keep track of how much he has spent during the Shop with a Cop event on Saturday. Caption(Jamee A. Pierson/Daily News) Newton Police Chief Rob Burdess and Lizzy Hildebrand split wrapping duties to make the work go quicker during the Shop with a Cop event on Saturday. By Jamee A. Pierson Newton Daily News Nine special shoppers made their way through the Newton Walmart Saturday with their own personal shopping assistants to gather gifts for family and friends. Those shoppers were children participating in the Shop with a Cop event, which is in its 11th year of partnership with the Newton Police Department. Each child was given $100 and could spend $25 on themselves with the remaining $75 going toward presents for their family members. Many kids headed straight for the toy section but others meandered through the store, even taking advantage of the clearance section to get the most bang for their buck. With the kids, were their NPD assistants who helped keep track of their total costs and gave helpful suggestions for those hard-to-buy-for members of the family. The officers, who volunteered to take part in the event, followed as the kids moved around the store, putting items in the cart, and sometimes changed their minds once a more desirable piece of merchandise came their way. “Everyone here volunteers on their own free time,” NPD officer and event organizer Jon Schuler said. “We had a really good turn out, it’s nice and it really isn’t too hard to get volunteers, they usually sign right up.” Once the kids had their carts full, they headed to the check-out where Walmart had goodies on hand including juice and donuts waiting as they paid for their items. From there, everyone headed to the Masonic Lodge where they wrapped their gifts, had lunch and even got a surprise visit from Santa Claus, who brought presents. “This year we partnered with Montana Mikes to cater all of the food. It is nice for them to come up here, the facility at the Masonic Lodge is great,” Schuler said. “Hopefully we’ll be able to do it for another 10 or 12 more years.” The United Way of Jasper County and the Masonic Lodge were also key sponsors of the annual shopping spree. As the event wrapped up, kids cuddled their new treasures and talked about how their family members might react when they open their presents on Christmas morning. “This is our 11th year and once again a very successful event, all of the kids enjoyed themselves,” NPD Chief Rob Burdess said. “As always it is really good to see the smiles on the kids’ faces and their ability to not only get some things that are important to them like coats and hats but also emphasize the part of giving so they can give to family, brothers and sisters, moms and dads.” Contact Jamee A. Pierson at 641-792-3121 ext. 6534 or jpierson@newtondailynews.com More News Community stakeholders continue budget requests for cityJan. 6, 2017 - 10:30 am ‘Healing Touch’ secured as community sculptureJan. 6, 2017 - 11:11 am Berg Middle School loses student to suicideJan. 6, 2017 - 10:37 am The heat is on at Newton libraryJan. 6, 2017 - 10:38 am NCSD Board reconvenes MondayJan. 6, 2017 - 10:27 am Calling for student artist: Annual Junior Duck Stamp contest returnsJan. 6, 2017 - 10:26 am Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Newton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Newton Lawn Services Lawyers in Newton Shopping in Newton Travel to Newton Tanning in Newton Used Cars in Newton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 Newton Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published in Newton, Iowa, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Red Cross, WBRC FOX6 News team up to host blood drive; find a bl - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WBRC FOX6 News LIVE & REPLAY Delays and Closings Live Video & Events Call for Action Seen on TV Absolutely Alabama Traffic Tracker WBRC Road Warrior Gas Prices Contests Mickey's Weather Kids Editorials Recipes Finding Forever Families News Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Delays and Closings WBRC Weather App Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Raycom Media Camellia Bowl Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Holidays Pets Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV WBRC FOX6 News LIVE & REPLAY Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Red Cross, WBRC FOX6 News team up to host blood drive; find a blood drive near you 2016-12-19T23:34:00Z2016-12-27T21:53:15Z By WBRC Staff Email Connect web@wbrc.com Follow @WBRCnews Source: WBRC video (Source: WBRC) (Source: WBRC) BIRMINGHAM, AL (WBRC) - The American Red Cross is holding several blood drives through January. They say this is a time when more donations are needed because of a usual drop in the donation supply during the holiday season. WBRC FOX6 News is teaming up with the Red Cross for two special blood drives. At these events only, a toy will be bought for a child in need for every pint of blood that is donated. The first is Dec. 20 from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the Wynfrey Hotel at the Riverchase Galleria in Hoover. The second one will be held Dec. 28 from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the University Mall at 1701 East McFarland Boulevard in Tuscaloosa. You can make an appointment to give blood through the Red Cross Blood Donor app, at redcrossblood.org or by calling 1-800-733-2767. “Many of us celebrate this time of year with loved ones, but patients may spend the holidays and ring in the new year from a hospital room,” said Red Cross Blood Services Communications Director Nick Gehrig. “Blood and platelet donors can bring joy to patients and their families by giving blood or platelets to help ensure patients receive the lifesaving treatments they need.” Donors who participate in one of the blood drives listed below will received a long-sleeved Red Cross shirt while supplies last. Birmingham metro area 12/22/2016: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 12/22/2016: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 12/23/2016: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 12/23/2016: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 12/24/2016: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 12/26/2016: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 12/26/2016: 12 - 6 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 12/27/2016: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 12/27/2016: 12 - 6 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 12/28/2016: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 12/29/2016: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 12/29/2016: 1 - 6 p.m., Walmart, 630 Colonial Promenade Parkway, Alabaster 12/29/2016: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 12/30/2016: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 12/30/2016: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 12/31/2016: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/2/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/2/2017: 12 - 6 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/3/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/4/2017: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m., Alabama Power Corporate, 600 18th St. North, Birmingham 1/4/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/4/2017: 1 - 6 p.m., Shelby Elementary School, 19099 Highway 145, Shelby 1/5/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/5/2017: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/5/2017: 3 - 7 p.m., Shelby County High School, 101 Washington St., Columbiana 1/6/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/6/2017: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/6/2017: 2 - 7 p.m., First Baptist Church of Columbiana, 208 North Main St., Columbiana 1/7/2017: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/8/2017: 7:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m., Bluff Park United Methodist, 733 Valley St., Birmingham 1/9/2017: 9 a.m. - 2 p.m., Mayer Electric Supply Co., 3405 4th Ave. South, Birmingham 1/9/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/9/2017: 12 - 6 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/10/2017: 12 - 4 p.m., Walmart, 1555 Pelham Highway South, Pelham 1/10/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/10/2017: 12 - 6 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/11/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/11/2017: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., University of Alabama at Birmingham, 920 16th St. South, Birmingham 1/12/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/12/2017: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., University of Alabama at Birmingham, 920 16th St. South, Birmingham 1/12/2017: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/13/2017: 10:30 a.m. - 4 p.m., UAB Medical Center - North Pavilion, 1802 6th Ave. S, Birmingham 1/13/2017: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/14/2017: 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m., Caldwell Trace Donor Center, 700 Caldwell Trace, Birmingham 1/15/2017: 8 a.m. - 1 p.m., Our Lady of Sorrows Homewood, 1728 Oxmoor Road, Homewood East Alabama 12/22/2016: 1 - 7 p.m., Gadsden Mall Premiere Cinemas, 1001 Rainbow Drive, Gadsden 12/23/2016: 12 - 5 p.m., Quintard Mall, 700 Quintard Ave., Oxford 12/26/2016: 12 - 5 p.m., Quintard Mall, 700 Quintard Ave., Oxford 12/26/2016: 3 - 7 p.m., YMCA of the Coosa Valley, 100 Walnut St., Gadsden 12/28/2016: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m., Piedmont Rescue Squad, 121 West Ladiga, Piedmont 1/2/2017: 12 - 5 p.m., Quintard Mall, 700 Quintard Ave., Oxford 1/3/2017: 11:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m., American Red Cross Etowah County Chapter, 405 South First St., Gadsden 1/9/2017: 12 - 5 p.m., Quintard Mall, 700 Quintard Ave., Oxford 1/11/2017: 8:30 a.m. - 2 p.m., White Plains High School, 250 White Plains Road, Anniston 1/12/2017: 8 a.m. - 1 p.m., Randolph-Roanoke Career Technology Center, 960 Main St. South, Wedowee West Alabama  1/2/2017: 12 - 5 p.m., University Mall, 1701 McFarland Blvd. E, Tuscaloosa 1/4/2017: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., Gordo City Hall, 25226 Highway 82, Gordo 1/8/2017: 1 - 6 p.m., Circlewood Baptist Church, 2201 Loop Road, Tuscaloosa 1/9/2017: 9 a.m. - 2 p.m., Randall-Reilly, 3200 Rice Mine Road, NE, Tuscaloosa 1/10/2017: 1 - 6 p.m., Pickens County Medical Center, 241 Robert K. Wilson Drive, Carrollton 1/10/2017: 12 - 5 p.m., University Mall, 1701 McFarland Blvd. E, Tuscaloosa North central Alabama 12/24/2016: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m., Walmart, 2453 2nd Ave. E, Oneonta 12/27/2016: 12 - 4 p.m., North Broad Street Church of Christ, 308 North Broad St., Albertville 12/28/2016: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., American Red Cross Walker County Chapter, 1101 Viking Drive, Jasper 1/3/2017: 12 - 4 p.m., Fayette Medical Center, 1653 Temple Ave., Fayette 1/4/2017: 2 - 7 p.m., Walmart, 626 Olive St., Cullman 1/5/2017: 11 a.m. - 3 p.m., Northwest Medical Center, 1530 US Highway 43, Winfield 1/13/2017: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., Double Springs Municipal, 64 Main St., Double Springs?? Copyright 2016 WBRC. All rights reserved.  NewsMore>> Breaking FIRST ALERT UPDATE: A winter storm warning has been expanded, sleet is already starting to fall in a few areas FIRST ALERT UPDATE: A winter storm warning has been expanded, sleet is already starting to fall in a few areas Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:30 AM EST2017-01-06 11:30:50 GMT (Source: WBRC weather) FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY:  We have a much better handle on this forecast and will break down what we expect by time of day and region. More >> FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY:  We have a much better handle on this forecast and will break down what we expect by time of day and region. More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:44 PM EST2017-01-07 01:44:58 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> breaking EMA requesting drivers stay off roads in several AL counties EMA requesting drivers stay off roads in several AL counties Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:18 PM EST2017-01-07 01:18:46 GMT Source: Raycom Media Emergency management officials are asking drivers to stay off the roads in Cleburne, Pickens and Randolph counties overnight.  More >> Emergency management officials are asking drivers to stay off the roads in Cleburne, Pickens and Randolph counties overnight. More >> News Some flights out of Birmingham are being canceled Some flights out of Birmingham are being canceled Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:18 PM EST2017-01-06 23:18:02 GMT Source: Raycom Media We're monitoring conditions at Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport where some flights are still slated to leave on time but more than half a dozen have been canceled. More >> We're monitoring conditions at Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport where some flights are still slated to leave on time but more than half a dozen have been canceled.More >> Cullman PD sees man driving on wrong side of road, arrests him on drug charges Cullman PD sees man driving on wrong side of road, arrests him on drug charges Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 4:39 PM EST2017-01-06 21:39:51 GMT Cullman police arrested a man Thursday on drug charges. More >> Cullman police arrested a man Thursday on drug charges.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
CLOSE Government District of Columbia Government Mayor Muriel Bowser Announcements Maryland Government Senator Cardin’s Announcements Congressman Cumming’s Announcements Congresswoman Edwards’ Announcement Congressman Sarbane’s Announcements Governor Hogan’s Announcements Lieutenant Rutherford’s Announcements Comptroller Franchot’s Announcements Mayor Rawlings-Blake’s Announcements President Young’s Announcements National 2016 National Urban League Conference NABJ – National Association of Black Journalist Conference DNC 2016 AFRO Black History 2016: Hallowed Grounds: Sites of African American Memories 2015 Million Man March – “Justice or Else” AFRO’s 45th Annual CBCF Annual Legislative Coverage Maryland Baltimore News Baltimore Events Living for the Weekend Rambling Rose Obituaries – Baltimore Prince George’s County News Washington Washington D.C. News DC Events Obituaries – Washington D.C. Sports College High School Sports Columnists Health BHTV Health Videos Arts & Ent Social Scene Books Movie Reviews BUSINESS AFRO Advertise With Us Subscriptions OPINION Editorial Commentary Cartoons Religion AME 50th Quadrennial Session Archives AFRO GadoImages AFRO ProQuest Friday, January 6, 2017 Baltimore News Washington D.C. News Prince George’s County News Government District of Columbia Government Mayor Muriel Bowser Announcements Maryland Government Senator Cardin’s Announcements Congressman Cumming’s Announcements Congresswoman Edwards’ Announcement Congressman Sarbane’s Announcements Governor Hogan’s Announcements Lieutenant Rutherford’s Announcements Comptroller Franchot’s Announcements Mayor Rawlings-Blake’s Announcements President Young’s Announcements National 2016 National Urban League Conference NABJ – National Association of Black Journalist Conference DNC 2016 AFRO Black History 2016: Hallowed Grounds: Sites of African American Memories 2015 Million Man March – “Justice or Else” AFRO’s 45th Annual CBCF Annual Legislative Coverage Maryland Baltimore News Baltimore Events Living for the Weekend Rambling Rose Obituaries – Baltimore Prince George’s County News Washington Washington D.C. News DC Events Obituaries – Washington D.C. Sports College High School Sports Columnists Health BHTV Health Videos Arts & Ent Social Scene Books Movie Reviews BUSINESS AFRO Advertise With Us Subscriptions OPINION Editorial Commentary Cartoons Religion AME 50th Quadrennial Session Archives AFRO GadoImages AFRO ProQuest Home Commentary TEAR DOWN THAT FENCE: A TALE OF URBAN FARMS & THE BARRIERS IN THEIR WAY by: Dr. Dwane Jones Special to the AFRO / (LinkedIn Photo) / December 19, 2016 0 108 tweet When applied to scenic farms nestled in quiet rural country-sides, the maxim “good fences make good neighbors” might ring true. But that’s not always the case when you’re trying to build an urban farm. As essential as they can be, we actually find more than a few barriers in their way.   DWANE JONES, PH.D. I’ve been thinking quite a bit about fences and barriers in my role as Director of the University of the District of Columbia’s Center for Sustainable Development & Resilience inside the Columbia College of Agriculture, Urban Sustainability, and Environmental Sciences. We call it “CAUSES” for short. In that role, I work on introducing urban agriculture to some of Washington, D.C.’s most disadvantaged neighborhoods. Given the large amount of vacant properties and unused space in many underserved urban areas (cities like Baltimore and Detroit come to mind), it may sound easy.  But it’s not. Case in point: In 2015, CAUSES leased three acres of vacant property directly across the street from a Metro stop in D.C.’s struggling Ward 7 to construct the East Capitol Urban Farm. A partnership between several agencies and organizations, East Capitol Urban Farm is the District’s largest-scale urban agriculture and aquaponics facility. It’s an ambitious effort to bring healthy produce to an underserved area of the District. We began planning the project in early 2015. During the University’s initial site visit, the first order of business was to determine how we would actually walk the vacant parcel — considering the 8-foot high chain link fence surrounding it. Residential properties surround the site on the south and west. The Capitol Heights Metro stop is on the east and a vacant parcel is to the north. That parcel, incidentally, was under construction at the time for use by Wal-Mart. That project was shelved at the lot stayed empty. What seemed like a straightforward walk through the site became much more complicated since we didn’t have a key to the gate. Searching for a way in, the team eventually climbed over a wall and through a small opening to access the site. But the physical barrier of the fence and our valiant attempts at scaling it led to much deeper questions. What social implications did such a fence have in Ward 7? What was the purpose of erecting it? How was it interpreted or perceived by the community? We came to realize that the chain link fence, while probably erected as a safety measure, sent a powerful message of exclusion to people in the neighborhood. It’s a message that echoes the larger story of access and food security in places like Ward 7. For a long time, society has sent a message (intentional or not) to underrepresented populations that fresh, local produce, as well as access to community-oriented landscapes, is out of reach – or, at best, a real challenge to access.  The nature of fencing, in this case, may play a role in how the urban farm is perceived and utilized. So, in our first major site planning for East Capitol Urban Farm, when someone asked “Where do we start?” I couldn’t help but recall those now-famous words from former President Ronald Reagan’s 1987 speech to West Berliners: “Tear down that wall!” I quickly responded: “Let’s tear down the fence. It sends the message to keep out or stay away. “That’s the very opposite of what we intend.” Rather than continue limiting community access, we eventually erected a 4-ft. high wrought iron fence to encompass a portion of the farm which set a boundary around the different zones contained within the space. Since then, the gates are always unlocked and the community has access to the farm from sunrise to sunset, seven days a week. East Capitol Urban Farm is now embraced, supported, and operated by its community. Removing barriers has afforded Ward 7 residents the opportunity to: plant over 3,600 produce plants; operate 70 garden spaces; engage over 300 D.C. Public School Students in over 2,500 hours of trade learning; launch a Farmers Market; and employ (part-time) three residents and three UDC students. As an urban planner and designer, I’ve always had a certain fascination with neighborhoods and communities, and the boundaries that surround and define them. I particularly remember those early years of my undergraduate program in Urban Planning at East Carolina University in Greenville, N.C., where we dissected scholarly articles on the pros and cons of “gated communities”— surrounded by fences that act as barriers to the larger world. In the case of East Capitol Urban Farm, the fence merely delineates a boundary, a line that outlines the zones of each portion of the farm. It does not represent limitations on a better quality of life. For the people of Ward 7, this is a very crucial and important distinction that removes one barrier at a time. DWANE JONES, PH.D. is the Director of the Center for Sustainable Development and Resilience, a division of the University of the District of Columbia College of Agriculture, Urban Sustainability, and Environmental Sciences. Dr. Jones conducts research and teaches courses in Urban Sustainability, Urban Design, Urban Planning and Low Impact Development. He is a member of the Urban Resilience Project. More at http://islandpress.org/urp or by Twitter @IP_URP SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleObama Pardons 78, Shortens Sentence for 153 Others Next articleMayor: New Orleans Apologizes and Settles Hurricane Katrina Police Shooting Suits Special to the AFRO RELATED ARTICLES Afro Briefs Judge Rebukes Four Black Suspects in Beating of Disabled White Man in Chicago Afro Briefs FBI: Roof Displaying Racist Symbols even During Trial Baltimore News Tonight: AFRO’s First Edition with Sean Yoes, Friday, January 6. NO COMMENTS AFRO BRIEFS Judge Rebukes Four Black Suspects in Beating of Disabled White Man... Afro Briefs January 6, 2017 FBI: Roof Displaying Racist Symbols even During Trial Afro Briefs January 6, 2017 Police: Charges ‘Soon’ in Chicago Beating of White ‘Mentally Challenged’ Victim... Afro Briefs January 5, 2017 Jury: Chicago Hobos Gang Leaders Guilty of Racketeering Afro Briefs January 4, 2017 Police End NAACP Sit-in Against Attorney General Nominee Afro Briefs January 3, 2017 White Teen Faces Charges over Alleged Racist Video of Black Teen Afro Briefs January 3, 2017 Signup for AFRO eBlast Phone: 800-AFRO-892 (800-237-6892) Fax: 877-570-9297 Baltimore, MD Office 2519 North Charles Street Baltimore, MD 21218 Voice: 410-554-8200 Washington, DC Office 1816 12th Street NW Washington, DC 20009 Phone: 202-332-0080 Contact us: [email protected] TRENDING ARTICLES GOP Congressman Seeks to Block Switch to Harriet Tubman $20 Bill National News June 21, 2016 Father’s Day Tributes – Baltimore Baltimore News June 19, 2016 White Supremacist Heads Mostly Minority School Afro Briefs August 3, 2011 AFRO-American Newspapers The Atlanta Voice The Chicago Citizen The Dallas Weekly Defender (Houston) Indianapolis Recorder Philadelphia Tribune St. Louis American New York Amsterdam News CONTACT US ADVERTISE with the AFRO Privacy Policy Subscribe © Copyright 2016 - The AFRO-American Newspapers Press f for fullscreen.
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Commentary Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations BATTLEFIELD AMERICA How would radical Jesus fare in U.S. police state? John W. Whitehead examines Christ's life had he been born in America in 2016 Published: 12/19/2016 at 6:32 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print By John W. Whitehead Jesus is too much for us. The church’s later treatment of the gospels is one long effort to rescue Jesus from “extremism.” – author Gary Wills, “What Jesus Meant” Jesus was good. He was caring. He had powerful, profound things to say – things that would change how we view people, alter government policies and change the world. He went around helping the poor. And when confronted by those in authority, he did not shy away from speaking truth to power. Jesus was born into a police state not unlike the growing menace of the American police state. But what if Jesus, the revered preacher, teacher, radical and prophet, had been born 2,000 years later? How would Jesus’ life have been different had he be born and raised in the American police state? Consider the following if you will. The Christmas narrative of a baby born in a manger is a familiar one. The Roman Empire, a police state in its own right, had ordered that a census be conducted. Joseph and his pregnant wife, Mary, traveled to the little town of Bethlehem so they could be counted. There being no room for the couple at any of the inns, they stayed in a stable, where Mary gave birth to a baby boy. That boy, Jesus, would grow up to undermine the political and religious establishment of his day and was eventually crucified as a warning to others not to challenge the powers-that-be. However, had Jesus been born in the year 2016 … Rather than traveling to Bethlehem for a census, Jesus’ parents would have been mailed a 28-page American Community Survey, a mandatory government questionnaire documenting their habits, household inhabitants, work schedule, how many toilets are in their home, etc. The penalty for not responding to this invasive survey can go as high as $5,000. Instead of being born in a manger, Jesus might have been born at home. Rather than wise men and shepherds bringing gifts, however, the baby’s parents might have been forced to ward off visits from state social workers intent on prosecuting them for the home birth. One couple in Washington had all three of their children removed after social services objected to the two youngest being birthed in an unassisted home delivery. Had Jesus been born in a hospital, his blood and DNA would have been taken without his parents’ knowledge or consent and entered into a government biobank. While most states require newborn screening, a growing number are holding onto that genetic material long-term for research, analysis and purposes yet to be disclosed. Then again, had his parents been undocumented immigrants, they and the newborn baby might have been shuffled to a profit-driven, private prison for illegals, where they would have been turned into cheap, forced laborers for corporations such as Starbucks, Microsoft, Walmart and Victoria’s Secret. There’s quite a lot of money to be made from imprisoning immigrants, especially when taxpayers are footing the bill. From the time he was old enough to attend school, Jesus would have been drilled in lessons of compliance and obedience to government authorities, while learning little about his own rights. Had he been daring enough to speak out against injustice while still in school, he might have found himself tasered or beaten by a school resource officer, or at the very least suspended under a school zero-tolerance policy that punishes minor infractions as harshly as more serious offenses. Had Jesus disappeared for a few hours let alone days as a 12-year-old, his parents would have been handcuffed, arrested and jailed for parental negligence. Parents across the country have been arrested for far less “offenses” such as allowing their children to walk to the park unaccompanied and play in their front yard alone. Rather than disappearing from the history books from his early teenage years to adulthood, Jesus’ movements and personal data – including his biometrics – would have been documented, tracked, monitored and filed by governmental agencies and corporations such as Google and Microsoft. Incredibly, 95 percent of school districts share their student records with outside companies that are contracted to manage data, which they then use to market products to us. Our towns and cities have become battlefields, and we the American people are now the enemy combatants to be spied on, tracked, frisked, and searched. “Battlefield America: The War on the American People” is John W. Whitehead’s terrifying portrait of a nation at war with itself.  From the moment Jesus made contact with an “extremist” such as John the Baptist, he would have been flagged for surveillance because of his association with a prominent activist, peaceful or otherwise. Since 9/11, the FBI has actively carried out surveillance and intelligence-gathering operations on a broad range of activist groups, from animal rights groups to poverty relief, anti-war groups and other such “extremist” organizations. Jesus’ anti-government views would certainly have resulted in him being labeled a domestic extremist. Law-enforcement agencies are being trained to recognize signs of anti-government extremism during interactions with potential extremists who share a “belief in the approaching collapse of government and the economy.” While traveling from community to community, Jesus might have been reported to government officials as “suspicious” under the Department of Homeland Security’s “See Something, Say Something” programs. Many states, including New York, are providing individuals with phone apps that allow them to take photos of suspicious activity and report them to their state Intelligence Center, where they are reviewed and forwarded to law-enforcement agencies. Rather than being permitted to live as an itinerant preacher, Jesus might have found himself threatened with arrest for daring to live off the grid or sleeping outside. In fact, the number of cities that have resorted to criminalizing homelessness by enacting bans on camping, sleeping in vehicles, loitering and begging in public has doubled. Viewed by the government as a dissident and potential threat to its power, Jesus might have had government spies planted among his followers to monitor his activities, report on his movements and entrap him into breaking the law. Such Judases today – called informants – often receive hefty paychecks from the government for their treachery. Had Jesus used the Internet to spread his radical message of peace and love, he might have found his blog posts infiltrated by government spies attempting to undermine his integrity, discredit him or plant incriminating information online about him. At the very least, he would have had his website hacked and his email monitored. Had Jesus attempted to feed large crowds of people, he would have been threatened with arrest for violating various ordinances prohibiting the distribution of food without a permit. Florida officials arrested a 90-year-old man for feeding the homeless on a public beach. Had Jesus spoken publicly about his 40 days in the desert and his conversations with the devil, he might have been labeled mentally ill and detained in a psych ward against his will for a mandatory involuntary psychiatric hold with no access to family or friends. One Virginia man was arrested, strip searched, handcuffed to a table, diagnosed as having “mental health issues” and locked up for five days in a mental health facility against his will apparently because of his slurred speech and unsteady gait. Without a doubt, had Jesus attempted to overturn tables in a Jewish temple and rage against the materialism of religious institutions, he would have been charged with a hate crime. Currently, 45 states and the federal government have hate-crime laws on the books. Rather than having armed guards capture Jesus in a public place, government officials would have ordered that a SWAT team carry out a raid on Jesus and his followers, complete with flash-bang grenades and military equipment. There are upwards of 80,000 such SWAT team raids carried out every year, many on unsuspecting Americans who have no defense against such government invaders, even when such raids are done in error. Instead of being detained by Roman guards, Jesus might have been made to “disappear” into a secret government detention center where he would have been interrogated, tortured and subjected to all manner of abuses. Chicago police “disappeared” more than 7,000 people into a secret, off-the-books interrogation warehouse at Homan Square. Charged with treason and labeled a domestic terrorist, Jesus might have been sentenced to a life-term in a private prison where he would have been forced to provide slave labor for corporations or put to death by way of the electric chair or a lethal mixture of drugs. Either way, whether Jesus had been born in our modern age or his own, he still would have died at the hands of a police state. Indeed, as I show in my book “Battlefield America: The War on the American People,” what Jesus and other activists suffered in their day is happening to those who choose to speak truth to power today. Thus, we are faced with a choice: Remain silent in the face of evil or speak out against it. As Nobel Prize-winning author Albert Camus proclaimed: Perhaps we cannot prevent this world from being a world in which children are tortured. But we can reduce the number of tortured children. And if you don’t help us, who else in the world can help us do this? Constitutional attorney and author John W. Whitehead is founder and president of the Rutherford Institute. His latest book is “Battlefield America: The War on the American People.” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Why Christians should pray for Israel HOLLYWOOD VS. AMERICA Laura Hollis Entertainment biz: Damaging to children PERNICIOUS POLITICS Alan Keyes Is factionalism endangering the people's sovereignty? NEW WORLD DISORDER Patrick J. Buchanan Is liberal democracy an endangered species? CHANGING OF THE GUARD David Limbaugh Petty partisanship from an exiting Obama More Commentary » Deal of the Day Jonathan Cahn's 'The Book of Mysteries' – $4.95 today only! 'Revelations from heaven, answers to life's most enduring, age-old questions' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Winter storm to bring snow, ice on Saturday Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark City seeking input on affordable housing fund Airport rehearsal postponed for families of children with autism Sheriff’s detective, addict had affair Church offers shelter from cold Vancouver man pleads to lesser charges, released from prison Vancouver man sentenced in assault Missing man, 72, with dementia found safe ATV crash near Camas injures 2 Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark When Portland journalist Jacqueline Keeler arrived in North Dakota to write about and participate in protests against the Dakota Access… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines 73 rookies, Ryan, highlight revamped AP All-Pro Team Union boys No. 1 in 4A in WIAA’s first RPI basketball rankings High school scoreboard 1/6 Boys basketball: Kelso 68, Fort Vancouver 45 Boys basketball: Ridgefield 38, Hockinson 26 Boys basketball: Stevenson 54, Castle Rock 44 Boys basketball: Woodland 51, Columbia River 48 Big second quarter sends Prairie boys basketball past Hudson’s Bay Boys basketball: Seton Catholic 80, Columbia-White Salmon 63 Longtime Columbia River coach Ed Maxwell dies Winter recreation safety tip No. 1 Checking the weather forecast is vital, yet often neglected Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Classic car garage proposed in Hearthwood Boeing said close to $10.1 billion order from India carrier SpiceJet How much pot was sold in 2016? A lot Dow nears 20,000; higher wages boost stocks Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Big day at Black Rock Coffee U.S. adds 156K jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. Mexican Ford plant workers blame Trump for dashed dreams HUB brings its brews to east Vancouver Singletary: Resolve to look at retirement account Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Following a $90 million agreement with Boeing’s unmanned aerial vehicle subsidiary InSitu, an Australian company that makes engines for aerial… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Northwest Cable News set to go off air Friday night ‘Hidden Figures’ adds up to fantastic film Sandwiches swell at Tap Union Freehouse New on DVD: ‘Blair Witch’ a poor imitation Debbie Reynolds’ history, in her own words Political pets helped owners’ campaigns, delighted public on social media Angst Gallery male form exhibit takes thoughtful look at taboo Eight little-known tidbits about ‘Match Game’ Resolve to get fit while having fun ‘Better Late Than Never,’ ‘Bosch’ will be back Resolve to get fit while having fun Calories love us more than we love them. Even when we’re ready to call off the affair, they just don’t… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Help Mental Health Robinson: Critics, opponents of Trump part of ‘real America,’ too Letter: Should be seen, not heard Letter: Israeli aggression contemptible Letter: We the unincorporated Letter: Crack down on speed limits Letter: Protect water, reject terminals In Our View: Inevitable, Complex Taxes Parker: Roof seeks acceptance, glory from white supremacists Letter: Do not mess with Medicare Editorial Cartoons, Jan. 1-7 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Everybody Has a Story: At World’s Fair, a striptease show and an awkward question Ridgefield honors students, employee for December Love for Vancouver dog spreads throughout the world Rotary clubs team up to bring kids shopping Vancouver club donates to children’s hospital YWCA program receives national certification Students identify, create new animals in art Shelter volunteers wrap gifts for donations Everybody Has a Story: Truth about father deepens appreciation Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Authorities identify man killed in shootout with police By Associated Press Published: December 17, 2016, 5:34 PM A   A DALLAS, Ore. — Authorities Saturday identified a man police say shot a police officer in the leg before being shot and killed by police. At about 5:30 p.m. Friday, three Dallas police officers attempted to arrest Jeremiah N. Anderson, 36, in a Wal-Mart parking lot on suspicion of driving under the influence of intoxicants, Oregon State Police said in a statement. Police said Anderson resisted and fired at least two rounds, striking Sgt. Rob Hatchell in the leg. Hatchell and Officer Mike Fleming returned fire and struck Anderson, who died at the scene, police said. Fleming and Officer Aaron Mollahan, who was also present, were not injured. Authorities said Hatchell was treated at a hospital and released. All three officers have been placed on paid administrative leave. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Jackson County job numbers improve significantly in 2016 by George Jared. Published Dec 19th, 2016 5:10 pm gjared@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas It wasn’t long ago when Jackson County and its seat, Newport, were plagued with double digit unemployment rates, stagnant wage growth, and few economic opportunities for businesses to grow. Those trend lines reversed course in 2016, according to the U.S. Department of Labor. Jackson County’s unemployment rate dropped to from 7.5% in January to 5.3% in October. The number of employed workers in the county grew by almost 100 to 5,802, and the number of unemployed workers dropped from 467 to 325, a 30.4% decrease. In 2011, the county’s unemployment rate soared to almost 14% and remained consistently in double digits until two years ago. Jackson County had 17,333 residents in 2015, a 3.3% drop from 2010, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. About half its residents live in and around Newport. The median household income was $31,261 in 2015. The turnaround in Jackson County is directly related to the growth of companies in the region, Newport Economic Development Commission Executive Director Jon Chadwell told Talk Business & Politics. Newport also collects a ½-cent economic development sales tax that has helped companies hire workers in the city, he said. “Our jobs numbers have improved quite a bit in the last several years,” he said. “We have a cohesive leadership team at all levels of government and business in the area. It really helps.” During the last several years Shearer Foods has expanded its workforce from 145 employees to 485 employees. The company makes corn-based snack chips. It produces the Great Value line for Walmart U.S. stores. Southwest Steel Processing invested $18 million in its Newport facility during the second half of 2015, and hired an additional 100 workers raising its total employment to 220 workers. The company was formed as a partnership between Arkansas Steel Associates of Newport and Cleveland-based Park Ohio. The economic development sales tax generates about $750,000 per year. Half the tax is used to help companies and businesses with capital improvements, while the other half can be used to pay operations costs. Companies can petition the commission for a forgivable loan through the program. ASA has taken advantage of the program in the past. Loans are typically given on a per job basis, and the amount given is based on the jobs the company anticipates it will produce. Companies have job creation targets they must meet to fulfill the loan obligations. If the company meets its jobs quota in five years or less the loan is forgiven, Chadwell said. There have been times when little or no loans were doled, and the program has more than $2 million in reserves. The amount the commission can give is small in comparison to the expenses many of these companies have when creating a business or industry in the area, Chadwell said. It’s an extra incentive that encourages investment, and research indicates the city receives $38 in private investment for every $1 it issues through the forgivable loan program. “This is an investment for us. When those workers have jobs they spend money in the community, and it raises our sales tax, property tax, and other tax revenues,” he said. Newport and Jackson County have other enticements to lure businesses. Industries can dig their own water wells and there is easy access to railroad lines, highways, waterways, and other modes of transportation. The water availability is crucial in food processing, and those types of businesses have done well in Jackson County, he said. When Chadwell started his job with the commission 11 years ago, about 800 residents left the county each day to work and 700 traveled to the county to work. The same number still leave the county each day to work, but the number traveling to the county has skyrocketed to 2,000. An impetus has been placed on housing and apartment development to get those people to move into the area. Affordable housing is a serious issue in the area, and it will have to be addressed, he said. The commission is considering a program to buy houses and lots in dilapidated parts of the city, and offer them to developers. The developers would then only be out the cost of building a house or apartment on the property. It could alleviate the housing problem, it would lessen the risk for investors, and it would broaden the property tax base in Newport. The program is still under consideration. What’s the key to attracting industries to Newport and Jackson County? “We’ve got to get them to see themselves here and being successful here,” Chadwell said. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 0shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Calling the system an SOB Ancil Lea HIPAA audits and redacting Martin Thoma Can you brand sand? Justin Allen Abolishing the fiscal session and other possible constitutional amendments Mike Preston Fidel Castro is dead. What’s next? Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Roseville massage employee charged with allegedly assaulting customer Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Kim Kardashian West breaks silence on Paris heist: 'There's no way out' Ex-NBA player aims to build giant apartment complex in Brooklyn Center next Business 407506466 When you do the numbers, food packaging saves on waste Improvements increase time food can be offered before going to waste.  By Economist December 20, 2016 — 8:53am Richard Drew &#x2022; Associated Press Packaging of food does consume energy and resources. But activists hope the next frontier is efficiency and recycling in packaging. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Roughly a third of food produced — 1.3 billion tons of the stuff — never makes it from farm to fork, according to the U.N’s Food and Agriculture Organization. In the poor world, much of this waste occurs before consumers even set eyes on items. Pests feast on badly stored produce; potholed roads mean victuals rot on slow journeys to market. In the rich world, waste takes different forms: items that never get picked off supermarket shelves; food that is bought but then goes out of date. Such prodigious waste exacts multiple costs, from hunger to misspent cash. Few producers and processors record accurately what they throw away, and supermarkets resist sharing such information. But some estimates exist: retailers are reckoned to mark down or throw out about 2 percent to 4 percent of meat, for example. Even a tiny reduction in that amount can mean millions of dollars in savings for large chains. Waste also damages the environment. The amounts of water, fertilizer, fuel and other resources used to produce never-consumed food are vast. The emissions generated during the process of making wasted food exceeds those of Brazil in total. Squandering meat is particularly damaging: livestock account for more emissions than the world’s vehicle fleet. Consumption is also set to increase by three-quarters by the middle of the century as newly rich diners in China, India and elsewhere develop a taste for it. The U.N. wants to halve food waste per person in shops and in households by 2030 under its Sustainable Development Goals. Help is at hand in the sometimes squishy, see-through shape of packaging. Far from being the blight that green critics claim it is, food wrappings can in fact be an environmental boon. By more than doubling the time that some meat items can stay on shelves, for example, better packaging ensures that precious resources are used more efficiently. Planet and profits both benefit. J. Scott Applewhite &#x2022; Associated Press file Wrappings — that sometimes squishy, see-through packaging — can ensure resources are used more efficiently. Vacuum packaging helps enormously here (even though shoppers tend to prefer their cuts draped behind glass counters, or nestled on slabs of black polystyrene). The plastic packs, which prevent oxidation, mean meat can stay on shelves for between five and eight days, rather than two to four. It also makes it more tender. The equipment to vacuum-pack meat costs a few hundred thousand dollars, and its flimsier nature requires different methods of stacking. British retailers are pioneers when it comes to reducing waste through clever wrappings, said Ron Cotterman of Sealed Air, a U.S. packaging giant that works in more than 160 countries and whose clients include huge chains such as Wal-Mart and Kroger. J. Sainsbury, a British grocer which also works with Sealed Air, is already benefiting from a new approach. Jane Skelton, its head of packaging, said that in the past financial year the store reduced waste by more than half after moving more beefsteak lines into vacuum packing. Kroger now ensures that cheeses arrive at its deli counters in vacuum-packaged bags ready for slicing; Wal-Mart is searching for better ways to wrap meats. Packaging works wonders for customers, too. The resealable kind keeps certain dairy products fresher for far longer in customers’ fridges. The practice of packaging a lump of produce in portions allows the growing number of singletons to prepare exactly what they need and freeze the rest. Tesco, a British grocer, now offers chicken in pre-portioned packaging, for example. In 2016 the chain said it aimed to reach a point where no edible food would be binned from its stores by the end of 2017 — down from 59,400 tons a year now — with a little help from apps that allow charities to collect unwanted items. Longer-lasting products ought to mean fewer trips to the shops. But according to Liz Goodwin, a food-waste expert at the World Resources Institute, a think tank, half of the money shoppers save through better-lasting products winds up in retailers’ tills anyway. Aspiring cooks are more likely to buy premium items if they know they will use them before they spoil. Vacuum packs and other kinds of wrapping do themselves consume energy and resources in their manufacture. But they make more sense than letting food go to waste. Mark Little, who is in charge of reducing food waste at Tesco, points out that every ton of waste means the equivalent of 3.5 tons of carbon dioxide are released without purpose. In contrast, a ton of packaging causes emissions of 1 to 2 tons. This fact is insufficiently recognized by many rich-world retailers. Some supermarkets are trying to cut down on packaging because the common perception is that it is wasteful. But cutting the amount of plastic covering food makes no sense if products then spoil faster, said Simon Oxley of Marks and Spencer (another British retailer, which was among the first to start adopting vacuum-packaging a decade ago). The next frontier for the world of packaging, he said, is ensuring that as much of it can be reused as possible. That will be a challenge, however, given the hard-to-recycle layers of plastics that go into most vacuum packs. The hope is that rich-world adoption of more efficient packaging could encourage supermarkets in places such as China and Brazil, where retail chains are growing apace, to follow suit (even if issues of hygiene and refrigeration are more pressing concerns at the moment). By the middle of the century, when the U.N. projects the world’s population to be almost 9.7 billion people, nutrition needs mean that farms, food processors, shops and homes will need to use resources far more efficiently. Unpack the numbers, and it is clear that wrapping up well will help. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Reusse: Fleck was in the wind for Kaler and Coyle several weeks ago 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property 'Sly surprise' Watch P.J. Fleck take on a player at practice Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Survey finds broad racial disparity in how people view police Sculptor's print, drawing archives coming to Meijer Gardens After losing playoff control, Redskins left to wait and hope 1980s voting-fraud case likely topic at Sessions' hearing 10 Chinese men charged with drug smuggling in Australia More From Business Variety 9 minutes ago The Latest at CES: The challenges of robotic delivery The Latest at CES gadget show in Las Vegas (all times local): National 9 minutes ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone The FBI on Friday released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. Variety 17 minutes ago Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more The free show wilted away with the sale of the downtown Mpls. store. Business 34 minutes ago Multiple factors expected to pump up gas prices this year MILWAUKEE – A new U.S. president, global politics, a jaw-jabbering oil cartel, the largest initial public offering of stock ever and unanswered questions about… National 6:35pm EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colo. mine spill Nearly 540 tons of metals — mostly iron and aluminum — contaminated the Animas River over nine hours during a massive wastewater spill from an abandoned Colorado gold mine, the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday in a new report on the 2015 blowout that turned rivers in three states a sickly yellow. Top Stories 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP 6 minutes ago Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' 6:38pm Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say 5:28pm Most Read Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed • Business Delta cancels hundreds of flights amid shooting in Florida airport, ice storm in Atlanta • Business Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store • Business A pledge to go a year without buying anything new • Business Alexander: Here's why free Linux won't take over PCs in 2017 • Business World 3,000-year-old Iraqi city devastated by militants, left for looters Friendly ghosts haunt Swedish royal palace, queen says Nation South storm: Fender benders, food runs, disrupted inaugural Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Politics Dayton unveils $300M tax plan; GOP unveils health care bills No doubt Russia interfered in election, US intel chief says markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Vikings futures for vets Kalil, Newman, Robison toughest to project Listen: Five burning offseason questions for the Vikings Celebrities Schwarzenegger fires back after Trump chides him for low 'Apprentice' ratings Chris Brown to box Soulja Boy over social media feud Wolves Wolves forward Muhammad out tonight at Washington Obama to visiting Wolves: 'Play better defense' Wild Wild leads the West but don't mention All-Star Game to Boudreau Struggling Parise gets pep talk from Wild coach Boudreau poll Poll: Was firing Tracy Claeys the right decision by the University o... 10,000 Takes His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow What New Year's Eve has taught me about love, loss and life Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Year in multimedia: The best of 2016 05:08 Watch the highlights of the Star Tribune's top photos and video from 2016. Taste Muscles and manicotti: Twin Cities bodybuilder chef cooks up Performance Meals French onion soup serves up winter in a bowl – and you should make it yourself StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: journalstar.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $13.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Sections News Local News Crime and Courts Nebraska Government and Politics Legislature Business National Records Sports Husker Extra Life in the Red High School Stars Saltdogs Outdoors Star City Sports National sports news Obituaries Photos Mugshots Opinion Entertainment Dining Games & Puzzles Movies Music Performing Arts Calendar TV Listings Lifestyles Food and Cooking Home and Garden Faith and Values Star City Health Celebrate Nebraska! Puzzles L Magazine Neighborhood Extra Weather Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition Buy and Sell Buy & Sell Business Directory Today's Print Ads Today's Deal Coupons Weekly Ads Autos Homes Jobs Contacts Search Toggle navigation Menu Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 3° Lincoln, NE (68508) Today Mainly sunny. High 19F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 3F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 10:54 am Full Forecast News Huskers Obituaries Mugshots Buy & Sell Close 1 of 3 Nati Harnik As Nebraska Secretary of State John Gale, front center, watches, presidential elector John Dinkel, left, casts his vote for president with the other Nebraska electors waiting in line to vote during a ceremony at the state Capitol in Lincoln, Neb., Monday, Dec. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) Nati Harnik Korynne Bolt, background center, of Lincoln, asks members of the Nebraska Electoral College not vote for Donald Trump, during a public comment period before members of the college were to cast their votes for president, Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, in Lincoln, Neb. Bolt said she was afraid a Trump administration will make good on his promises to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act. Nebraska's five presidential electors stuck to their commitment to vote for Republican Trump. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) Nati Harnik Members of the Nebraska electoral college and Gov. Pete Ricketts, third from right, listen to Sect. of State John Gale, left, before the Electoral College cast their votes for president in a ceremony at the State Capitol in Lincoln, Neb., Monday, Dec. 19, 2016. Nebraska's five presidential electors stuck to their commitment to vote for Republican candidate Donald Trump. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) AP Nebraska's 5 presidential electors cast ballots for Trump By GRANT SCHULTE Associated Press Dec 19, 2016 (…) Nati Harnik As Nebraska Secretary of State John Gale, front center, watches, presidential elector John Dinkel, left, casts his vote for president with the other Nebraska electors waiting in line to vote during a ceremony at the state Capitol in Lincoln, Neb., Monday, Dec. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) Nati Harnik Korynne Bolt, background center, of Lincoln, asks members of the Nebraska Electoral College not vote for Donald Trump, during a public comment period before members of the college were to cast their votes for president, Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, in Lincoln, Neb. Bolt said she was afraid a Trump administration will make good on his promises to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act. Nebraska's five presidential electors stuck to their commitment to vote for Republican Trump. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) Nati Harnik Members of the Nebraska electoral college and Gov. Pete Ricketts, third from right, listen to Sect. of State John Gale, left, before the Electoral College cast their votes for president in a ceremony at the State Capitol in Lincoln, Neb., Monday, Dec. 19, 2016. Nebraska's five presidential electors stuck to their commitment to vote for Republican candidate Donald Trump. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — Nebraska's presidential electors stuck to their commitment Monday to support Republican Donald Trump despite pressure from thousands of people around the nation who implored them to vote for someone else. All five electors cast their votes in a ceremony at the Capitol with Gov. Pete Ricketts and Secretary of State John Gale. The electors had been expected to back Trump, who won the popular vote statewide and claimed a majority in all three of Nebraska's congressional districts. Democrat Hillary Clinton won the national popular vote but lost in the electoral college. Nebraska's electors have said they have been bombarded with emails, phone calls and snail-mail letters urging them not to vote from Trump. But a 2014 state law had already tied their hands, requiring at-large electors to vote for the statewide winner and district electors to vote for their congressional district's winner. Elector Chuck Conrad of Hastings said he received more than 200 snail mail letters a day in the week before Monday's vote, enough to fill three Wal-Mart bags. On Saturday, he counted 238, nine of which came from Nebraska residents. Most of the Nebraska letters were from Omaha and Lincoln, although Conrad said he received a few from smaller towns. "They were my constituents," said Conrad, an at-large elector. "Every Nebraska one, I would open." Elector John Dinkel of Norfolk said he believes Trump has done a "fantastic job" so far with his announced cabinet appointments, and voiced hope that the president-elect will eventually unite the country. "I just hope and pray his detractors will give him a chance, and for the sake of America, that they'll come around," said Dinkel, who represented the 1st Congressional District. Ricketts, who led the voting process, said in an interview earlier Monday that he supports the law requiring voters to reflect how the public voted. "It demonstrates that we are serious about our electors following the will of the people," said Ricketts, a Republican who endorsed Trump. "The people of Nebraska voted. They expect their wishes to be upheld." The vote came after protesters gathered at the Nebraska Capitol in a last-ditch effort to keep Trump from formally winning the presidency. About 40 people convened beneath the Capitol rotunda, some with signs that said "Elect the Real Winner" and "Don't Let Russia Trump America," a reference to Russia's efforts to sway the election. Some protesters later crowded into a hearing room where Ricketts held a news conference on an unrelated topic. Sign up for our daily news email The top headlines from JournalStar.com. Delivered at 11 a.m. Monday-Friday. Sign Up! Daily Headlines Top headlines from journalstar.com. Delivered at 11 a.m. Monday-Friday. Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Gloria Van Ackeren, 72, said the show of opposition was important to at least send a message that a large number of Americans don't believe Trump is fit to become president. Van Ackeren said she stands opposed to "his character, his judgments, his values and his choice of support team." Her husband, Eugene Van Ackeren, said he fears that Trump might take an authoritarian approach to government. Eugene Van Ackeren, 69, said the Electoral College should fulfill its role as a safeguard. "I'm just horrified," he said. "I feel like this is the end of our democracy." Korynne Bolt, 27, of Lincoln, said she was afraid a Trump administration will make good on his promises to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act. Bolt said her 25-year-old brother has cancer and is too sick to work, but his treatment costs an average of $40,000 a month. Bolt said Trump's surprise win has inspired her to become more active in politics. "I want people to know that it's not just some fringe group protesting," Bolt said. "This will affect people's lives." Tags Wire Nebraska State News Government And Politics United States Presidential Election Events Electoral College Elections Presidential Elections National Elections Voting International Relations 2016 United States Government Transition Cabinet Appointments And Nominations United States Government Transition Cabinets Government Appointments And Nominations Government Transitions National Governments Locations Nebraska United States North America Lincoln Latest news South Sioux City names interim school head Bill would restore voting rights immediately for felons who served their time Closing Whiteclay beer stores would 'scatter' problems, make things worse, area residents say After a little shouting, legislative committee assignments clear first test Sasse defends U.S. intelligence community Latest headlines Report: Technology, healthcare are top career fields in state in 2017 Fleck will row the boat to Minnesota NU hoops notes: Miles' prediction comes true Click through today's mugshots Family of woman who died suspiciously implore people to help investigators Businesses, consumers don't see eye to eye on state's economy Three and whew! Huskers outlast Hawkeyes in wild one at PBA Bill would restore voting rights immediately for felons who served their time Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Heartland of Nebraska Windows Ads Wolfe Electric 7121 Amanda Rd, Lincoln, NE 68507 Ads Greenleaf Properties 300 North 44th Street , Lincoln, NE 68503 Ads Steve Lang Insurance Agency, Inc. 1401 North 66th St. Suite 206, Lincoln, NE 68505 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Bryant, Katt & Associates, PC Keep your payroll efficient and effective with Bryant, Katt, and Associates, P.C. Call us today! (402) 486-1040 Updated 21 hrs ago The Groom Room, Inc. Traveling with your pet? Schedule a grooming appointment before the trip for smooth and fresh travels! The Groom Room, Inc. (402) 486-4486 Updated 21 hrs ago Sedlacek Concrete Construction Commercial Concrete Experts: Satisfaction Guaranteed! Updated 20 hrs ago Bev Higgins - Agent State Farm Insurance Looking for affordable insurance options? Call Bev Higgins - State Farm Insurance at 402-483-2838 Updated 21 hrs ago Currents Food and Cooking Examining the county in each state with the best fruit and vegetable access Parentling Sorting through new guidelines for introducing babies to peanut-based foods +17 Entertainment Photos: A look inside the Museum of Broken Relationships Today's Birthdays, Jan. 6: Rowan Atkinson Today In History, Jan. 6: Nancy Kerrigan Today’s top pics: Annual Las Vegas tech show and more Your daily 6: A Facebook Live beating, a $630,000 fish Love, Irving set to return to Cavs' lineup against Nets No. 20 Florida promotes Shannon to defensive coordinator FACT CHECK: Trump's slam on Schwarzenegger's ratings 'One Day at a Time' gets a modern makeover on Netflix 0:54 News Video: Joe Biden to Donald Trump: 'Grow up' 1:57 News Video: Expansion of fish farming in Pacific planned 1:30 News Video: Facebook policy allows posting of violent video 1:15 News Video: Child rescued after dangling from ski lift Topics & Features Buy & Sell Today's Deal Mugshots Calendar Recycling Online Features Tools & Services Subscriber Services Advertise Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition RSS Alerts Contact us © Copyright 2017 The Lincoln Journal Star, 926 P Street Lincoln, NE | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact CT Post Advertise with Us Subscribe Terms of Use Careers with Us Archives Newsletters Digital edition FAQ Submissions Whiplash winter ahead Weapon, ammo recovered after police officer leaves vehicle Sound Tigers coach Thompson proud as son Tage becomes ‘part of Malloy claims conservative credentials News Local Columnists Police Reports Regional Valley National World Politics Opinion Were you SEEN? Science and Technology Election Major roads just wet; slippery conditions on local roads Sen. Looney takes oath of office from his kidney donor Ken Dixon: News best left in rear-view mirror State Police ID victim in I-95 fatal Sports High Schools HS Football Colleges UConn MLB NFL NBA More Sports Hockey ‘Epic’ snowfall at New England ski resorts High school roundup: Trumbull boys defeat Harding ESPN: Randy Edsall agrees to return as head coach at UConn Immaculate girls work overtime in win over Brookfield Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Two Roads plans Bradley Airport expansion UnitedHealthcare to fill 50 new jobs in Shelton Watch company keeps tradition alive in Valley Commercial market experienced challenges in 2016 Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate ‘The Comedy of Errors’ at Hartford Stage Casey Carle’s ‘BubbleMania’ promises to impress all ages ‘Festival of Lighthouses Contest’ at the Maritime Aquarium at Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Weddings Engagements Celebrate Summer Sponsored Content Town & Country Magazine: Top bachelors of 2017 Olives recalled due to ‘quality issue’ Veteran actor Brian Dennehy faces challenge of bleak Beckett play After the ballet Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars Find & Save MenuSections http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Theft-charges-dismissed-against-gambling-principal-10806810.php Theft charges dismissed against gambling principal By Daniel Tepfer Updated 5:35 pm, Monday, December 19, 2016 BRIDGEPORT — Charges were dismissed Monday against a former elementary school principal accused of gambling away her students’ activity funds. Superior Court Judge Robert Devlin, noting that Marilyn Taylor had completed the conditions of her pretrial probation program and made restitution, granted the dismissal. “She has made full restitution and has turned her life around,” said her lawyer, Edward Vioni. Last December Taylor, who was the principal at Dunbar School during the 2012-2013 school year, was granted accelerated rehabilitation following a hearing before Devlin. Taylor, 46, worked at Target and Wal-Mart stores in her native Georgia, which enabled her to pay back the more than $10,000 she stole from the school’s account, Vioni previously told the judge. Taylor had been charged with first-degree larceny. Under accelerated rehabilitation, a pretrial program for nonviolent offenders, Taylor did not plead guilty to the charge but was placed by the judge on one year of probation. Interim Superintendent of Schools Fran Rabinowitz did not oppose Taylor’s probation on the condition that she make full restitution. City school officials were counting on Taylor to turn around Dunbar School, one of the lowest scoring in the state. In October 2013, the Board Of Education gave Taylor permission to open an account on behalf of the Jumoke Academy at Dunbar School for school fundraising. But a month later, Assistant Principal Alyyshia Perrin became suspicious when she learned Taylor had been paying vendors in cash instead of check, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. An audit requested by the Board of Education found that between Nov. 4 and Nov. 29, 2013, Taylor made 24 cash withdrawals from the account at the Mohegan Sun Casino, totaling $10,021.40 and another $11.43 withdrawal for Johnny Rockets restaurant, the affidavit states. The affidavit said the audit also found that Taylor had used money from the school account at a casino at Waveland, Miss., near her family home in Louisiana, as well as at supermarkets, Wal-Mart, Dunkin’ Donuts, Home Depot and a gas station near her Milford home. She overdrew the account on three occasions in December 2013, January 2014 and June 2014, the affidavit states. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Fitness and Exercise Items at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free... WalmartPosted 15 hr 25 min ago SHOP NOW Home Improvement Clearance at Walmart for $89 WalmartPosted 10 hr 50 min ago SHOP NOW Reusable Toaster Sandwich Bag for free + free shipping That Daily DealPosted 14 hr 2 min ago SHOP NOW Online Technology Courses at Udemy for free UdemyPosted 7 hr 51 min ago Most Popular 1 14 Connecticut hospitals penalized for infection rates, injuries 2 Shake-up at school bus company 3 Warrant issued for murder suspect 4 Mom kicked out of first class over crying baby 5 Bridgeport Y closing gym to adults 6 Malloy claims conservative credentials 7 Pay cuts for four key Ganim aides Connecticut Post View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Ad Choices About Our Ads Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ CTPost iPhone App Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 29° Share Discovery of mutilated corpse mystifies authorities By Elise Kaplan / Journal Staff Writer Published: Monday, December 19th, 2016 at 3:46pm Updated: Monday, December 19th, 2016 at 11:19pm A man's body was found decapitated and missing genitals behind the Walmart at Menaul and Wyoming early Saturday morning. (Roberto E. Rosales/Journal) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Homicide detectives say they have no leads and are still trying to confirm the identity of the victim in a bizarre crime that led to the man’s headless body being dumped behind a Wal-Mart in Northeast Albuquerque late Friday or early Saturday. The area behind the Walmart at Menaul and Wyoming where a a man’s body was found decapitated and missing genitals early Saturday morning. (Roberto E. Rosales/Journal) Just after midnight Saturday morning, police say a security officer came across the grotesque scene behind a dumpster – a dead man, naked, missing his head and his genitals. “The detectives, officers, (medical investigators) and everyone else that was at the scene, they’re the ones that are dealing with this investigation,” said officer Fred Duran,a spokesman for the Albuquerque Police Department. “It’s tough; it’s not something that’s easy to see.” In a Monday afternoon news conference, Duran released few other details about the killing. Advertisement Continue reading The victim has been tentatively identified as a 42-year-old white male, but police are waiting for the Office of the Medical Investigator to use fingerprints to confirm that identity. Duran said they’re not sure where he is from. “Right now detectives are working hard trying to find out more information,” Duran said. “We don’t have hardly any leads that we’re working with.” Duran said they’re also waiting for the OMI to confirm the man’s cause of death, and he didn’t know if the body had any obvious wounds. But, he said, detectives don’t believe the man was killed at the Wal-Mart, located on Wyoming near Menaul NE, or that the public is in any danger. He said they don’t have any suspects, and if there is any surveillance video it is being processed as evidence. The parking lot near where the body was found has signs saying cameras are in use. “We don’t know the specifics of what happened or how the body got there,” Duran said. “We do know that the incident did not occur at the Wal-Mart. This seems like it was the end point of the contact between the person who did it and the victim.” Duran said he didn’t know whether the man’s head is still missing. Although, he said later that investigators will not be using dental records to identify him. He also couldn’t say what might have motivated a person to mutilate a body like this. “Right now to speculate if it was related to the cartel or if it was a random incident, we just don’t know,” Duran said. Police ask anyone with information about the crime to call Crime Stoppers at (505) 843-7867 Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe ABQnews Seeker Albuquerque News Crime Front Page News Suggested Stories: APD: Body dumped in parking lot on Central and Pennsylvania – Jun 22, 2016 APD investigating suspicious death – Dec 17, 2016 Decapitated man was from Oklahoma; Investigators seeking more info on his death – Dec 20, 2016 Friend: Man found decapitated outside ABQ Wal-Mart was homeless – Dec 21, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, dies at SeaWorld Orlando Will Trump's promised wall become taxpayer-funded fence? The Latest: Trump laments Florida airport shooting Shaker grad now in the protein business News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories New guidelines issued for allergies Around NY Centuries of history on the move United Group eyes settlement with fund investor Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Maroon makes Bruins see red Nets hardly kings of road Noteworthy UConn continues to roll Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Shaker grad now in the protein business Colonie Center marks 50th anniversary Saturday The big thing in TV sets this year is ... big TV sets Developer told Glenmont apartment complex doesn't fit Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Good things to do for the week ahead Arts Talk: News in brief Movie Guide: Capsule reviews of current films Movie Talk Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Today's Birthdays Sandwiching in deli's last day Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Cornerstone restaurant on Empire State Plaza opens today for New World restaurants switch to local, clean frying oil Free College Education – Good or Bad? This week on ‘NYN’: SOS speeches, past and future TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Rex Smith: Ring again, clarion call to freedoms Letter: Even at 90, Bennett is a role model to performers Forecasting home design trends in 2017 Proctors-bound 'Something Rotten!' sends up stage tropes Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Forecasting home design trends in 2017 'Vampire Slayer' stars find some new blood High & Low House of the Week: Colonial in Brunswick Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift The best websites for free printable coupons Best things to buy in January MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/tuplus-opinion/article/Ride-share-can-t-have-a-free-ride-10806833.php Ride-share can't have a free ride By Jim Conigliaro Jr., Commentary Published 5:21 pm, Monday, December 19, 2016 Ride-sharing companies are back making big promises in New York state. In all the fervor upstate, the challenges in communities where ride-sharing already exists are being forgotten. In New York City, where I advocate for Uber drivers, ride-sharing companies have operated for years, shifting risk and burden on to the workers and taxpayers. While upstaters and visitors bemoan the lack of ride-sharing, being a "late-mover" gives our state a critical advantage. As we debate legalizing the ride-sharing industry, legislators have a unique opportunity to ensure ride-sharing "jobs" meet basic standards. New York will never have more leverage with ride-sharing companies than it has right now. Legislators must not let Uber push through a rush deal to operate without oversight while New Yorkers pay the price. Upstate has waited this long, lawmakers should take a few more weeks to get this right. This is the perfect time for New York to chart a more responsible and sustainable path for ride-sharing and serve as a global model. Ride-sharing drivers are deemed contractors and denied the job protections and benefits many Americans take for granted. Forget retirement accounts and dental — drivers don't get sick days and many lack health insurance. Much like Walmart, ride-sharing companies are transferring labor costs and risk to workers and taxpayers. Taxpayers should never be forced to subsidize wealthy international corporations. We must get these companies to pay their fair share. Establishing a benefits fund for workers and requiring the companies to fund it is one way to do that. By the same token, New York must require that ride-sharing companies contribute to the state's Black Car Fund for upstate drivers, just as they do for drivers in New York City. This fund covers workers compensation insurance for work-related injuries as well as safety training. Independent contractors are also precluded from being members of a labor union. But that doesn't mean these workers can't have a voice. When New York City drivers stood together and demanded change alongside the Machinists Union, they created the Independent Drivers Guild (IDG) which represents over 45,000 Uber drivers. IDG members won the strongest termination appeals process in the nation, a modest raise to the minimum rate per trip, and faster response times for contacting the company. Now New York City drivers are the only workers in America who meet with Uber management regularly to raise important workplace issues. New York must not legalize ride-sharing without upstate drivers having a voice in the workplace. State lawmakers should also establish a ride-sharing oversight board to monitor earnings rules, enforcement and working conditions of the ride-sharing industry. A central board whose members are balanced between the interests of labor, companies and the public could collect unbiased data to regulate the industry while maintaining the flexibility that would be difficult to achieve in the Legislature. Finally, New York must level the playing field for ride-sharing passengers by eliminating the nearly 9 percent state sales tax on each fare. Companies use this tax to unfairly cut into the drivers' share. Taxi and livery passengers are exempt from this sales tax; ride-sharing should be, too. If Uber and Lyft want to operate upstate on the promise of job creation, let's make sure those jobs have basic protections. New Yorkers and our labor unions have a sacred history of protecting the working class, and as the job landscape shifts we must act to ensure that no worker is left without a voice. New York must seize this unique opportunity and set the precedent for a more responsible ride-sharing industry. Jim Conigliaro Jr. of Brooklyn is the founder of the Independent Drivers Guild and serves as general counsel and a director of the International Association of Machinists District 15. This is a TU+ story. Click for more information. Today's Premium Content - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Amtrak seeks lease offers along tracks to NYC RPI, Union hockey teams to play in Ireland Siena basketball expects gritty game against Saint Peter's Former Scotia star grows into role for BYU hoops Rex Smith: Ring again, clarion call to freedoms Home in Hollywood spotlight Global collaboration yields Ebola vaccine Letter: Even at 90, Bennett is a role model to performers View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Politics Nebraska’s 5 Presidential Electors Cast Ballots for Trump Politics Nebraska’s 5 Presidential Electors Cast Ballots for Trump By Associated Press | December 19, 2016 AT 5:22 PM Last Updated: December 19, 2016 5:22 pm Members of the Nebraska electoral college and Gov. Pete Ricketts at the State Capitol in Lincoln, Neb., on Dec. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) LINCOLN, Neb.— Nebraska’s presidential electors stuck to their commitment Monday to support Republican Donald Trump despite pressure from thousands of people around the nation who implored them to vote for someone else. All five electors cast their votes in a ceremony at the Capitol with Gov. Pete Ricketts and Secretary of State John Gale. The electors had been expected to back Trump, who won the popular vote statewide and claimed a majority in all three of Nebraska’s congressional districts. Democrat Hillary Clinton won the national popular vote but lost in the electoral college. Nebraska’s electors have said they have been bombarded with emails, phone calls and snail-mail letters urging them not to vote from Trump. But a 2014 state law had already tied their hands, requiring at-large electors to vote for the statewide winner and district electors to vote for their congressional district’s winner. Elector Chuck Conrad of Hastings said he received more than 200 snail mail letters a day in the week before Monday’s vote, enough to fill three Wal-Mart bags. On Saturday, he counted 238, nine of which came from Nebraska residents. Most of the Nebraska letters were from Omaha and Lincoln, although Conrad said he received a few from smaller towns. “They were my constituents,” said Conrad, an at-large elector. “Every Nebraska one, I would open.” Elector John Dinkel of Norfolk said he believes Trump has done a “fantastic job” so far with his announced cabinet appointments, and voiced hope that the president-elect will eventually unite the country. “I just hope and pray his detractors will give him a chance, and for the sake of America, that they’ll come around,” said Dinkel, who represented the 1st Congressional District. Ricketts, who led the voting process, said in an interview earlier Monday that he supports the law requiring voters to reflect how the public voted. “It demonstrates that we are serious about our electors following the will of the people,” said Ricketts, a Republican who endorsed Trump. “The people of Nebraska voted. They expect their wishes to be upheld.” The vote came after protesters gathered at the Nebraska Capitol in a last-ditch effort to keep Trump from formally winning the presidency. About 40 people convened beneath the Capitol rotunda, some with signs that said “Elect the Real Winner” and “Don’t Let Russia Trump America,” a reference to Russia’s efforts to sway the election. Some protesters later crowded into a hearing room where Ricketts held a news conference on an unrelated topic. Gloria Van Ackeren, 72, said the show of opposition was important to at least send a message that a large number of Americans don’t believe Trump is fit to become president. Van Ackeren said she stands opposed to “his character, his judgments, his values and his choice of support team.” Her husband, Eugene Van Ackeren, said he fears that Trump might take an authoritarian approach to government. Eugene Van Ackeren, 69, said the Electoral College should fulfill its role as a safeguard. “I’m just horrified,” he said. “I feel like this is the end of our democracy.” Korynne Bolt, 27, of Lincoln, said she was afraid a Trump administration will make good on his promises to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act. Bolt said her 25-year-old brother has cancer and is too sick to work, but his treatment costs an average of $40,000 a month. Bolt said Trump’s surprise win has inspired her to become more active in politics. “I want people to know that it’s not just some fringe group protesting,” Bolt said. “This will affect people’s lives.” Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in PoliticsSen. Warren to Seek Re-election, Repeats Vow to Fight TrumpTrump Demands Media Leak InvestigationA Traditional End to an Unconventional Presidential ElectionReports: Speculation Hillary Clinton Could Run for New York City Mayor Mounts Latest in US US News Esteban Santiago ID’d as Suspect in Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport Shooting US News Electoral College Makes It Official: Trump Wins Presidency US News Report: Charles Manson ‘Too Risky’ for Surgery US News Looting, Protests in Mexico Over Gas Price Hikes Turn Deadly US News Update: 4 Dead in Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooting US News The Latest: Suspects in Facebook Live Beating Case Had Previous Arrests US News Shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport in Florida, Several Dead Crime and Incidents Report: 3 Kids Watched Movie as Parents Lay Dead Outside SUV Politics Sen. Warren to Seek Re-election, Repeats Vow to Fight Trump × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 19, 2016December 19, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Virginia Bio Welcomes New Members to its Board of Directors RICHMOND, Va.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Virginia Bio, the premier statewide non-profit association representing the life science industry in the Commonwealth of Virginia, has elected five new members to their Board of Directors for a term of three years. The election took place on December 8, 2016 at the Virginia Bio Annual Membership meeting in Richmond, Virginia. The newly elected directors are: Rony Thomas, President & CEO, LifeNet Health; Thomas Frantz, Chairman Emeritus, Williams Mullen; Julie Idelkope, Vice President, US Government Relations, Pfizer; Amrie Grammer, COO & CSO, Ampel BioSolutions; Ross Dunlap, President & CEO, Ceres Nanosciences; and Mickey Kim, Director, Biotech Partnering & Strategy, MedImmune. “I’m pleased to join the VA Bio board and am excited to bring my experience as a biotech entrepreneur to help drive the growth and success of Virginia’s life sciences industry,” said new board member, Ross Dunlap. Members also elected Brian Pollok, CEO, Neoantigenics, Cynthia Rancourt, CEO, Polymer Solutions and Carl Sahi, CEO, Engineered Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. to serve a second three-year term on the Board of Directors. Chairman of the board, Crystal Icenhour said, “I am looking forward to working with our new board members. They each bring a unique set of skills that will further enrich our board.” New Board Member Backgrounds Rony Thomas serves as the President and CEO of LifeNet Health. LifeNet Health Inc., based in Virginia Beach, is one of the world’s largest Life Sciences not-for-profit organizations specializing in organ, tissue and cell procurement and the utilization of tissue for biomedical applications in a variety of surgical disciplines. Prior to joining LifeNet Health, Mr. Thomas served as CEO and held other executive leadership positions at USA Instruments, a General Electric company. Mr. Thomas has over 20 years of experience in the medical device and Tissue Engineering industries, working in entrepreneurial and major corporate settings. Thomas Frantz currently serves as Chairman Emeritus of the Board for Williams Mullen. Drawing on his tax background, he also maintains a robust corporate legal practice as a Partner representing multi-national corporations, handling major mergers and acquisitions, and advising corporations on a variety of legal matters. Tom previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the firm from 2010 to 2015. Before joining the firm, Tom was an original principal with Clark & Stant, which merged with Williams Mullen in 1999. He became General Counsel to Tidewater Health Care, Inc., the parent company of Virginia Beach General Hospital, in 1989. He currently serves as Outside Corporate Counsel to Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc., a NYSE REIT. Along with Rony Thomas he Co-chaired the Mayor of Virginia Beach’s Bioscience Task Force, which was comprised of 20 university, healthcare and bioscience executives from Charlottesville to the Oceanfront, which developed a regional bioscience plan from UVA to the Oceanfront, with multiple hubs. Julie Idelkope is the Vice President for US State Government Relations for Pfizer Inc. She has over 20 years of experience in corporate government affairs and as a state and local public official. Julie developed and directed the government affairs strategy for a number of America’s leading corporations including Burger King Corporation, the Minnesota Twins Baseball Club, Wal-Mart Stores and Northwest Airlines. Julie served as the Deputy Commissioner of Trade, Tourism and Economic Development during the administration of Governor Jesse Ventura and as the Deputy Mayor to Minneapolis Mayor Sharon Sayles Belton. Dr. Amrie Grammer is the co-founder, COO and CSO of AMPEL BioSolutions, LLC located in Charlottesville, Virginia. AMPEL uses cutting-edge data science techniques to identify “druggable” pathways in autoimmune diseases and analyze them with state-of-the-art clinical trials. Specifically, AMPEL specializes in translational and personalized medicine including drug and target identification, protocol design and management, biomarker identification, and bioinformatic analysis. Amrie is a PhD Translational Immunologist specializing in human Autoimmune Diseases and headed up the B Cell Biology Group in the Autoimmunity Branch of NIAMS at the NIH before heading to Charlottesville to found AMPEL. She has also worked as an independent research consultant specializing in clinical trials, biomarkers, cell-cell interactions & the biochemistry of signaling cascades with expertise in primary lymphocyte biology, flow cytometry, and bioinformatics of gene expression & proteomics. Ross Dunlap is the CEO and a co-founder of Ceres Nanosciences. In the role of CEO, Ross is responsible for strategic planning, technology development and product commercialization; financial management and capital fundraising; and business development and industry partnerships. Ross has led Ceres since its inception during which time he has raised over $8M in Angel and grant funding, overseen the build out of a highly effective and efficient business infrastructure and team, and established multiple high-profile partnerships with industry and academic leaders. Currently, Ross is directing the clinical development, validation, and market launch of a novel Lyme Antigen Test that will provide the most sensitive and accurate detection of Lyme disease. Ross has over 20 years of experience working in operational and strategic business development. He began his career with Arthur Andersen’s Business Consulting practice, working with start-up technology companies to establish and grow critical business operations and deliver services and technologies to new markets. Following this, Ross spent five years with Washington Consulting, where he helped build the firm from the ground up into a successful and profitable enterprise that ultimately was acquired by a large defense contractor. Dr. Mickey Kim is the Director of Partnering and Strategy and Head of Out-licensing / Spin outs at MedImmune, the biologics research and development arm of AstraZeneca. Dr. Kim joined MedImmune in 2013 and assumed his current role in 2015, in which he established and leads the out-licensing and spin out group for the company. During the past three years, Dr. Kim and his team have completed numerous business development deals, out-licensing transactions, spin outs and ecosystem collaborations. He has led efforts to grow the bioscience ecosystem in MedImmune’s key locations, including Maryland and the UK. Prior to MedImmune, Dr. Kim was a venture capital investor with Canaan Partners and BioVentures Investors. Earlier in his career, he was an entrepreneur, co-founding a technology incubator and investment fund in Asia, and a strategy consultant with McKinsey & Company and CSC Healthcare. He holds a Doctor of Medicine from the Feinberg School of Medicine and Masters of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. You can view the complete list of Virginia Bio board members at http://www.vabio.org/?leadership. About the Virginia Biotechnology Association Virginia Bio is the premier statewide non-profit trade association for life sciences, promoting the considerable scientific and economic impact of the life sciences industry in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Virginia Bio is an advocate for innovation and entrepreneurship, and for the biopharmaceutical, and other health technology industries among federal, state and local policy-makers. Virginia Bio is the official state affiliate of the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), AdvaMed and the Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA) and also collaborates closely with the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). To learn more, visit www.vabio.org or Follow Virginia Bio on Twitter at @VABio. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cheryl Heinonen Named Macy's, Inc. Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications Next PostNext ADDING MULTIMEDIA and CONFERENCE CALL DETAILS Clovis Oncology Announces FDA Accelerated Approval of RUBRACA™ (rucaparib) for the Monotherapy Treatment of Advanced Ovarian Cancer in Women with Deleterious Germline or Somatic BRCA Mutations… Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts ​US warns of 'imminent' cyberattack threat on electrical grid – CNET January 7, 2017 Smart home experts hope 'magic' moments will convert nonbelievers – CNET January 7, 2017 Smile! Man tries to rob store that sells surveillance cameras – CNET January 7, 2017 Bose suspends the seat, not the car, for a smooth ride – Roadshow January 7, 2017 See what Earth and its moon look like from Mars – CNET January 7, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 19,964 +64.51 +0.32% Nasdaq 5,521 +33.12 +0.60% S&P 500 2,277 +7.98 +0.35% 8:54 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 7:13 P.M. ET Trump, GOP Explore Ways to Fund Border Wall 7:03 P.M. ET Russian Hacking Report Exposes Political Threat 6:38 P.M. ET Updated Stock selection pays off for investors in India funds 6:35 P.M. ET Shots Fired at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Gunman in Custody 6:31 P.M. ET This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO 6:18 P.M. ET Trump team considering another Goldman exec for key Treasury post 6:11 P.M. ET Updated These are the 10 best and 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 5:52 P.M. ET Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: Retailers’ pain | A former insurance CEO on Obamacare | The wisdom of Charlie Munger 5:41 P.M. ET Elmo Encourages Kindness in 'Sesame Street's' 47th Season 5:39 P.M. ET Updated Dow misses 20,000 milestone by about a nickel 5:29 P.M. ET Fed's Kaplan sounds note of doubt about gradual rate hikes 5:18 P.M. ET SeaWorld Killer Whale Tilikum Dies 5:17 P.M. ET Kaplan: Fed should be able to raise interest rates gradually, patiently 5:03 P.M. ET Boeing's 2016 orders show slowing sales boom 5:00 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq end at records after solid jobs report 4:49 P.M. ET Nobel Prize winner likens Trump ‘bullying’ of companies to fascist Italy, Germany 1:49 P.M. ET Fitbit seeks software success like Apple 4:42 P.M. ET 'Lion' Star Sunny Pawar on Playing Little Saroo Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Virginia Bio Welcomes New Members to its Board of Directors By Published: Dec 19, 2016 4:22 p.m. ET Share RICHMOND, Va., Dec 19, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Virginia Bio, the premier statewide non-profit association representing the life science industry in the Commonwealth of Virginia, has elected five new members to their Board of Directors for a term of three years. The election took place on December 8, 2016 at the Virginia Bio Annual Membership meeting in Richmond, Virginia. The newly elected directors are: Rony Thomas, President & CEO, LifeNet Health; Thomas Frantz, Chairman Emeritus, Williams Mullen; Julie Idelkope, Vice President, US Government Relations, Pfizer; Amrie Grammer, COO & CSO, Ampel BioSolutions; Ross Dunlap, President & CEO, Ceres Nanosciences; and Mickey Kim, Director, Biotech Partnering & Strategy, MedImmune. “I’m pleased to join the VA Bio board and am excited to bring my experience as a biotech entrepreneur to help drive the growth and success of Virginia’s life sciences industry,” said new board member, Ross Dunlap. Members also elected Brian Pollok, CEO, Neoantigenics, Cynthia Rancourt, CEO, Polymer Solutions and Carl Sahi, CEO, Engineered Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. to serve a second three-year term on the Board of Directors. Chairman of the board, Crystal Icenhour said, "I am looking forward to working with our new board members. They each bring a unique set of skills that will further enrich our board." New Board Member Backgrounds Rony Thomas serves as the President and CEO of LifeNet Health. LifeNet Health Inc., based in Virginia Beach, is one of the world’s largest Life Sciences not-for-profit organizations specializing in organ, tissue and cell procurement and the utilization of tissue for biomedical applications in a variety of surgical disciplines. Prior to joining LifeNet Health, Mr. Thomas served as CEO and held other executive leadership positions at USA Instruments, a General Electric company. Mr. Thomas has over 20 years of experience in the medical device and Tissue Engineering industries, working in entrepreneurial and major corporate settings. Thomas Frantz currently serves as Chairman Emeritus of the Board for Williams Mullen. Drawing on his tax background, he also maintains a robust corporate legal practice as a Partner representing multi-national corporations, handling major mergers and acquisitions, and advising corporations on a variety of legal matters. Tom previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the firm from 2010 to 2015. Before joining the firm, Tom was an original principal with Clark & Stant, which merged with Williams Mullen in 1999. He became General Counsel to Tidewater Health Care, Inc., the parent company of Virginia Beach General Hospital, in 1989. He currently serves as Outside Corporate Counsel to Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc., a NYSE REIT. Along with Rony Thomas he Co-chaired the Mayor of Virginia Beach’s Bioscience Task Force, which was comprised of 20 university, healthcare and bioscience executives from Charlottesville to the Oceanfront, which developed a regional bioscience plan from UVA to the Oceanfront, with multiple hubs. Julie Idelkope is the Vice President for US State Government Relations for Pfizer Inc. She has over 20 years of experience in corporate government affairs and as a state and local public official. Julie developed and directed the government affairs strategy for a number of America’s leading corporations including Burger King Corporation, the Minnesota Twins Baseball Club, Wal-Mart Stores and Northwest Airlines. Julie served as the Deputy Commissioner of Trade, Tourism and Economic Development during the administration of Governor Jesse Ventura and as the Deputy Mayor to Minneapolis Mayor Sharon Sayles Belton. Dr. Amrie Grammer is the co-founder, COO and CSO of AMPEL BioSolutions, LLC located in Charlottesville, Virginia. AMPEL uses cutting-edge data science techniques to identify “druggable” pathways in autoimmune diseases and analyze them with state-of-the-art clinical trials. Specifically, AMPEL specializes in translational and personalized medicine including drug and target identification, protocol design and management, biomarker identification, and bioinformatic analysis. Amrie is a PhD Translational Immunologist specializing in human Autoimmune Diseases and headed up the B Cell Biology Group in the Autoimmunity Branch of NIAMS at the NIH before heading to Charlottesville to found AMPEL. She has also worked as an independent research consultant specializing in clinical trials, biomarkers, cell-cell interactions & the biochemistry of signaling cascades with expertise in primary lymphocyte biology, flow cytometry, and bioinformatics of gene expression & proteomics. Ross Dunlap is the CEO and a co-founder of Ceres Nanosciences. In the role of CEO, Ross is responsible for strategic planning, technology development and product commercialization; financial management and capital fundraising; and business development and industry partnerships. Ross has led Ceres since its inception during which time he has raised over $8M in Angel and grant funding, overseen the build out of a highly effective and efficient business infrastructure and team, and established multiple high-profile partnerships with industry and academic leaders. Currently, Ross is directing the clinical development, validation, and market launch of a novel Lyme Antigen Test that will provide the most sensitive and accurate detection of Lyme disease. Ross has over 20 years of experience working in operational and strategic business development. He began his career with Arthur Andersen's Business Consulting practice, working with start-up technology companies to establish and grow critical business operations and deliver services and technologies to new markets. Following this, Ross spent five years with Washington Consulting, where he helped build the firm from the ground up into a successful and profitable enterprise that ultimately was acquired by a large defense contractor. Dr. Mickey Kim is the Director of Partnering and Strategy and Head of Out-licensing / Spin outs at MedImmune, the biologics research and development arm of AstraZeneca. Dr. Kim joined MedImmune in 2013 and assumed his current role in 2015, in which he established and leads the out-licensing and spin out group for the company. During the past three years, Dr. Kim and his team have completed numerous business development deals, out-licensing transactions, spin outs and ecosystem collaborations. He has led efforts to grow the bioscience ecosystem in MedImmune’s key locations, including Maryland and the UK. Prior to MedImmune, Dr. Kim was a venture capital investor with Canaan Partners and BioVentures Investors. Earlier in his career, he was an entrepreneur, co-founding a technology incubator and investment fund in Asia, and a strategy consultant with McKinsey & Company and CSC Healthcare. He holds a Doctor of Medicine from the Feinberg School of Medicine and Masters of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. You can view the complete list of Virginia Bio board members at http://www.vabio.org/?leadership. About the Virginia Biotechnology Association Virginia Bio is the premier statewide non-profit trade association for life sciences, promoting the considerable scientific and economic impact of the life sciences industry in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Virginia Bio is an advocate for innovation and entrepreneurship, and for the biopharmaceutical, and other health technology industries among federal, state and local policy-makers. Virginia Bio is the official state affiliate of the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), AdvaMed and the Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA) and also collaborates closely with the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). To learn more, visit www.vabio.org or Follow Virginia Bio on Twitter at @VABio. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161219006218/en/ SOURCE: Virginia Biotechnology Association"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@vabio Virginia Biotechnology Association Caron Trumbo trumbo.caron@vabio.org Copyright Business Wire 2016 Most Popular S&P 500, Nasdaq end at records after solid jobs report These are the 10 best and 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 Here’s the right way for stock-market investors to trade Trump in 2017 These jobs are getting the biggest pay raises Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More The Moneyologist Moneyologist 'all-stars' update MarketWatch readers on their lives View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Benito Baeza Bill Colley Colley’s Commentary Top Story Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Glenn Beck Dave Ramsey Leo Laporte Coast to Coast AM Listen Listen Live Schedule Mobile App Loyal Listener Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules Winners VIP Support Win Stuff Win A $100 Starbucks Card Win A $300 Amazon Gift Card Win Sony Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones Contest Rules News Magic Valley News Idaho & Regional National & World Bill Colley’s Commentary Political Entertainment Sports Twin Falls Events Community Event Submissions Weather School Closures Weather Alerts Contact Us Submit A News Tip Feedback Employment Help & Contact Info Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Trending: School Closures Twin Falls Road Rage Incident Idaho Fish & Game Drive Means Drive Colley’s Commentary Weather Police: Man Hit by Car at Shopping Center in Twin Falls By Benito Baeza December 19, 2016 2:12 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Twin Falls Police investigate a car vs. pedestrian incident at a shopping center in Twin Falls midday Monday. Photo by Benito Baeza TWIN FALLS, Idaho (KLIX) A man was sent to the hospital after being hit by a car in front of a busy shopping center around noon after an altercation on a nearby street. According to Twin Falls Lt. Terry Thueson, police were called to Walmart a little after the noon hour for call that a pedestrian had been hit by a sedan. Several police cars, ambulance and fire truck were at the east entry point to the store, including a silver sedan. Lt. Thueson says there was some sort of altercation between the drivers of two cars on Washington Street before they had gotten to the store. One car with three adults, two men and a woman, parked before the other car had. The group identified as Christopher M Stephenson, 33, Jonathon Edward Meyers and Kara Lynn Fiscus, walked up to the other car and verbally challenged the driver, Amir Zuheir Saad, 25. Stephenson stepped in front of the car to prevent it from moving on and was hit. Lt. Thueson says Stephenson was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. Stephenson, Meyers, and Fiscus are facing disorderly conduct charges while Saad was cited for not having a drivers license. Lt. Thueson says it is not clear if more charges are possible. Filed Under: car | crash | injury | pedestrian | Twin Falls Police Category: Twin Falls News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live News Radio 1310 KLIX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: News Radio 1310's Daily Deal $25 Worth of Window Tinting From Tint Lady Buy This Deal Now EEO Public File Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Twin Falls Business Listings Welcome back to Loyal Listener Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Loyal Listener Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newsradio1310.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Loyal Listener Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up for Loyal Listener Club Register Now Sign up for Loyal Listener Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Loyal Listener Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: News Radio 1310 KLIX Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Attacking A Cashier, Order Screens Because You’re Unhappy With Your Food Joins Long List Of Customer Overreactions Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Attacking A Cashier, Order Screens Because You’re Unhappy With Your Food Joins Long List Of Customer Overreactions Image courtesy of Jeepers Media December 19, 2016 3:15 pm EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk well that seems excessive overreactions bad consumers mcdonald's fast food customer service Another day, another extreme overreaction: police in Dayton, OH say a McDonald’s drive-thru customer who was unhappy with her food went on a rampage in the restaurant, overturning ordering screens and attacking the cashier. Police arrived on the scene at around 8:15 p.m. on Saturday and found shattered glass on the floor near the registers, and at least one broken monitor, the Dayton Daily News reports. According to a manager, a woman entered the restaurant and began yelling profanities at a cashier. Although staff offered to make her another sandwich or give her a refund, the woman refused and allegedly knocked over three monitors, threw items off the counter, and went behind the counter to assault the cashier, the police report says. The cashier said she fought back until other employees were able to break up the fracas. The suspect then fled, police say, and remains unidentified. She’s definitely not alone in having an extreme reaction in a situation that doesn’t quite merit such an outsized response. And by that we mean, there’s a huge long list of these kinds of situations in just the past few years: • There was the shopper accused of burning down the mall because she couldn’t find a shopping cart • The Taco Bell customer who allegedly shot at a store over forgotten sour cream • A Wendy’s patron who police said trashed the restaurant because she was dissatisfied with her order • An incident in France where an Apple store customer smashed up the store because the company wouldn’t replace his defective iPhone • The accused shoplifter who bit off the finger of the Walmart worker who confronted her for stealing • Drive-thru customers who allegedly attacked a Burger King worker because their order wasn’t ready fast enough • An angry Wendy’s customer who was arrested for biting a manager because of a mixup in her order • The all-out brawl at a pizzeria that police said was caused by unwanted cheese on a customer’s order of garlic knots • A New York City bus passenger who was arrested for hijacking the bus after the driver told her to stop smoking on it • The guy who was accused of slashing a Dunkin’ Donuts worker in the face after being asked to leave the store • A McDonald’s customer who ended up in a tie-grabbing, right-hook flying kerfuffle with a worker because he was tired of waiting for his change • The man who police said shattered a glass door at Waffle House because he was cranky about his bill for sausage biscuits • A customer who was turned down for a loan who allegedly threatened a Kia dealership with a handgun • Yet another shoplifting suspect accused of biting someone; this time it was a Target security officer’s arm • The Macy’s customer who was accused of biting an employee in a dispute over a price • An unhappy Subway customer who hurled a sandwich and a soda at an employee and then allegedly tried to hit her with her car • The Taco Bell customers accused of walking into the restaurant after their drive-thru order was incorrect, and assaulting a fellow patron who stood up for staff with a tire iron • The guy who was so upset that his US Airways flight was overbooked, he stripped naked at the Charlotte Airport to show his displeasure • A man who police said pitched a condiment-throwing fit over a rest stop’s lack of macaroni and cheese and potatoes • Accused dine-and-dashers who allegedly ran over a waitress who was trying to confront them about their bill • The Pizza Hut customer who was apparently so mad that his order got lost, he allegedly drove his car into the restaurant • A Walmart customer who was caught on tape head-butting a tax worker during an argument in the store • The bodega customer who was accused of using a stolen credit card and then allegedly trying to set the clerk on fire with Axe body spray Want more stories from Consumerist? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. December 19, 2016 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk well that seems excessive overreactions bad consumers mcdonald's fast food customer service Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Not the seasoning I wanted Woman Claims Young Daughter Received Wendy’s Fries Dusted In Marijuana well that seems excessive Burning Down The Mall Because You Can’t Find A Shopping Cart Joins Long List Of Customer Overreactions bad consumers Bad Consumer Hurls Fry At McDonald’s Cashier, Lacerates Other Customer’s Cornea pumped up prices Lawsuit Claims Two McDonald’s Franchises Are Overcharging Customers At O’Hare Airport fast food and the furious McDonald’s Customer Gets Wrong Burger Twice, Fires Gun Into Window Previous Delta, Alaska Airlines End Codeshare, Frequent Flyer Partnerships Next Senator: Regulators Should Investigate E-Cigarette Explosions, Issue Recalls Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Senator: Regulators Should Investigate E-Cigarette Explosions, Issue Recalls Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Merrill grandmother gets bilked out of $4,000 in telephone scam - WAOW - Newsline 9, Wausau News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Lifestyle Obituaries NewsTeam WAOW Jobs Advertise With Us Contact WAOW Advertiser Services NEWS Northwoods WAKE UP Politics Central Wisconsin News State Politics Crimestoppers Crime Files Water Cooler International WEATHER StormTrack9 Weather App 2016 Snowfall Contest School closings, delays & cancellations Weather Blog SPORTS Brewers Total Playoff Ticket: Packers playoffs OUTDOORS On Wisconsin! Newsline 9 Sports Power 9 Scoreboard Pack Attack Packers Sports Express Sports Express AM THINGS TO DO Community Calendar Share photos & videos Gas Buddy Jefferson Awards VIDEO WAOW.com LIVE ABC Video Player WHAT'S ON ABC Video Player Discover Wisconsin CW Merrill grandmother gets bilked out of $4,000 in telephone scam Posted: Monday, December 19, 2016 3:09 PM EST By Robert Imrie, Content Manager Email Connect rimrie@waow.com MERRILL (WAOW) - An 85-year-old rural Merrill grandmother got bilked out of $4,000 from a telephone scammer who convinced her he was her grandson and needed money to get out of jail after being arrested on drug charges, the Lincoln County Sheriff's Department reported Monday. The caller urged her to purchase four $1,000 VISA debit cards, which she did at Wal-Mart, and when he called back she gave him the card numbers, Lt. Tim Fischer said. "It is impossible for the victim to retrieve the money or stop the transfer," he said. "They could have called anywhere in the United States or worldwide. This is a scam we get every year right around this time of year and several times during the year." The woman took the first call Dec. 14 and told police the caller sounded just like her grandson but he did not say where he was in jail, Fischer said. Why did she cooperate? "It is Christmas time," the lieutenant said. "Shortly later, she realized this all of a sudden didn't sound right and she called the sheriff's office." The woman's name was not released. Most Watched VideosMost Watched VideosMore>> No injuries in Wausau house fire No injuries in Wausau house fire Rib Mountain neighborhood concerned with Lake Wausau racers Rib Mountain neighborhood concerned with Lake Wausau racers Walker works with task force to fight opioid and heroin abuse in Wisconsin Walker works with task force to fight opioid and heroin abuse in Wisconsin Community reacts to armed robbery in Schofield Community reacts to armed robbery in Schofield An armed robbery in Schofield Sunday night has left the community in disbelief. More >> An armed robbery in Schofield Sunday night has left the community in disbelief.More >> Community looking for answers after violent sex offender placed in rural town Community looking for answers after violent sex offender placed in rural town The town of Alban is looking for change, and answers after a violent sexual offender, referred to as a "sexually violent person" was placed in the rural community January 3. More >> The town of Alban is looking for change, and answers after a violent sexual offender, referred to as a "sexually violent person" was placed in the rural community January 3.More >>    Can't Find Something? WAOW 1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403 News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WAOW Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Menu Search Facebook Twitter RSS Currently 34.8 °F Friday January 6th, 2017 8:59PM 5:52PM ( 3 hours ago ) Weather Alert Winter storm warning continues until 1 p.m. Saturday; forecasters say expect snow accumulations and windy conditions Posted 2:39PM on Monday 19th December 2016 ( 2 weeks ago ) Oakwood police ask for public assistance finding Walmart shoplifter share tweet +1 By B.J. Williams News Director Oakwood police say the man in these photos walked out of the Walmart store on Mundy Mill Road with a flat screen television, a computer and other items without paying for them. They're looking for some help from the public as they look for the suspect.   Contact Editor Oakwood Police Department Investigator Todd Templeton said shoplifting is not unusual, especially this time of year, but he hopes the public can help officers nab a suspect who recently walked out of the Walmart on Mundy Mill Road with a cart full of items. Templeton said the suspect took a flat screen television, a computer and clothing items and walked out of the store without paying for the items on December 11.  "It was approximately $900 worth of merchandise," Templeton said.  The suspect got into a maroon-colored passenger vehicle that was waiting outside the store and fled the scene. The suspect will face felony theft charges when apprehended. Templeton said anyone with information concerning the suspect’s identity should call investigators at 770-534-2364.   B.J. Williams News Director More Articles From B.J. » Associated Categories: Homepage, Local/State News © Copyright 2017 AccessWDUN.com All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission. Privacy | User Agreement | Contact | Advertise With Us 2017 © Jacobs Media Corporation. All rights reserved. EEO Report. Website by Full Media Login / My Access close Home Listen Live News + Local & State National International Business Entertainment Health Food Inspections Obituaries Politics + 2016 Voter's Guide Sports + Friday Game Night High School Sports Local & State Around The Track College Sports Professional Sports Weather WDUN Show Clips Staff Blogs Classifieds Biz Directory Calendar About Us + Contact Us Advertise with Us Follow us on social media My Access Search Join Us Online Facebook Twitter
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Everything you need to know about Best Buy’s NES Classic sale tomorrow – BGR Posted on December 19, 2016 by BGR If you’re reading this, you probably know how impossible it is to find a NES Classic Edition anywhere right now. Amazon, Target, Walmart and anywhere else you can think of is out of stock, and when consoles do drip-drip into local stores, they’re … The 13 tech gadgets on our wish lists this yearBusiness Insider PSA: Best Buy Will Have NES Classic Editions For Sale This Tuesday, December 20Attack of the Fanboy NES Classic Is on Sale via Amazon Prime for West Coast CitiesI4U News GamesRadar -Gamespresso -Thrillist -Mobile & Apps all 30 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
FRI, JAN 06, 2017 | -8 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Belleville Farmers' Markets Events - Submit Now Newsletter Signup Wellness Blogs Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Local ads Movies Print Editions Photo Galleries Hot Topics Walk-in Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 1 hour ago 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested Reports: Multiple people shot at Ft. Lauderdale airport Latest News SEE MORE Authorities: Victims appear to be part of murder-suicide Putin ordered effort to help Trump, hurt Clinton: US report PM to embark on cross-country tour Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 42 minutes ago P.J. Fleck leaving Western Michigan to coach Minnesota Western Michigan's P.J. Fleck to coach at Minnesota Latest Sports SEE MORE Silent Bird wins feature by a neck at Santa Anita Cowboys' Jerry Jones unfazed by uncertain future of defence Canada's Buchanan wins MAC Hermann Trophy Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 58 minutes ago Fadi Fawaz: 'Police have not accused me of anything' George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz has told the Daily Mail that police... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Ciara drops Future lawsuit 'Things not great' between Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West Vivica A. Fox and 50 Cent end feud Blogs Columnists Columns Editorial Letters Jan 05, 2017 Column: Gronk, Romo and a sneak peek at my AP All-Pro team Column: Gronk, Romo and a sneak peek at my AP All-Pro team Jan 03, 2017 Column: Saban gambling again with early purge of Kiffin Column: Saban gambling again with early purge of Kiffin Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Jobs Money Matters Wellness 9 hours ago Heir to a kingdom exiled to Madoc focus of new play WARKWORTH — A staged reading telling the “bizarre and true story” of Esca... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Move and Groove keeps kids active in Hastings Louise MacDonald will be missed by 8 Wing Officers’ Mess Ladies Club Tips for conquering debt in the new year Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Be smart about smartphone safety for kids Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Shopping Get ready for winter driving Home News Walmart Trenton fire deemed suspicious, arson not... | Dec 19, 2016  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart Trenton fire deemed suspicious, arson not ruled out Walmart Erin Stewart/Metroland Trenton’s Walmart supercentre is up and running once again after a Nov. 15 fire. File photo next play/pause pre Quinte West News By Erin Stewart Trenton – The Quinte West OPP continues to investigate Trenton’s Walmart fire as suspicious, said Inspector Christina Reive, Detachment Commander of the Quinte West OPP. “We still have it open as a suspicious fire investigation in conjunction with the Ontario Fire Marshall and we’re waiting for confirmation of cause from the Fire Marshall’s Office,” she said. Reive said the cause of the fire has not been labelled as arson yet, as more investigation is needed to determine the cause. “We are not ruling out arson as a cause, but we haven’t ruled out all of the other possible causes yet either,” she said. The fire, described as relatively small in scope and intensity, touched off alarms and sprinklers at about 3 a.m. on Tuesday Nov. 15 in a storage room behind the footwear department of the store. The blaze was put out shortly after firefighters arrived, but damage from smoke and water throughout the store was extensive. The Walmart Supercentre opened its doors sooner than anticipated just 10 days later on November 25 and has since donated six tractor trailers of food to numerous food banks – items that were not harmed but not permitted to be sold in the store after the fire. Erin Stewart is the reporter for The Quinte West News. She can be reached at erin.stewart@metroland.com . Follow her on Twitter and Facebook. | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Trenton man gets 13 years for beating, stabing ex-partner Snapshot News Trenton man charged with cottage break and enters and possession of property worth thousands Snapshot News Marmora CAO Ronald Chittick loses battles with cancer Snapshot News Well known author, historian Bill (CW) Hunt dies at 85 Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Ballpark development a positive for Hastings: Deputy-Mayor Glare ice closes 401 near Brighton Canada's Competition Bureau drops Apple probe Another round of changes in service delivery approved by Trent Hills Trenton man charged with cottage break and enters and possession of property worth thousands In Your Neighbourhood Today 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Get ready for winter driving Winter roads are on the way and Belleville Mitsubishi wants to ensure you and your car are... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Get free snow tires & rims for your new Mitsubishi Winter is just around the corner and Belleville Mitsubishi wants all new car customers to be ready... Small but mighty, 2017 Mirage G4 sedan sets the pace Mitsubishi continues to lead the way with highly efficient, affordably-priced gasoline-powered... 8 ways to help improve your credit score 2016 is here and many of us are looking for ways to become more financially savvy, pay off debts... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Big savings for small business Two years ago, Ira Kargel and Kevin Wallace of Gears Bike Shop decided they’d had it with halogen... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... Registered Dietitians - an essential part of the healthcare team According to the World Health Organization, an unhealthy diet is one of the primary risk factors... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE NEWS Toronto stock index closes in the red Sharp declines but growth in B.C. real estate Visa-Walmart deal sparks small business concern Canadian-U.S. softwood dispute heats up In Canada, 2016 was all about part-time work PreviousNext Shorelines Casino Belleville opening is ‘imminent’ but no official date set yet QW Fire Department Station 5 collects 3 tonnes of food Belleville Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commitment to Accessibility Commenting Guidelines Contact Us Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work For Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBrockville.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources GoldBook.ca HockeyNow.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe to Kane County Chronicle 4°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports Finance Face Time Corrections Get App Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Get App Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Photos Photo Lists Photo Store Share Photos Galleries Archive Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Photos Video Planit Text Alerts Newsletter Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified St. Charles Geneva Batavia Elburn Sugar Grove Batavia police reports Published: Monday, Dec. 19, 2016 1:24 p.m. CST • Joshaua Chora, 18, of the 1000 block of South Third Street, St. Charles, was charged Dec. 8 with driving with a suspended license and operating an uninsured vehicle on Randall Road, Batavia. • A garage door opener was stolen from a vehicle the night of Dec. 7 in the 1200 block of Nary Court, Batavia, according to a Dec. 8 police report. • A DeWalt 12-inch miter saw valued at $650 was stolen from a vehicle overnight in the 1200 block of Millview Drive, Batavia, according to a Dec. 9 police report. • A case of identity theft in which someone attempted to open accounts was reported Dec. 9 in the 1800 block of Wagner Road, Batavia. • Juan G. Villarreal-Gonzalez, 58, of the 1800 block of Riverside Avenue, St. Charles, was charged Dec. 9 with driving without a valid license, and with improper overtaking at Kingsland and Olympic drives, Batavia. • Aaron D. Feltgen, 35, of the 400 block of West Illinois Avenue, Aurora, was charged Dec. 9 with retail theft from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A lawn was damaged in the 600 block of Alberosky Way, Batavia, according to a Dec. 10 report of criminal damage to property. • A wallet was stolen the night of Dec. 7 from a vehicle in the 1300 block of Challenge Drive, Batavia, according to a Dec. 10 police report. • Patricia A. Ladd, 75, of the 400 block of McKee Street, Batavia, was charged Dec. 10 with retail theft less than $300 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Someone made fraudulent credit card charges totaling about $465 in the 500 block of Viking Drive, Batavia, according to a Dec. 13 police report. • Two females were seen leaving with unpaid-for merchandise in the 200 block of North Randall Road, Batavia, according to a Dec. 13 report of retail theft, that noted one person left on foot and the other in a vehicle. • Cami Lyn Powell, 26, of the 800 block of Taylor Avenue, Aurora, was charged Dec. 13 with driving with a suspended license on West Wilson Street, Batavia. Related Links Glen Ellyn man person of interest in suspicious death in Batavia Filings produce just one council race in Batavia Petition filed to scuttle Batavia home rule Looking Ahead: Batavia eyes energetic 2017 Former director of Fermilab in Batavia to share history Albright Theatre in Batavia to hold auditions for 'Incorruptible' comedy Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Kane County Chronicle. More News Specialist health provider making a moveJan. 6, 2017 - 5:34 pm Two fire district candidates face petition challengesJan. 6, 2017 - 5:17 pm Glen Ellyn man person of interest in suspicious death in BataviaJan. 6, 2017 - 5:17 pm Filings produce just one council race in BataviaJan. 6, 2017 - 10:11 am Petition filed to scuttle Batavia home ruleJan. 6, 2017 - 10:11 am Weekend 5: Music, birding, interactive arts, All-Canada Show on tapJan. 6, 2017 - 5:19 pm About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Fri, Jan 6, 2017 Keyword           News Local News from NewsRadio WGNS CBS National News CBS News MoneyWatch CBS World News Headlines CBS Tech - Science News CBS Entertainment News CBS Health News Obituaries WGNS History Weather Sports MTSU Sports Blue Raider Insider Report with Chip Walters Salutes Good Neighbor of the Day Educator of the Month Demos' Emergency Responder of the Week St. Thomas Heart for Healing Toot's Salutes Local Volunteers Schedule Event Calendar Swap N' Shop WGNS Advertising WGNS History Past Christmas Parades Contact Listen Live Local Info Obituaries (Listen Now) WGNS History Christmas Parade Pictures Support Local Art Churches Local Officials Links On Demand Action Line Truman Show Rutherford Issues Motivational Boost with Steve Yeatts Financial Coaching Radio All Sports Talk High School Games MTSU Games High School Coaches Show MTSU Coaches Shows Rutherford Home Show The PI Program with Ed Raymer Uptown Talk with Thom Christy Las Vegas Duo Arrested in 'Boro for Criminal Simulation Published: December 19, 2016   Email   Print A pair of 27-year old Las Vegas, Nevada, residents have been arrested in Murfreesboro on charges of ID theft and criminal simulation. Yasel Nodarse (left) and Oscar Diaz De La Cruz (right) were arrested recently after the July 25th incident at the Wal-Mart on Memorial. Murfreesboro Police Detective Tyler Smith reports the store's loss prevention associates contacted them after observing Nodarse and Diaz De La Cruz allegedly working together to use multiple credit cards to conduct transactions. Smith's investigation revealed they were in possession of re-encoded magnetic striped cards. SOURCE: MPD Arrest Report 16-14959 Related Articles Road Conditions Due to Snow Murfreesboro woman attacked in her driveway Obituaries (Listen online) Snowfall Exits, Slick Roads Remain Snow Patrol Closings / Cancellations / Delays for SATURDAY 18 Year old dies in I-24 crash in nearby Coffee County Siegel Hires Michael Copley as Football Coach Siegel Hires Michael Copley as Football Coach Bull was on the loose in Murfreesboro Wednesday Senator Alexander Meets with EPA Nominee Scott Pruitt Read more from: News Tags: criminal simulation, ID Theft, Murfreesboro news, Murfreesboro Police, NewsRadio WGNS, Oscar Diaz De La Cruz, Yasel Nodarse        Email   Print WGNS Weather Eye Forecast Murfreesboro, TN weather ADVERTISEMENT Tweets by @WGNSRadio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Rutherford County News Since 1947 eNews and Updates Have Local News Delivered To Your Inbox Subscribe to our RSS Feed State Farm Prep Basketball Monday, August 8, 2016 10:03 am Tuesday, January 10 Oakland at Stewarts Creek Friday, January 13 Stewarts Creek at Siegel Coaches Corner Saturday, August 13, 2016 6:32 am GIRLS BASKETBALL COACHES RIVERDALE - 8:05am SMYRNA - 8:25am BLACKMAN - 8:40am LA VERGNE - 8:55am OAKLAND - 9:10am STEWARTS CREEK - 9:25am SIEGEL - 9:40am EAGLEVILLE - 9:55am MTCS Cougar Corner presented by Hall Bowling Automotive 10:10am Chip Walters has men's basketball games while Dick Palmer brings you Lady Raider action here on your True Blue station, NewsRadio WGNS.   On Air News Register Now Login Search Your Opinion Administration Copyright Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sales Links Contact Us    WGNS Radio - Serving Murfreesboro and Rutherford County, TN Since 1947 Copyright © 2013 by Murfreesboro News and Radio Powered by Bondware News Publishing Software The browser you are using is outdated! You may not be getting all you can out of your browsing experience and may be open to security risks! Consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser or choose on below: Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Ok X Log In to Murfreesboro News and Radio Welcome to the site. Please login. Username/Email: Password: Login Not a Member? Click here to register! Forgot your username or password? Click Here
null
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Pharmacists Will Hand Over Drug Combinations That Could Kill You About Half The Time Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Pharmacists Will Hand Over Drug Combinations That Could Kill You About Half The Time Image courtesy of Steven Depolo December 19, 2016 12:12 pm EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc contraindication pharmacies investigation medication prescription drugs Most chain pharmacies want you to feel safe ordering from them, and so their ads tout the skill, expertise, and personal touch of their tools and personnel. They promise available pharmacists who have computers who alert them to danger, and who can then tell you things like, “Hey, you shouldn’t take these together; it will kill you” if there’s a problem. But as the Chicago Tribune discovered during an in-depth investigation of area pharmacies, that doesn’t happen as often as you’d think. In fact, on average, pharmacists only warned about the hazardous interaction just over half the time — 114 in 223 tests, or 51% of the time. How’d the Tribune get those 223 tests? Reporters for the paper took two contraindicated prescriptions with them, for simultaneous filling, at 223 Chicago-area pharmacies including local independent stores, regional chains, and national chains. They graded each interaction as pass/fail: if the pharmacist noted the interaction and/or tried to contact the prescribing physician about it, that was a pass. If the pharmacist didn’t try either, and just handed over the drugs, that was a fail. Independent pharmacies had the highest fail rate of any the Tribune tried, at 72%, or 23 out of 32 attempts. Next highest was CVS, at a 63% fail rate. Target, Kmart, and Costco also all hovered around a 60% fail rate. Walmart and Jewel-Osco reported in with a 43% failure rate, with regional chain Mariano’s right behind them at 37%. The least likely to kill you? Walgreens, which only (“only”) missed the conflict 30% of the time. Failures were widespread, the paper adds: they happened routinely in low-income neighborhoods as well as in extremely wealthy ones. Even one pharmacy location in a hospital failed. The pharmacists who got it right got it very right, the Tribune reports. “You’ll be on the floor. You can’t have the two together,” one Walgreens pharmacist told a reporter. But a huge number weren’t getting it right at all. After the Tribune released its story, pharmacy regulators and corporations alike sprang into taking-it-seriously action. The executive director of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy — the group that pulls together and represents all the state-level pharmacy regulatory boards — told the Tribune that patient counseling needs to happen more often, and more thoroughly. “Anytime there’s a serious interaction, there’s no excuse for the pharmacist not warning the patient about that interaction,” he said. Laws about patient counseling, however, vary wildly from state to state. Even in states (like Illinois) where pharmacists have to offer, that usually takes the form of the check-out question, “Any questions about this prescription?” However, pharmacists speaking with the Tribune by and large told the paper that there’s just simply not enough time to provide highly personalized service to every customer. Pharmacists are understaffed and overworked, they said. One told the paper that she typically fills 200 prescriptions in a nine-hour shift — that’s less than three minutes per prescription. And that’s an improvement from a previous job, where she said she and one other pharmacists were covering 600 a day in ten-hour shifts. Those time pressures aren’t just about consumers’ perception about how long they wait; at CVS, for example, pharmacists are actually measured, very specifically, on how quickly they are able to get drugs into patients’ hands. A 2012 survey of pharmacists found that nearly two-thirds worked for pharmacies that tracked how much time it takes to fill each prescription, and 25% worked for companies that guaranteed short wait times to shoppers. Haste makes waste… and error. CVS and Walmart both “vowed to take significant steps” to improve their procedures after the Tribune told them its findings, the paper reports. Those steps include pharmacist training, as well as updates to computer alert systems that are supposed to throw a flag when something bad is impending. Costco declined to comment, and Kmart told the Tribune that the results were “an opportunity to look in the mirror” and figure out what they need to do better. The regional chains, Jewel-Osco and Mariano’s, both said that their pharmacists prioritize patient safety. Pharmacies miss half of dangerous drug combinations [Chicago Tribune] December 19, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc contraindication pharmacies investigation medication prescription drugs Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related prying eyes want to know Does Walgreens’ New Up-Close-And-Personal Pharmacy Approach Violate Privacy Laws? is your doctor's name actually Mary Feelgood? CVS Feels Pain Of $22 Million Penalty For Florida Painkiller Pill Mills off target Customers: CVS Takeover Erased Everything Good About Target Pharmacies prescription sticker shock Prescription Price Sticker Shock Is Now A Common Consumer Ailment that's a lotta pills Report: OxyContin Makers Ignored Internal Warnings Of “Organized Drug Ring” & Pill Mills Previous Campbell’s Soup Tries Out Its Own Recipe From 1915 Next Yet Another McDonald’s Location Offering Endless Fries Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Yet Another McDonald’s Location Offering Endless Fries Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Everything you need to know about Best Buy’s NES Classic sale tomorrow Chris Mills BGR NewsDecember 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share If you’re reading this, you probably know how impossible it is to find a NES Classic Edition anywhere right now. Amazon, Target, Walmart and anywhere else you can think of is out of stock, and when consoles do drip-drip into local stores, they’re snapped up before they even go on shelves. Best Buy is having the biggest in-stock event of the holiday season tomorrow, which is probably your best (and last!) chance to get a Classic Edition before Christmas. The company will have stock in 1,000 stores, but according to a blog post, you’ll have to be fast and prepared to get any. Don't Miss: Fresh report offers new details on Apple’s OLED iPhone 8 In the post, the company confirms that stock is coming to “over 1,000” stores nationwide. Best Buy hasn’t confirmed which, but an SEC filing from October reveals that the company has 1,026 stores nationwide. In other words, there should be some NES Classic Edition stock at every single store. I’m guessing that Best Buy isn’t saying this so that if stock is delayed or not delivered to a couple particular locations, it won’t be blamed. The stock is going to be limited, and sold on a first-come-first-served basis. Best Buy is planning for anticipated demand by using a ticketing system. People will almost certainly be waiting in line long before the store is opened, so they’ll be given tickets for a purchase after opening. There will be limit of one ticket (and one NES Classic Edition) per customer, so don’t think you’re going to be getting any to scalp on eBay. In short: get there early (perhaps even overnight), it shouldn’t matter which store you go to, and be prepared to wait for a very long time. You also won’t be able to make resale money off this sale — it’s strictly intended for last-minute Christmas shopping. If plans don’t work out tomorrow, we’ve compiled tips from NES Classic Edition shoppers who have been successful. Mostly, it involves stalking stock at Target, waiting for consoles to show up, and then waiting in line from the very early hours of the morning. Trending right now: This pocket-sized Windows 10 PC costs less than $200 Fresh report offers new details on Apple’s OLED iPhone 8 Super Mario Run’s first update paints a bleak picture for the app’s future See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Travel Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Travel Home Family Travel Budget Travel Cruises Theme Parks Disney Beaches Slideshows Theme Parks Texas man asked to leave Six Flags for looking too much like Santa Claus Published December 15, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print A Texas man was kicked out of Six Flags Over Texas on Saturday.  (iStock) A bearded, bespectacled Texas man isn’t feeling too jolly after being kicked out of a Six Flags theme park for looking too much like Santa Claus. Jerry Henderson of Burleson, Texas says he and his wife have visited Six Flags Over Texas almost every weekend for three years to walk the park for exercise. Henderson, who sports a long white beard, and small, rimless-glasses says park officials never had a problem with his appearance—until Saturday. SIX FLAGS SETS WORLD RECORD FOR 'MOST COUPLES KISSING UNDER MISTLETOE' “This ain’t a costume,” Henderson told CBS Dallas-Fort-Worth of his signature, Santa-like look which he says he’s maintained for almost two decades. During the holiday season, he wears a red vest and Santa hat, too. “I go to Walmart like this. This is me,” he said. “I enjoy making kids smile.” Santa Look-Alike Kicked Out of Six Flags Over Texas https://t.co/gLhLgeEJNl— Dallas VideoFest (@videofest) December 15, 2016 While visiting Six Flags Saturday, Henderson says another park visitor approached him to pose for a picture with her children. That’s when the trouble started. “[I] knelt down, put my arms around them, and afterward I reached in my wife’s walker, pulled out two candy canes, handed it to them,” Henderson said of the encounter. A park security staffer soon approached and immediately told the Kris Kringle lookalike that he was no longer welcome. “’We’re gonna have to ask you to leave’,” Henderson says the guard told him. “I said, ‘For what reason?’ He said, ‘You look too much like Santa Claus.’ And I’m like, ‘Are you kidding me?’ I do not approach kids. The parents come to me.” Henderson claims he then offered to take off his hat and promised to stop handing out any treats but says the park manager told him that wouldn’t be enough—he’d have to get rid of the beard, too. “Not for you, Six Flags, or anybody else, am I shaving my beard off,” said Henderson. He left the park but has filed a complaint, requesting a refund from Six Flags for his season pass. HOW TO GET KICKED OUT OF A THEME PARK When reached by CBS 11, Six Flags released the following statement: “We apologize that Mr. Henderson was inconvenienced, but the safety of our guests is always our highest priority. We cannot knowingly allow individuals who are not approved by the park to interact with small children in this capacity. Mr Henderson was handing out candy to our younger guests and was dressed up as Santa which is in violation of our No Costume policy. When asked to change he refused and at that point was asked to leave.” Many theme parks have strict policies prohibiting adults from wearing unusual costumes. Henderson says he has to yet to hear back about his request for a refund. Advertisement Trending in Travel 1 Airlines react to shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airport, announce travel waivers 2 Airlines cancel hundreds of flights ahead of East Coast storm warnings 3 SeaWorld announces death of Tilikum, killer whale featured in documentary 'Blackfish' 4 'Hidden' hotel resort fees come under fire in FTC report 5 Backlash ensues over park service proposal to allow ads in national parks See all Trends Hotel Finder Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. True Crime A 3-year-old was killed in a road-rage shooting while shopping with his grandmother, police say The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Cleve R. Wootson Jr. December 18, 2016 Follow @CleveWootson   Investigators have been searching this car, right outside the store. pic.twitter.com/o4AlnPKQrK — David Lippman THV11 (@david_lippman) December 18, 2016 A 3-year-old on a preholiday shopping trip with his grandmother was fatally shot by a man who police believe grew impatient when the woman took too long at a stop sign. The boy is the second toddler to be killed in Little Rock in less than a month, Police Chief Kenton Buckner told reporters at a Saturday evening news conference. “This is about as frustrated as you can be as a public safety official, or just a plain citizen who’s sitting and watching this tonight, to think that these kind of things are occurring in our city streets,” he said. “When it involves children, especially kids that are this age, they’re very innocent. They can do very little to protect themselves. You would hope that as a community . . . that we’d do everything we can to protect them.” The shooting occurred just before 6:30 p.m. at the Shackleford Crossings shopping center near the city’s western edge. The collection of stores has a Walmart on one end and a J.C. Penney on the other. On the last weekend before Christmas, it was crammed with shoppers. Among them were the grandmother and the little boy, whose identities have not been released. [His newborn was being fussy. So he threw her into another room, killing her, authorities say.] The woman’s car was stopped at a stop sign near the J.C. Penney, police said. Police say the grandmother didn’t know the man in the car behind her. Tonight's homicide was a road rage incident, the grandma and 3 year old victim are innocent and have no relationship w/ the suspect. — Little Rock Police (@LRpolice) December 18, 2016 Without warning, he opened fire, police said, striking the 3-year-old. The boy died at a children’s hospital a little later. Buckner called the crime “senseless.” “The community should do things that you shouldn’t have to ask the community to do, which is to be law-abiding,” he said. “We cannot have a community to where the least protected among us — being infants — are dying in these senseless crimes.” Little Rock police launched a manhunt for the assailant, but they released only a vague description of the suspect — a tall black man in an older black Chevrolet Impala. We need your help locating an older black Chevrolet Impala being driven by a tall B/M. The incident occurred at Warren & Mablevale Cutoff. — Little Rock Police (@LRpolice) December 18, 2016 Saturday’s shooting comes less than a month after another fatal shooting of a small child riding in a car in Arkansas’s capital. Two days before Thanksgiving, a 2-year-old was fatally shot in the back seat of her mother’s car on South Harrison Street, four miles east of the scene of Saturday’s shooting, according to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Both shootings remain unsolved. Read more: A backpack, a Coke bottle and fake cocaine: Inside a Border Patrol agent’s smuggling arrest ‘I’m going to hit him’: Dash-cam video shows officers tried to run over man before shooting him 14 times A white officer said she was shot by a black man. Then her story started to unravel. local true-crime Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local true-crime Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Cleve Wootson is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post. Follow @CleveWootson Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 ‘I hope I’ve made you proud.’ First lady Michelle Obama chokes up during speech to educators 2 PM Update: Snow arrives pre-dawn, departs Saturday afternoon, slick roads likely 3 Snow likely Saturday in D.C. area, heavy amounts possible in southeast suburbs 4 House Republicans revive obscure rule that allows them to slash the pay of individual federal workers to $1 5 Muslim woman who voted for Trump asks Georgetown to intervene over professor’s ‘hateful, vulgar’ messages Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local true-crime Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs professional, tech savvy, customer service associate Sparks Group bright hr business partner Sparks Group dedicated office services associate Sparks Group washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere By Reuters Published: 11:07 EST, 18 December 2016 | Updated: 11:07 EST, 18 December 2016 e-mail By Chris Prentice NEW YORK, Dec 18 (Reuters) - Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month, but she may hold for some time the other distinction she earned during her time in the White House: America's best known advocate for healthy food. The non-profit organization she helped create as first lady, Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA), where she is honorary chair, will continue its work convincing food companies to improve nutrition content and labeling of products, the group said. "Michelle Obama has been a tremendous leader in this space," said Larry Soler, president and chief executive of the group. "That legacy is going to continue for a long time after this." When President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress take over on Jan. 20, lawmakers are expected to take aim at what one of them has called "burdensome new rules" on food. School lunches and menu labeling standards are likely to be among the changes that may come under fire. Trump, a self-professed fan of junk food, has not been explicit on what he plans to do with food policy, although he campaigned for the Nov. 8 election on a broad promise to undo regulations on business. Nutrition advocates believe that, regardless of regulatory changes, private sector partnerships forged under Michelle Obama's time at PHA are likely to endure. The first lady helped launch PHA in 2010, in conjunction with her broader 'Let's Move!' effort to tackle childhood obesity in the United States. Since then, the organization has inked voluntary deals with scores of food companies, universities, hospitals and hotel chains aimed at improving nutritional content in food offerings. Companies that have made such agreements, like the world's No.1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc and convenience store chain Kwik Trip, say they expect to uphold the commitments they have made regardless of any policy changes in Washington. "Our commitment to provide healthy food - specifically for young people - will not only continue but it will grow," said a spokesman for Wisconsin-based Kwik Trip, which agreed with PHA this year to offer more fruit, vegetables and whole-grain foods at its stores at low cost. PHA said its work will continue unabated after the Obamas leave the White House, and expects that consumer demand will continue to drive companies to participate. The first lady expects to continue her work on the issue, though it is unclear exactly what her role will be. "I will always be here as a partner in this effort - always," she said earlier this year. 'ON HIGH ALERT' Michelle Obama took her healthy eating agenda from the White House - where she built an organic vegetable garden - to the halls of Congress, where she lobbied lawmakers in the passage in 2010 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act. Republicans balked at renewing elements of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act in 2015 and the House of Representatives introduced legislation that critics say would dial back access to the program. Republican Representative Todd Rokita from Indiana this year introduced legislation to overhaul the school lunch program, in part to make sure that "the First Lady Michelle Obama-inspired nutrition standards are revised so that school food is more edible." He has also said he plans to work toward reforms of "burdensome new rules" with the new president. Also under threat may be another measure to usher in more detailed labeling requirements for menus at restaurants and grocery stores, which passed as part of the 2010 health overhaul known as the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare. Trump has said he will repeal Obamacare. "We have a sense of (Trump's) personal eating habits, but not his view of food policy. But given his anti-regulatory, anti-science rhetoric, we're on high alert," said Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington. A spokesman for Trump's transition team did not respond to requests for comment. Melania Trump, who last month pinpointed cyber-bullying as her cause as first lady, has not mentioned interest in the healthy eating issue. Trump's early choices in building his administration have also triggered some concerns among healthy food advocates. He has nominated Representative Tom Price of Georgia to head the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the National Institutes of Health and works to develop dietary guidelines with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Price is an opponent of Obamacare and voted for a bill that would have banned state labeling of genetically-modified ingredients. Trump has yet to select an agriculture secretary. Regardless of legislative repeals, supporters of Michelle Obama's efforts to get healthier food into mainstream America believe the impact of her work cannot be undone. "There was very little positive industry action before she got there. Health and obesity issues weren't on their agendas," said Sam Kass, a chef and former executive director of 'Let's Move!' who also served as President Barack Obama's nutrition policy advisor. "Now it is the top priority for every CEO." (Reporting by Chris Prentice; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Mary Milliken) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' 'Generous energy.' Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in NYC Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! FKA twigs shows off her eccentric style sense in an oversized khaki co-ord and tiger print waistcoat at LFW Flashing a hint of leg with a thigh-high split Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 19 December 2016 | MYT 12:15 AM Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere by chris prentice NEW YORK (Reuters) - Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month, but she may hold for some time the other distinction she earned during her time in the White House: America's best known advocate for healthy food.     The non-profit organisation she helped create as first lady, Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA), where she is honorary chair, will continue its work convincing food companies to improve nutrition content and labelling of products, the group said.     "Michelle Obama has been a tremendous leader in this space," said Larry Soler, president and chief executive of the group. "That legacy is going to continue for a long time after this." When President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress take over on Jan. 20, lawmakers are expected to take aim at what one of them has called "burdensome new rules" on food. School lunches and menu labelling standards are likely to be among the changes that may come under fire. Trump, a self-professed fan of junk food, has not been explicit on what he plans to do with food policy, although he campaigned for the Nov. 8 election on a broad promise to undo regulations on business. Nutrition advocates believe that, regardless of regulatory changes, private sector partnerships forged under Michelle Obama's time at PHA are likely to endure. The first lady helped launch PHA in 2010, in conjunction with her broader 'Let's Move!' effort to tackle childhood obesity in the United States.     Since then, the organisation has inked voluntary deals with scores of food companies, universities, hospitals and hotel chains aimed at improving nutritional content in food offerings.     Companies that have made such agreements, like the world's No.1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc and convenience store chain Kwik Trip, say they expect to uphold the commitments they have made regardless of any policy changes in Washington.     "Our commitment to provide healthy food – specifically for young people – will not only continue but it will grow," said a spokesman for Wisconsin-based Kwik Trip, which agreed with PHA this year to offer more fruit, vegetables and whole-grain foods at its stores at low cost.     PHA said its work will continue unabated after the Obamas leave the White House, and expects that consumer demand will continue to drive companies to participate. The first lady expects to continue her work on the issue, though it is unclear exactly what her role will be.    "I will always be here as a partner in this effort – always," she said earlier this year.          'ON HIGH ALERT' Michelle Obama took her healthy eating agenda from the White House - where she built an organic vegetable garden - to the halls of Congress, where she lobbied lawmakers in the passage in 2010 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act. Republicans balked at renewing elements of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act in 2015 and the House of Representatives introduced legislation that critics say would dial back access to the program. Republican Representative Todd Rokita from Indiana this year introduced legislation to overhaul the school lunch program, in part to make sure that "the First Lady Michelle Obama-inspired nutrition standards are revised so that school food is more edible." He has also said he plans to work toward reforms of "burdensome new rules" with the new president.     Also under threat may be another measure to usher in more detailed labelling requirements for menus at restaurants and grocery stores, which passed as part of the 2010 health overhaul known as the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare. Trump has said he will repeal Obamacare.     "We have a sense of (Trump's) personal eating habits, but not his view of food policy. But given his anti-regulatory, anti-science rhetoric, we're on high alert," said Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington.     A spokesman for Trump's transition team did not respond to requests for comment. Melania Trump, who last month pinpointed cyber-bullying as her cause as first lady, has not mentioned interest in the healthy eating issue.     Trump's early choices in building his administration have also triggered some concerns among healthy food advocates.     He has nominated Representative Tom Price of Georgia to head the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the National Institutes of Health and works to develop dietary guidelines with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Price is an opponent of Obamacare and voted for a bill that would have banned state labelling of genetically-modified ingredients.     Trump has yet to select an agriculture secretary.     Regardless of legislative repeals, supporters of Michelle Obama's efforts to get healthier food into mainstream America believe the impact of her work cannot be undone.     "There was very little positive industry action before she got there. Health and obesity issues weren't on their agendas," said Sam Kass, a chef and former executive director of 'Let's Move!' who also served as President Barack Obama's nutrition policy advisor.    "Now it is the top priority for every CEO." (Reporting by Chris Prentice; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Mary Milliken) You May Be Interested Five new innovations for a better nights sleep MyEG secures another big job The powerful RM100mil men of the ministries Quality homes below RM400k Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors? Consumer groups want traders to provide alternatives for plastic bags Others Also Read Stop promotion as commercial carrier, Ritz Airlines warned MBPJ honours five who tirelessly champion cleanliness Murray and Djokovic face off in Doha final advertisement Latest News Terengganu flood victims rise to 1,473 Trump's aides say president-elect open to Russian hack info In emotional farewell speech, Michelle Obama praises diversity Genting Sempah tunnel to close for 60 days beginning Tuesday Five dead, eight wounded in Florida airport shooting Most Viewed in News Man forces wife to prostitute herself for RM50 Five dead, eight wounded in Florida airport shooting True or Not: Tiger seen along East Coast Highway Toddler rescued from dark, dirty home Picture of rat in food warmer goes viral Social media abuzz over pageant costume Beating traffic jams with bike cabs Genting Sempah tunnel to close for 60 days beginning Tuesday Search for missing MH370 ends in two weeks MAS: Bangalore flight turns back due to safety concerns Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Sun Dec 18, 2016 | 11:23am EST Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere left right U.S. first lady Michelle Obama helps prepare a salad using the summer crop from the White House Kitchen Garden at the White House in Washington June 12, 2014. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Phoro 1/4 left right First Lady Michelle Obama (C) encourages a youngster with a pitchfork as they harvest vegetables in the White House Kitchen Garden, where she is promoting healthy eating habits by the nation's youth, in Washington, U.S. October 6, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Theiler/File Photo 2/4 left right U.S. first lady Michelle Obama (C) and President Barack Obama confess that their favorite junk foods are french fries (her) and chips and guacamole (him) as they play host to a Kids State Dinner for children who won a healthy-foods recipe contest, at the White House in Washington July 18, 2014. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo 3/4 left right U.S. first lady Michelle Obama talks to local elementary school students after picking vegetables with them during the annual fall harvest of the White House Kitchen Garden at the White House in Washington, October 6, 2015. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo 4/4 By Chris Prentice | NEW YORK NEW YORK Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month, but she may hold for some time the other distinction she earned during her time in the White House: America's best known advocate for healthy food.     The non-profit organization she helped create as first lady, Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA), where she is honorary chair, will continue its work convincing food companies to improve nutrition content and labeling of products, the group said.     "Michelle Obama has been a tremendous leader in this space," said Larry Soler, president and chief executive of the group. "That legacy is going to continue for a long time after this." When President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress take over on Jan. 20, lawmakers are expected to take aim at what one of them has called "burdensome new rules" on food. School lunches and menu labeling standards are likely to be among the changes that may come under fire. Trump, a self-professed fan of junk food, has not been explicit on what he plans to do with food policy, although he campaigned for the Nov. 8 election on a broad promise to undo regulations on business. Nutrition advocates believe that, regardless of regulatory changes, private sector partnerships forged under Michelle Obama's time at PHA are likely to endure. The first lady helped launch PHA in 2010, in conjunction with her broader 'Let's Move!' effort to tackle childhood obesity in the United States.     Since then, the organization has inked voluntary deals with scores of food companies, universities, hospitals and hotel chains aimed at improving nutritional content in food offerings.     Companies that have made such agreements, like the world's No.1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc and convenience store chain Kwik Trip, say they expect to uphold the commitments they have made regardless of any policy changes in Washington.     "Our commitment to provide healthy food – specifically for young people – will not only continue but it will grow," said a spokesman for Wisconsin-based Kwik Trip, which agreed with PHA this year to offer more fruit, vegetables and whole-grain foods at its stores at low cost.     PHA said its work will continue unabated after the Obamas leave the White House, and expects that consumer demand will continue to drive companies to participate. The first lady expects to continue her work on the issue, though it is unclear exactly what her role will be.    "I will always be here as a partner in this effort – always," she said earlier this year.          'ON HIGH ALERT' Michelle Obama took her healthy eating agenda from the White House - where she built an organic vegetable garden - to the halls of Congress, where she lobbied lawmakers in the passage in 2010 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act. Republicans balked at renewing elements of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act in 2015 and the House of Representatives introduced legislation that critics say would dial back access to the program. Republican Representative Todd Rokita from Indiana this year introduced legislation to overhaul the school lunch program, in part to make sure that "the First Lady Michelle Obama-inspired nutrition standards are revised so that school food is more edible." He has also said he plans to work toward reforms of "burdensome new rules" with the new president.     Also under threat may be another measure to usher in more detailed labeling requirements for menus at restaurants and grocery stores, which passed as part of the 2010 health overhaul known as the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare. Trump has said he will repeal Obamacare.     "We have a sense of (Trump's) personal eating habits, but not his view of food policy. But given his anti-regulatory, anti-science rhetoric, we're on high alert," said Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington.     A spokesman for Trump's transition team did not respond to requests for comment. Melania Trump, who last month pinpointed cyber-bullying as her cause as first lady, has not mentioned interest in the healthy eating issue.     Trump's early choices in building his administration have also triggered some concerns among healthy food advocates.     He has nominated Representative Tom Price of Georgia to head the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the National Institutes of Health and works to develop dietary guidelines with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Price is an opponent of Obamacare and voted for a bill that would have banned state labeling of genetically-modified ingredients.     Trump has yet to select an agriculture secretary.     Regardless of legislative repeals, supporters of Michelle Obama's efforts to get healthier food into mainstream America believe the impact of her work cannot be undone.     "There was very little positive industry action before she got there. Health and obesity issues weren't on their agendas," said Sam Kass, a chef and former executive director of 'Let's Move!' who also served as President Barack Obama's nutrition policy advisor.    "Now it is the top priority for every CEO." (Reporting by Chris Prentice; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Mary Milliken) Next In Politics Anarchists threaten to disrupt Trump inauguration, police say ready WASHINGTON Anarchist groups have threatened to shut down Republican Donald Trump's swearing-in as U.S. president, but police in Washington said on Friday they believe the thousands of security officers assigned to the event will be able to head off any disruption. Trump to order anti-hacking plan within 90 days of taking office: statement WASHINGTON President-elect Donald Trump said he had a "constructive" meeting with members of U.S. intelligence agencies on Friday and plans to appoint a team to give him a plan to combat cyber attacks within 90 days of taking office on Jan. 20. Trump to seek probe of secret report he says was given to NBC WASHINGTON President-elect Donald Trump said on Friday that he would ask congressional committees to investigate NBC's receipt of top secret information, apparently referring to a report on Russian hacking to influence the 2016 U.S. election. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures of the Week Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Jan 06, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Living Holiday help for the hungry Those in need can count on busy Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank By Mary Bilyeu  | BLADE FOOD EDITOR Published on Dec. 18, 2016 | Updated 10:01 a. m. Bill Magnum, left, and Bruce Meyer, right, from the Anthony Wayne Community Food Ministry, Waterville, shop the canned goods for their ministry at the Toledo Northwest Ohio Food Bank. The Blade/Andy Morrison Buy This Image Jamie Warren and fellow volunteers Anthony Terrell, left, and Ashon Davis sort frozen meat at the Toledo Northwest Ohio Food Bank. The Blade/Andy Morrison Buy This Image Jessica Calevro, right, Chad Balhoff, center, and Ryan Retzlaff, left, of Citizens Bank, organize food for holiday food baskets at the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank. The Blade/Amy E. Voigt Buy This Image Turkeys are piled at the food bank. The Blade/Amy E. Voigt Buy This Image The warehouse is stocked at the Toledo Northwest Ohio Food Bank. The Blade/Andy Morrison Buy This Image Squashes fill a crate at the food bank. The Blade/Andy Morrison Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Staff members and volunteers at the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank are as busy as elves at the North Pole these days, making every effort to put some “ho ho ho” into the holidays of those who don’t always have enough to eat. “It’s really neat to see the community come together during the holidays,” said Kayla Lewandowski, marketing and events coordinator for the food bank at 24 E. Woodruff Ave. “We do see more organizations and schools looking to give back during the holiday season.” For decades, the Toledo-based food bank has been one of the most impactful nonprofits in northwest Ohio, serving 250 member agencies in Defiance, Fulton, Henry, Lucas, Ottawa, Sandusky, Williams, and Wood counties. “We are a warehouse that delivers to member agencies, so we do not deliver [food directly] to the public here,” Ms. Lewandowski explained. “In the past 31 years, we’ve delivered 100 million tons of food.” The food bank receives, packages, and redistributes food donations, serving nonprofits as diverse as “food pantries, soup kitchens, [and] services for seniors,” she observed. “We view ourselves as a distribution warehouse. All of the food comes here first, and then we have mobile drop-offs for our agencies, or a lot of them come here and pick it up. “A lot of individuals [in need] will call us, and we can look at their location by ZIP code and see [what member agency is] available in their area.” As a member of Feeding America, the nation’s largest domestic hunger relief organization with 200 food banks and 60,000 food pantries, the local organization adheres to rules governing everything from the types of charities being served and financial audits to safety standards and performance benchmarks against other food banks. Feeding America also has access to national donors such as Kellogg’s, Costco, and Wal-Mart, and helps coordinate delivery of materials that feed as many as 46 million Americans each year through member food banks. Volunteers are an integral part of the organization’s operation. Locally “we do have quite a few school groups,” Ms. Lewandowski said, along with many others who come to help sort donations, particularly at this time of year. Bruce Meyer, Bill Magrun, and Craig Nichols from the Anthony Wayne Community Food Ministry in Waterville, which distributes food to those in need on the second and fourth Tuesdays of each month, were picking up groceries at the food bank earlier in December to share with clients. “We call it a ‘food ministry,’ because we try to minister to our clientele more than just a box of food,” Mr. Meyer said. “They actually get a shopping cart and go through like at the grocery store,” an important way to maintain dignity and to feel empowered by the ability to make individual choices. The men have noticed a distinct increase in need during the holidays. “We normally get between 80 and 90 families,” Mr. Meyer said. “The Tuesday before Thanksgiving, we had 110. That’s families,” he pointed out, “so about 400 people.” Stereotypes persist about the hungry. Mr. Meyer said, “We get a lot of ‘In Waterville?’ ” as people question the need in an area that is generally considered to be relatively affluent.  “By the grace of God, it could be any of us,” he said. When he first started volunteering with the ministry after retiring in August, he was surprised and touched to learn that many people who receive assistance also help out at the site. Mr. Magrun said people tell him, “We can’t help financially, but we can help physically.” “Food insecurity is prevalent all year ’round,” Ms. Lewandowski said. In 2015, nearly 8 million meals were provided through the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank to feed 576,000 people (191,900 of whom were children). Winter and summer are the busiest times of year for the food bank, Ms Lewandowski said. She said that during vacation periods, many children depend on their services for meals that are normally served at school. “Individuals and families that are food insecure aren’t necessarily insecure all the time,” Ms. Lewandowski said. Situations can be fluid, and each person contends with his or her own unique circumstances. Some people have to choose between food and medicine, others between groceries and paying for utilities such as heat. Part-time employment can come with irregular schedules and varying hours, providing inconsistent income. And sometimes emergency situations arise. “There isn’t just one face of hunger,” Ms. Lewandowski said. And with the great need in this area, “we really do rely on the generosity of our donors” to feed people in northwest Ohio, she said. Financial contributions are welcome, too, in addition to donations of provisions ranging from healthful non-perishable foods to personal hygiene items. The food bank can shop in bulk and take advantage of discounts to extend its buying power. “With a dollar, we can provide four meals,” Ms. Lewandowski said. Those who would like to support the Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank can host a collection or shop at the virtual food drive, which allows patrons to shop online and select which items to donate at “checkout.” In addition to the staff at the food bank, many people play a role in helping to help make the holiday season brighter for those in need: groups that provide food, companies that donate funds, volunteers who sort donations, and local agencies that distribute groceries. “It’s amazing to see everyone come together, because it really is important work,” Ms. Lewandowski said. For example, the Carving Out Hunger program received “a really generous donation” from Citizens Bank, Ms. Lewandowski said, enabling the food bank to purchase turkeys at Thanksgiving. “We provided the turkeys” to agencies, she said, including soup kitchens, nonprofit day care centers, and programs for the elderly. Representatives from those agencies then shopped from the food bank’s warehouse to complete the festive meals and provide extra groceries beyond one day’s special dinner. They “then directed the food to clients of their organizations.” Contact Mary Bilyeu at  mbilyeu@theblade.com  or 419-724-6155 or on Twitter @BladeFoodPage. Related Items Toledo Northwestern Ohio Food Bank , Mary bilyeu , Kayla Lewandowski , Feeding America , Anthony Wayne Community Food Ministry , Carving Out Hunger Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2016 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Will Free Shipping Ruin Amazon’s Holiday? By Douglas A. McIntyre December 18, 2016 7:22 am EST Print Email Tweet Free shipping. One of the phases investors least like to hear about Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN). Each year when Amazon releases quarterly earnings which cover the holiday period, shareholders get ready to cringe Free shipping was one of the ingenious inventions of founder Jeff Bezos. Unlike drones, Amazon Web Services, and streaming video, it has been seen as a huge loss leader, and one which may be too much loss and too little leader. In theory, free shipping gives Amazon an edge over rivals like Walmart (NYSE: WMT). The theory lost some of its power when other retailers offered free shipping (usually for two day delivery). At that point, free shipping became as much a defensive move as a revolutionary business practice Bezos has made it clear repeatedly, more by practice than by comment, that he is willing to spend to grow, and spend in a manner that can make profits razor thin. Free shipping is not the only evidence of this. The Kindle, one of the early e-readers, lost money. The Fire Phone was blamed for losses in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Kindle became the cornerstone of Amazon’s e-book dominance. The Fire was essentially killed off. Since free shipping is to a large extent rolled up in the Prime service, which includes a large number of other benefits like video streaming and photo storage. In that context, it could be argued that free shipping makes money. As a bundled service, that could be true. However, it continues to beg the question of whether free shipping should be viewed as an independent part of the Amazon business, no matter how it helps or hurts other segments Bezos has never been terribly forthcoming about margins on individual businesses. It has only been recently that the company broke out the profits of the wildly successful AWS. Of course, it make money, so why not disclose it? Free shipping, not so much By Douglas A. McIntyre « 5 Real Estate Trends for 2017 Marijuana News Roundup: Senators Urge Banking Overhaul for Cannabis Businesses » Read more: Retail Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most Dangerous Cars in America America's Best States to Live In America's Fastest Growing (and Shrinking) Housing Markets 18 Biggest Companies That May IPO in 2017 The Worst Companies to Work For Recent DryShips, Merrimack Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Nike, Goldman Sachs Lift DJIA Friday 2016 Boeing Commercial Orders Fall Far Short of Deliveries Friday’s 6 Biopharma Movers That Can’t Be Ignored Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Will Comcast Dethrone Walt Disney as Box Office King in 2017? How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide 2 Numbers PayPal Investors Should Watch Kaplan: Fed should be able to raise interest rates gradually, patiently Fed's Kaplan says oil market will reach balance in first half of this year Stage Stores shares down 17.5% in after-hours trading Momenta (MNTA) to Receive $50M Under CSL Collaboration Why Microchip Is a Better Semiconductor Stock than Monolithic Will AMD's Vega Pose a Threat to NVIDIA's GPU Dominance? Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 U.S. job growth slows, but wages rebound strongly In sign of more hawkish Fed, Evans nods to three rate hikes Will Comcast Dethrone Walt Disney as Box Office King in 2017? Ford plant turns 'cemetery' as Trump wrenches Mexican autos How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide These Gadgets Are Designed To Save Your Sleep World's Coral Reefs Are Headed For Major Die-Off Vietnamese Refugee In Canada Now Helping Syrian Family Resettle Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 18, 2016December 18, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere By Chris Prentice | NEW YORK Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month, but she may hold for some time the other distinction she earned during her time in the White House: America’s best known advocate for healthy food.     The non-profit organization she helped create as first lady, Partnership for a Healthier America Read more at Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trump aide plays down prospect of upending 'one China' policy Next PostNext Trump aide plays down prospect of upending ‘one China’ policy Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Poor white bear slips and slides in viral outtakes for car ad – Roadshow January 7, 2017 US government sues D-Link over alleged security flaws – CNET January 7, 2017 ​US warns of 'imminent' cyberattack threat on electrical grid – CNET January 7, 2017 Smart home experts hope 'magic' moments will convert nonbelievers – CNET January 7, 2017 Smile! Man tries to rob store that sells surveillance cameras – CNET January 7, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contests e-Edition Obits -8° Partly cloudy Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Random Acts of Kindness Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs Connect with Us     Community Rotary wheelbarrow and food raffle a success   by  Staff Writer - Penticton Western News Penticton posted Dec 18, 2016 at 10:00 AM Rotarian Gloria Wozniuk (left) and Rotary Club of Penticton president Barb Hoolaeff helped out selling raffle tickets for the annual Wheelbarrow and Food Raffle. — image credit: Submitted photo A long standing Christmas tradition in Penticton took place recently. The Rotary Club of Penticton held their annual Wheelbarrow and Food Raffle in five stores – IGA, Safeway, Save-On, Superstore and Walmart. About 50 volunteers, like Rotarian Gloria Wozniuk (left) and Rotary Club of Penticton president Barb Hoolaeff helped out selling raffle tickets. This popular raffle raised over $2,800 for Soupateria and The Salvation Army Food Bank. Winners took home a wheelbarrow filled with groceries from each store. The winners are shown on the Rotary Club website at http://www.pentictonrotary.org/     We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Raffl, Couturier help Flyers beat Jets 5-2 (November 17, 2016) Raffl scores late, Flyers beat Oilers for 7th straight win (December 08, 2016) Rotary book sale wraps up Saturday (April 21, 2016) Rotary car show in memory of Ruby (July 28, 2016) Rotary collecting used instruments for Penticton children (September 30, 2016) Rotary Club set to unite for End Polio Now initiative (October 23, 2016) Penticton-Okanagan Rotary Club choose Dawkins as unsung citizen (November 05, 2016) Edmonton Oilers navigating new, somewhat disorienting challenge -- success (October 25, 2016) You might like ... Community Events, January 2017 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 Penticton Western News Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Random Acts of Kindness Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs Featured News Kelowna News About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2017  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Style The giant holiday popcorn tin has invaded your life once again The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Monica Hesse December 18, 2016 Follow @MonicaHesse (Nicki DeMarco,Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post) The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin sends a message, which is, “I was thinking of you, but not until I was already in the checkout aisle of Big Lots.” It says, “Once again, I have drawn the Secret Santa name of a co-worker I do not know.” It says, “I’m a single 23-year-old man who has been invited to a potluck and does not own baking tins.” It says, “I may go to a party, in which case this is my hostess gift, or I may skip the party, in which case I will eat the popcorn, alone, while watching ‘The Holiday’ starring Cameron Diaz.” The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin is resigned to its lot in life, just as you are, with a blend of fat, salt, anxiety and coma, and that is what makes it the perfect gift of 2016. It is the only unifying force that can bring together America today. Let us buy one. The giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin is sitting — part of a massive wall of festive $5 multi-gallon tubs — at the entrance of your local Walmart. Or Costco. Or Staples, always Staples, the office-supply overlords having realized that in the middle of December, people don’t feel the need for three-ring binders, they feel the need for popcorn in faux cheddar, butter and caramel varieties. These customers feel the need to put the popcorn next to the office microwave with a handwritten note: “Take some!” Watch, as someone from Chicago insists that in Chicago, everyone eats the popcorn by mixing the flavors. Watch, as someone else not from Chicago sneaks back and fastidiously separates the flavors back into their original partitions, kernel by kernel. “I have an aunt who always gives the tins to me,” says Nathan Britten, who works in the insurance industry in Oklahoma City. “So I this year I re-gifted it to my office. I put it in the break room and figured somebody would eat it. Everyone ate it. This tin was special — it had caramel, cheese and kettle instead of butter. My power ranking is the caramel corn first, followed by cheese and then the kettle. I have no idea where my aunt gets these. Or where they come from. Man, where do they come from?” Let us discover where they come from, by flipping over a giant tri-flavor tin and reading the label on the bottom: The popcorn comes from North Prairie, Wis., home of Gourmet Gift Concepts, which sells 4.5 million tins each holiday season. The rest of the year they sell the popcorn in vending machines, along with pretzels, cheese curls and Zesty Ranch Corn Chips. But their raison d’être is giant tri-flavor popcorn tins. On a recent afternoon, the chief executive of Gourmet Gift Concepts, a man named Tim Fromm, was reached on his cellphone: “If you lined up all of our holiday popcorn tins that we produced in 2016,” Fromm says, “you could start at the White House and end at Fenway Park in Boston.” Fromm has been in the popcorn business for the better part of two decades, and he knows what sells. “Lab puppies on a tin are always going to be your number-one seller. A snowman might come second. And Santa — unfortunately for Santa, he’s always last.” (Fromm thinks Santa is too denominational.) (Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post) “Some customers tell us the best part of a Gourmet Select tin is the delicious popcorn, others tell us it’s the usage of the tin as storage,” says Gourmet Gift Concept’s website. “See below for just a few of its many after-uses.” Some of the after-uses and their potential contents include: Waste Basket. Jewelry. Golf Balls. Pens. Shoes. Pet Food Storage. “I was in the Kmart on 34th Street, looking for sweaters to wear to an ugly-Christmas-sweater party,” says Joanne Nosuchinsky, a one-time Fox News contributor and former Miss New York USA. “And they had a whole display of the tins with Rudolph, and snowmen, and snowflakes and what have you. I brought it to the party, and at first it was like, ‘Really, Joanne, with the popcorn?’ But then I have to tell you that everyone at that party went back to the tin multiple times. I brought little cups so everyone wasn’t digging into it with gross flu hands. It made everyone feel better.” Somewhere, there are people who buy their giant tri-color popcorn tins not from Kmart, but from Garrett, the fancy original holiday popcornmaker, where a tin can run $80. Somewhere, there are people who prefer Harry & David nut brittles, or those snack trays that come with summer sausage and stone-ground crackers. Those gifts have their roles, but they are not the role of the giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin, whose main role is this: Taking down any giant tin requires the participation and dedication of many people. It cannot be accomplished alone. It requires people of varying taste buds and eating styles all working together, putting aside their differences in favor of one common goal. Republicans, attack the cheese. Democrats, to the caramel. Leave the butter to the undecideds, the nonvoters, the rejected secretary of state candidates. In a year that felt like wall-to-wall exhaustion and misery, we need a measure of mindless, bland snacking. We need something that makes us realize that Americans can work together on something, and that thing is the giant tri-flavor holiday popcorn tin. It’s not the greatest snack. But in 2016, you take what you can get. And use your new tin as a wastebasket. lifestyle style true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Monica Hesse is a staff writer for the Post Style section. She frequently writes about culture, the Web and the intersection of the two. Follow @MonicaHesse Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 President Obama to host a goodbye party at the White House on Friday 2 What happens when narcissists become parents 3 How one company eliminated food waste: The ‘landfill can no longer be an option.’ 4 An organizer’s strategies for 5 problem areas of the home 5 What’s the best fitness routine for you? Consider your personality. lifestyle style Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TICK TOCK Here are the last dates you can order presents from major retailers for guaranteed Christmas delivery Written by Amy X. Wang December 18, 2016 A sprint, not a marathon. (Reuters/Sergio Perez) Share Written by Amy X. Wang December 18, 2016 We live in a miraculous world of one-click retail and zippy shipping speeds, but come holiday season, all of the orderliness we expect from online shopping can be thrown into madness. The closer it gets to Christmas, the trickier it is to get timely delivery. Clocks are ticking—so Quartz has compiled a list of cutoff dates for guaranteed Dec. 25 delivery that are currently being promised by the US’s biggest online retailers. This one’s for all the last-minute holiday gift-buyers out there. Amazon Non-Prime members have until Dec. 19 to place Christmas-guaranteed orders, while Prime members have all the way up until Christmas Eve (Dec. 24)—but only for items that are eligible for same-day or two-hour delivery. Amazon can be a little complicated. To be safe, Prime members should still make all purchases on Dec. 22 or before. Best Buy Wednesday, Dec. 21, before 10:30am central time. Target For standard shipping: Dec. 19 Premium: Dec. 22 Express: Dec. 23 Rush: Dec 24 Walmart For standard shipping: Tuesday, Dec. 20. Two-day shipping for select toys (free): Wednesday, Dec. 21. Rush delivery: Thursday, Dec. 22. Other popular retailers— Brand Cut-off date Barnes & Noble Dec. 19 (standard shipping for non-members); Dec. 20 (free express shipping for members) Bed, Bath & Beyond Dec. 19 (standard), Dec. 21 (expedited), Dec. 22 (express) Bloomingdales Dec. 21 (standard and premium), Dec. 22 (express) Gap Dec. 18 (free shipping), Dec. 22 (one-day shipping) Macy’s Dec. 21 (free and premium shipping), Dec. 22 (express), Dec. 24 (in-store pickup and same-day delivery) Nordstrom Dec. 22 (free standard shipping), Dec. 23 (rush) Toys R Us Dec. 19 (free), Dec. 21 (expedited and express), Dec. 24 (in-store pickup) Delivery companies FedEx will get your package delivered by Christmas if you send it before Dec. 22 (Standard Overnight, Priority Overnight, and First Overnight) and for a little extra cash Dec. 23 (SameDay City) and Dec. 25 (SameDay and SameDay City Priority). For UPS: Dec. 22 (Next Day Air) and Dec. 23 (Next Day Air, Saturday Option). And for USPS: Dec. 20 (First-Class Mail), Dec. 21. (Priority Mail), Dec. 22 (DDU Drop Ship), and Dec. 23 (Priority Mail Express Service). In general, for both personal shipping and online retail orders, you can expect prices to go up—sometimes even double—every day during the week leading up to Dec. 25, so it’s a smart idea to lock down your holiday shopping as soon as possible, before things get truly hectic. And sadly: Free shipping day, Dec. 16, is already past. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Roseville massage employee charged with allegedly assaulting customer Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Kim Kardashian West breaks silence on Paris heist: 'There's no way out' Ex-NBA player aims to build giant apartment complex in Brooklyn Center next Business 407155036 Business people A review of movement in the Twin Cities' business community.  December 18, 2016 — 2:00pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Moving up U.S. Bank, Minneapolis, named Gunjan Kedia vice chairman of its wealth management and securities services division. Kedia was an executive vice president and management committee member at State Street and was a partner at McKinsey & Co. She has served on the board for American Red Cross of Massachusetts, Carnegie Mellon Tepper Business School, State Street Syntel and Boston Financial Data Services. Science Museum of Minnesota, St. Paul, named Mimi Daly Larson vice president of mission advancement. Larson was senior vice president of marketing, development and public policy at Scholarship America and was vice president of marketing for the Greater Twin Cities United Way. The Marvin Cos., Warroad, named Krischelle Tennessen chief human resources officer. Tennessen was senior vice president of grow people/human resources at Krause Holdings in Iowa and held senior human resources positions for Wal-Mart. Hired, Minneapolis, named Julie Brekke executive director. Brekke was senior vice president of employment readiness at Project for Pride in Living. Resource, Minneapolis, named Tina Palmer vice president of external relations. Palmer was vice president of development for Catholic Charities of St. Paul and Minneapolis and served as president of the Association of Fundraising Professionals Minnesota Chapter. Mortenson, Golden Valley, named Brent Webb development manager. Webb was a business development associate for Sherman Associates and serves on the board for the Minneapolis Downtown Council and Place. HGA Architects and Engineers, Minneapolis, named Melissa Jancourt workplace strategist. Jancourt was an interior designer/workplace strategist for RSP Architects and will serve on the CoreNet Global-Midwest Chapter board in 2017. On the board Thrivent Financial, Minneapolis, named Lynn Crump-Caine to the board. Crump-Caine was an executive vice president of worldwide operations for McDonald’s Corp. and is founder of Outsidein Consulting. American Board of Foot and Ankle Surgery named Dr. Mindy Benton its president. Benton is a doctor of podiatric medicine and surgery for Allina Health. Minnesota Realtors named Patty Zuzek its president. Zuzek is a sales manager for Coldwell Banker Burnet’s Apple Valley office. Second Harvest Heartland, St. Paul, named to the board Calvin Allen, HealthPartners; Christina Hennington, Target Corp.; James Lemke, C.H. Robinson Worldwide; Jeff Putnam, UnitedHealth Group, and Hunter Saklad, Select Comfort Corp. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Reusse: Fleck was in the wind for Kaler and Coyle several weeks ago 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Obama political director to run foundation building library Celebrity news Scientists propose ways to measure Great Lakes water quality Rodgers, Packers look to keep roll going against Bears Celtics build huge lead, hang on to beat Heat 105-95 More From Business Variety 9 minutes ago The Latest at CES: The challenges of robotic delivery The Latest at CES gadget show in Las Vegas (all times local): National 9 minutes ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone The FBI on Friday released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. Variety 17 minutes ago Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more The free show wilted away with the sale of the downtown Mpls. store. Business 34 minutes ago Multiple factors expected to pump up gas prices this year MILWAUKEE – A new U.S. president, global politics, a jaw-jabbering oil cartel, the largest initial public offering of stock ever and unanswered questions about… National 6:35pm EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colo. mine spill Nearly 540 tons of metals — mostly iron and aluminum — contaminated the Animas River over nine hours during a massive wastewater spill from an abandoned Colorado gold mine, the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday in a new report on the 2015 blowout that turned rivers in three states a sickly yellow. Top Stories 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP 6 minutes ago Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' 6:38pm Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say 5:28pm Most Read Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed • Business Delta cancels hundreds of flights amid shooting in Florida airport, ice storm in Atlanta • Business Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store • Business A pledge to go a year without buying anything new • Business Alexander: Here's why free Linux won't take over PCs in 2017 • Business World 3,000-year-old Iraqi city devastated by militants, left for looters Friendly ghosts haunt Swedish royal palace, queen says Nation South storm: Fender benders, food runs, disrupted inaugural Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Politics Dayton unveils $300M tax plan; GOP unveils health care bills No doubt Russia interfered in election, US intel chief says markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Vikings futures for vets Kalil, Newman, Robison toughest to project Listen: Five burning offseason questions for the Vikings Celebrities Schwarzenegger fires back after Trump chides him for low 'Apprentice' ratings Chris Brown to box Soulja Boy over social media feud Wolves Wolves forward Muhammad out tonight at Washington Obama to visiting Wolves: 'Play better defense' Wild Wild leads the West but don't mention All-Star Game to Boudreau Struggling Parise gets pep talk from Wild coach Boudreau poll Poll: Was firing Tracy Claeys the right decision by the University o... 10,000 Takes His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow What New Year's Eve has taught me about love, loss and life Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Year in multimedia: The best of 2016 05:08 Watch the highlights of the Star Tribune's top photos and video from 2016. Taste Muscles and manicotti: Twin Cities bodybuilder chef cooks up Performance Meals French onion soup serves up winter in a bowl – and you should make it yourself StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Saturday, January 7, 2017  |  Rabea Al Thani 9, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Good governance is survival for family firms in the GCC Rupert Copeman-Hill and Piers Master December 18, 2016 Updated: December 18, 2016 07:27 PM Related Debbie Nicol: Strong leadership not just about doing, but being Governance in focus: A strong chairman can deal with difficult issues Governance in focus: Know your requirements before you set up a board Family Business Council issues governance code Smoothing the boardroom path for women in the GCC Related Debbie Nicol: Strong leadership not just about doing, but being Governance in focus: A strong chairman can deal with difficult issues Governance in focus: Know your requirements before you set up a board Family Business Council issues governance code Topics: Management The family business is one of the oldest and most common economic organisational models – from the shop around the corner, to the multinational corporation. The significant role they play in the global economy is undeniable, with companies such as BMW, Wal-Mart, Toyota and many more all having started as family businesses, and at some point adapting their structures, processes and policies to continue to grow with resilience. This approach especially rings true for those companies operating in a challenging economic climate, as is the case in the Middle East. With the declining oil price, the region is facing an economic downturn. Governments are reducing spending and delaying projects, while private companies are downsizing workforces. With family businesses representing more than 70 per cent of the private sector in the GCC, these companies must take the necessary steps to ensure sustainability and bolster against external pressures. Effective corporate governance will help reduce family ownership challenges and facilitate the long-term success of the business. Initially, this may seem like a very formal process for a family enterprise but not doing so could lead to a "too many cooks in the kitchen" scenario, with no one taking control of decision-making. A corporate governance framework regulates how decisions are made, who is accountable to whom and who is responsible for what. Additionally, if the family aspires for the business to continue growing, then so will the number of its non-family employees, and there must be a system in place to manage their development, and ensure transparency and fair treatment. Succession planning must also be carefully considered. Only 30 per cent of all family businesses successfully transition to the second generation, with even fewer making it to the third and fourth generation. If this is not done properly and the principal owner passes away, the law of the deceased person’s habitual residence or domicile is likely to determine succession. In the GCC the exact distribution of an estate will depend on the application of Sharia law. Ultimately, this could lead to legal and financial disputes among family members and the disruption of business operations. More family members than initially desired could also subsequently become involved, which is a risk in itself and could lead to the unplanned disposal of assets, which may affect the bottom line. Finally, one of the greatest advantages of a family business is its ownership structure; they benefit from a shorter chain of command and a sense of dedication and solidarity that can only come from family ties. However, this can sometimes be an obstacle, too. An enduring family business knows exactly when to restructure and what would guide that structure. To determine how to do this effectively, family businesses should consider the preservation of the family business culture, brand and profitability, but also the optimum tax model, control of the business, regulatory issues, an exit route for family shareholders and training for family executives. Leaders should also consider bringing in external professional managers; according to the Family Business Survey in 2012, about 28 per cent of family businesses in the region were planning to pass ownership to the next generation, but still bring in professional management. With family businesses now a US$100 billion market in the GCC, they carry an enormous economic responsibility. By looking at corporate and legal frameworks, planning for the inevitable and making sure the right structure is in place, these businesses will not only survive in the current economic climate but thrive in the long-run, contributing to the region’s economic prosperity. Rupert Copeman-Hill is a partner and head of business services at Charles Russell Speechlys. The article was co-written with Piers Master, also a partner, private wealth at the company. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More The Life Off-hours: Medical college founder says work is his indulgence The Dh84m traditional London home with an oligarch’s upgrade Co-working hubs are entrepreneurs’ future garages Indian social entrepreneur of the year gives rural women access to banking MOST VIEWED Business | All Dubai Harbour: Sheikh Mohammed unveils major new project with Middle East’s biggest marina The world’s safest airlines in 2017 – in pictures Q&A: What Abu Dhabi’s 3 per cent municipality fee means for you Buying off plan in the UAE – what you need to know Skills to avoid an outburst at the workplace NBAD confirms departure of four senior staff amid FBG merger Abu Dhabi introduces three per cent municipality charge on households Dubai Harbour project unveiled – video Homeowners off the hook for Abu Dhabi’s three per cent municipality fee Dubai tenant wary about paying landlord’s supposed power of attorney More Most Viewed Sheikh Khalifa makes private overseas trip Now empowered, Iran will take a bolder approach in the region Abu Dhabi amends laws regulating parking Etihad Museum opening in Dubai to tell the story of the UAE UAE public holidays for 2017 announced by Abu Dhabi Government Quincy Jones explains how Prince walked away from a duet with Michael Jackson Three men die in Sharjah warehouse fire Music video featuring women skateboarding in Saudi Arabia goes viral Iraqi forces enter northern Mosul for first time Boat owners drop anchor on Abu Dhabi streets because berthing fees are ‘very expensive’ More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Q&A: What Abu Dhabi’s 3 per cent Municipality fee means for you Fuel for Thought: Trump, Schlumberger and Iran Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT From piracy to an out-dated star system, why Bollywood is in crisis Boat owners drop anchor on Abu Dhabi streets because berthing fees are ‘very expensive’ About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Obituaries / Obituary Notice: Randall M. Schurr Jr. Obituary Notice: Randall M. Schurr Jr. Posted on Sunday, December 18, 2016 by Gant Team in Obituaries Randall M. Schurr Jr.,   74, of Bells Landing died Saturday, Dec. 17, 2016 at Ridgeview Elder Care and Rehabilitation Center, Curwensville. He was born July 8, 1942 in Curwensville, a son of the late Randall M. and Margaret (Clark) Schurr, Sr. Mr. Schurr was employed at Berg Electronics and later at the Wal-Mart Distribution Center. He was a member of the St. Bonaventure Catholic Church, Grampian, and the American Legion. He was also a former member of the Curwensville VFW. He served with the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War.  In his spare time, Mr. Schurr enjoyed hunting, golfing, watching football and being outdoors.  Most of all, he loved spending time with his grandchildren. He is survived by his wife, Rebecca (Hipps) Schurr, to whom he was wed in 1976; three children, Joseph Schurr and his wife, Carrie, Barbara Pollisino and her husband, Robert and Randall M. Schurr III; four grandchildren, Brooke Olivieri, Adam Schurr, Justin Schurr and Robert Pollisino; three sisters, Mary Ann Sipes and her husband, Franklin ‘Chuck’, Sharon Dysard and her husband, John and Gail Aughenbaugh; and a sister-in-law, Janet Hetrick. In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by a sister, Elizabeth and a brother, Joseph. Memorial services will be held at the convenience of the family.  Burial will be in the St. Bonaventure Cemetery, Grampian. The family suggests that memorial contributions be made to Alzheimer’s Association, 270 Walker Dr., Suite 201-B, State College, PA 16801 or to the Ridgeview Activity Group, 30 Fourth Ave., Curwensville. The Kevin A. Beardsley Funeral Home, Curwensville, is in charge of the arrangements. To sign the online guestbook, go to www.beardsleyfuneralhome.com. Obituary Notice: Robert R. “Bob” Bell Obituary Notice: Donna E. McCartney Related Posts Obituary Notice: Irene M. Maines Obituary Notice: Herbert W. Jury Jr. Obituary Notice: Dorothy E. Miller Obituary Notice: Dominic J. Petrone Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Top Local Stories Michigan Supreme Court names new chief justice News Metro Detroit weather forecast: Arctic cold through Sunday Weather Ann Arbor gets state OK for second deer kill in parks News Snyder OKs faster lead notification requirements after Flint Flint Water Crisis Metro Detroit weather: Very cold Friday with more scattered snow Weather Metro Detroit weather: Chance of snow, negative temperatures overnight Weather Investigators: Driver going too fast blamed for fatal pileup News Felony charges dismissed against social workers in death of boy found in Woodbridge apartment News Detroit auto show weather forecast: Cold with some snow to start week Weather Scott Olson/Getty Images Bitter cold takes over today in SE Michigan Weather Metro Detroit weather: Cold sticks around this week Weather Chief Craig addresses crime statistics in Detroit News Holidays 20 for $20: Best ideas for your holiday gift swap Stumped on what to buy for around the $20 mark? Look no further By Michelle Ganley - Online Editor Posted: 10:53 PM, December 15, 2016 Updated: 4:03 PM, December 18, 2016 Whether it’s for a work function, a family get-together, or just some fun amongst friends, there’s always a chance each holiday season that you have to come up with a decent gift for a white elephant-type exchange. Or play Secret Santa (which is similar, but usually in that case, you’ll know who your recipient is). Or partake in a gift grab. Whatever you want to call it, we want to help you brainstorm some solid gift ideas. Because although some white elephants are for the sole purpose of exchanging tacky, useless gag gifts, most are not. And it’s safe to say you don’t want to be the person who shows up with the lame banana slicer (which is really a thing. Why? Is it hard to slice a banana? Someone send help). So let’s err on the side of caution and come up with some timeless presents anyone would want to receive -- no matter your budget. How about … -- A cool/atypical bottle opener or corkscrew You could even pair this with a six-pack of local beers (the mix-and-match kind are fun to assemble!) or a bottle of wine. If you add drinks to the gift, you might be running just past the “around $20” mark, but you can probably get thrifty here! Don’t splurge for the fancy pack of IPA, or pick a bottle that breaks the bank, and be sure to check Amazon for openers. I just found one that can sit in your wallet next to your credit cards, and it’s only $1.50.* *Assuming you and your white elephant counterparts are of legal drinking age, of course.     -- A fun travel mug (or thermos!) Even if the recipient of this gift isn’t a coffee person, travel mugs are still just as great for filling to the top with hot chocolate or tea. One mug I spotted online even has a tea infuser (for $23). Another has a miniature clock mounted on the front (for $18). If you’re stumped on style, just keep in mind that stainless steel matches everything, and is gender-neutral. ... Who knew mugs had so many cool features these days?     -- Cute salt and pepper shakers Because every table needs s&p! Go for the quirky ones -- this is definitely a gift that would get “stolen” at a gift exchange.       --Similarly, a cool oven mitt, or perhaps a set of mitts You could even pair this gift with some sort of baked good, if you’re crafty like that. Anyway, if you don’t know where to start, just Google “cool oven mitt” and you’ll be laughing in no time at all your options. Bear paws? Check. Skeleton hands? You bet. Or, go for functionality over aesthetics. A high-quality oven mitt is a great thing to have.     -- A game Łukasz Dec/stock.itookapic.com For a younger (or older. Or more appropriate in general) crowd, perhaps Apples to Apples? For a raunchier group, Cards Against Humanity? (Warning: Your grandma will NOT want this as a gift. Might be awkward for your boss, too). You’ve been warned!  Scattergories is always a classic, and ideal for playing in groups. Games will typically run you right around $20, some slightly more, but depending on the event, something to consider.     -- Better-than-the-standard smartphone chargers Because EVERYONE could probably use an extra charger (or seven). You can buy those really long ones almost anywhere -- Target, Walmart, all those big box-type stores, and you’d be surprised how many retailers carry fun colors and cool designs, as well. When in doubt, look online. That was easy!     -- A quality candle (or several) Agnieszka/stock.tookapic.com What’s better than a clean house and a candle burning? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Also, this time of year means the best kinds of candles are all available: gingerbread, vanilla frosting, Christmas cookie, cranberry, peppermint, candy cane, balsam, cedar … the list goes on and on. So many options!     -- Lottery tickets This one’s a classic for a reason. No explanation needed.         -- Coasters You can get some really unique coasters these days. Obviously I don’t mean the flimsy kind you’re seated with at a restaurant; I mean like, thick, substantial ones that will hold up to a big, frosty beer mug. Look for themed coasters, or perhaps some featuring pretty artwork. For around $20, you probably can’t afford to buy too many, but just a few will still make for a quality present.     -- Your favorite hot sauce or salsa (or both!) Again, another area where you can buy local, and perhaps introduce the recipient to something delicious (s)he’s never tried before. Many Mexican restaurants will sell theirs up front or as a carry-out item, so if you have a favorite kind when you go out to eat, that might be a good place to start! Otherwise, check around at a specialty grocery store or the farmers market (if yours is still open this time of year). Throwing in some chips is never a bad idea, either.     -- Similarly, your favorite dessert Think oversized candy bars, an item from your local bakery, or even something homemade. A bakery near my house sells ginormous packs of freshly made cinnamon rolls -- and they’re some of the best ever. 'Tis the season for a little indulgence! Spread the joy with a sweet treat.     -- An umbrella Because unless you live in California (thanks a lot, drought) -- you probably need an umbrella. It’s just a good staple for most of us. Restoration Hardware used to sell one that changed color (!!), which appears to be no longer available online, but I’ll bet you can find some kind of dupe. Or just something substantial, or maybe one with a fun pattern.     -- A coloring book for adults askydidit/stock.tookapic.com You could even throw in some nice colored pencils, or some fine-tipped markers with this gift. Believe me, 2016 was the year of the adult coloring book, and these books aren’t going away any time soon. Coloring is relaxing, you can find out how GREAT you are at it (which wasn’t always the case for me growing up), and the pages look really neat when you finish! Your kid’s drawings shouldn’t be the only things making it to the fridge.     -- Slippers I’ll admit: This one’s kind of a challenge since your gift might get drawn by someone with exceptionally large or small feet. How could you know? But I’m willing to bet if you bought a gender-neutral pair in an average size, they’d be a “steal-me”-type present. Or, what about slipper socks? Those really are one-size-fit-most -- and super cozy this season.     -- Mugs and coffee What could be better than a set of mugs with a nice bag of coffee beans? You can definitely customize this gift. Or get a new flavor of coffee you’ve never tried. Or scrap the coffee and go the hot cocoa route! (Or stick with the java but throw in a tiny bottle of Bailey’s -- again, if the people at your shindig will be of age). The options are truly endless.     -- Magnets A good gift shop will sell fun magnets with funny movie quotes, atypical designs and charming pieces of wisdom. Just be sure to steer clear of anything political or religious, which can be polarizing topics, and you don’t want to make the person who receives your gift feel awkward. Unless of course, you’re buying for a specific Secret Santa who you are very certain would love a set of “Make America Great Again” magnets.     -- A soft blanket You should be able to find an affordable, cozy throw blanket ideal for slinging over the side of a couch almost anywhere. Check Target/Home Goods-type stores. Even if it’s NOT freezing where you live (lucky), a soft blanket would probably get some use anywhere.     -- A planner or desk calendar Perfect for any organized coworker or compulsive list-maker! With 2017 just around the corner, now is just the right time for stocking yourself or someone else with a new planner or calendar.       -- Pens that write really well So. Satisfying. We can’t type EVERYTHING all the time, you know? Let's kick it old school with some quality pens.     -- A scarf You have lots of options for around and under the $20 mark. Go with a classic plaid to keep it gender-neutral, or look for the comfiest fabric you can find. Either way, who could be mad at a new scarf?         And there you have it. Certainly we don't expect every idea on the list to work for your holiday exchange, but you really only need one or two. Good luck out there, and happy gifting! Let us know in the comments what you end up buying. Graham Media Group Top Stories US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded Roseville man criticizes officer who gave him ticket for warming up car… Detroit man charged in death of woman found in abandoned parking… Man charged with murder in connection with shooting at Detroit gas station Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images Report: Putin, Russia aspired to help Trump by discrediting Clinton Latest Videos Local 4 News at 5 -- Jan. 6, 2017 Police staffing crisis grows across Metro Detroit Detroit man charged in death of woman found in abandoned parking… Mayor Duggan tours Detroit auto show, tries race car simulator U.S. and World News Joe Raedle/Getty Images Deadly shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport John R. Coughlin/CNN Dow hits 19,999.63 and retreats, as 20K milestone nears Russian pool-CNN Intel report: Putin directly ordered effort to influence election 5 killed, 8 wounded in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport CNN Video: Witness says airport looked like a war zone Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox PlayStation PC/MAC Nintendo Mobile More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy PSA: Best Buy Will Have NES Classic Editions For Sale This Tuesday, December 20 By Dean James The NES Classic Edition is one of the hottest products this holiday season and combined with low stock numbers has made it near impossible to find. Sites like Amazon and Walmart that have put them up have sold out in mere seconds largely due to….. News PSA: Best Buy Will Have NES Classic Editions For Sale This Tuesday, December 20 Share Tweet by Dean James on December 18, 2016 The NES Classic Edition is one of the hottest products this holiday season and combined with low stock numbers has made it near impossible to find. Sites like Amazon and Walmart that have put them up have sold out in mere seconds largely due to bots that make it almost useless to try. As a result, finding it in store is definitely the best chance of getting one, even as slim as that has been due to scalpers there too, but now another retailer is set to have them this week. This Tuesday, December 20, Best Buy is going to be offering what is likely to be the last chance to grab the NES Classic Edition before Christmas. According to reports, Best Buy stores should be getting a minimum of 12 units, with some getting more. This is definitely still not all that many, but it at least gives people a chance to get in line. Best Buy stores are supposed to be ticketed at the stores to where people won’t be cutting in line, and hopefully there will be limits of one per person to avoid scalpers from buying them all. Considering they know the demand for these and know that they will sell out, I assume that will be the case. For those looking to potentially go and wait out for the NES Classic Edition at Best Buy, I recommend going very early. Toys R Us was the last store to announce that they were going to have stock in stores and the supplies ran out very quickly. Granted that came combined with a restock on the very hard to find Hatchimals as well, but the NES Classics were gone in no time too. It’s really going to depend on your area, but definitely prepare to go and camp out for awhile if you want to get any chance of this. We have no idea if Best Buy’s website will have these as well, but they likely wouldn’t arrive by Christmas without the fastest shipping anyways. Calling All Writers: Become a contributor and write about games at AOTF! Say Something More About NES Classic Snakebyte is Making Nintendo Switch Accessories The snakebyte group makers of accessories for multiple gaming consoles including the WIIU and the 3DS have recently announced a new line of products with the NES Classic Edition and Nintendo Switch in mind. Expected to ship spring of 2017... Japan NES Classic Mini Famicom In Stock At Play Asia Target Australia To Sell More NES Classic Stock Online This Monday Amazon Teasing Announcement For NES Classic Soon Amazon Lists A New Wireless NES Classic Controller EB Games Says There’s No More NES Classic Stock Until 2017 Related Popular NES Classic Content Amazon Lists A New Wireless NES Classic Controller People that have been lucky enough to buy the NES Classic know how short the wire of the controller can be. Amazon has now listed a wireless alternative that you can buy. This product is called the 8Bitdo NES30 Classic... Target Australia To Sell More NES Classic Stock Online This Monday Gamers in Australia have at least one more chance to buy the NES Classic before Christmas Day. Target will be selling it on its official website this coming Monday. Vooks showed a direct message from Target Australia and they informed the... EB Games Says There’s No More NES Classic Stock Until 2017 EB Games has confirmed that it won’t be receiving any more stock for the NES Classic until next year. The retailer also apologized for those that missed out. EB Games Australia posted a letter to its customers explaining why orders... Amazon To Sell NES Classic This Week Although Stock Is Limited Amazon has announced that limited quantities of the NES Classic will be on sale later this week. However, stock is limited so you better jump in quick. As reported by IGN, Amazon made this announcement via an email. The NES... EB Games Has Stock For NES Classic Before Christmas EB Games Australia has announced that they will acquire stock for the NES Classic before Christmas. You can pre-order the console next week. EB Games Australia revealed on Facebook: “Thanks to Nintendo we have secured extremely limited extra units of... Japan NES Classic Mini Famicom In Stock At Play Asia The Western version of the NES Classic might be sold out everywhere, but Play-Asia has announced that it has the Japan Famicom Mini in stock. Play-Asia announced on its official website that stock is now available for the NES Classic... Nintendo Promises a ‘Steady Flow’ of NES Classic Editions Before the Holidays Nintendo might not have known the powerful well of nostalgia that they were tapping into by releasing the tiny NES Classic Edition. The system, which houses 30 classic NES games on a tiny replica console, is sold out across the... Snakebyte is Making Nintendo Switch Accessories The snakebyte group makers of accessories for multiple gaming consoles including the WIIU and the 3DS have recently announced a new line of products with the NES Classic Edition and Nintendo Switch in mind. Expected to ship spring of 2017... Some Online Toys “R” Us NES Classic Orders Are Getting Cancelled If you ordered the NES Classic online from Toys R Us, there might be some bad news because the retailer is starting to cancel some orders. Wario64 posted an email he received from Toys “R” Us via Twitter. It sounds... Even Xbox Execs Are Disappointed By Short Supply Of NES Classic Edition Nintendo may have failed with the Wii U, but they have proven that they still know how to drum up demand for their products, as previously seen with the once near impossible to find amiibo. Their latest product is the... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews facebook.com/attackofthefanboy twitter.com/FanboyAttack youtube.com/FanboyAttack RSS
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Investigations In two years, police killed 86 people brandishing guns that look real — but aren’t The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By John Sullivan, Jennifer Jenkins, Julie Tate, Shaun Courtney and Jordan Houston December 18, 2016 Follow @JohnSullivanAU Follow @JulieATate On a warm September evening in Columbus, Ohio, panicked witnesses called police to report that a group of boys had robbed a man at gunpoint and fled into a maze of alleys and fences on the city’s east side. In the fading light, Officer Bryan Mason cornered two of the boys in an alley, where, according to police, 13-year-old Tyre King pulled a gun from his waistband. Mason fired three rounds, striking the teen in the head, chest and torso. The black gun police recovered at the scene looked like their own department-issued, polymer-framed Smith & Wesson Military and Police semiautomatic pistol. It even had a laser sight. But police would soon learn that King’s weapon was a BB gun — a facsimile of the gun Mason used to shoot and kill the teen. At a news conference the next day, Columbus Police Chief Kim Jacobs waved a stock photograph of the BB gun. “Our officers carry a gun that looks practically identical to this weapon,” she said. “. . . It looks like a firearm that could kill you.” (Lee Powell/The Washington Post) Police across the country say that they are increasingly facing off against people with ultra-real-looking pellet guns, toy weapons and non-functioning replicas. Such encounters have led police to shoot and kill at least 86 people over the past two years, according to a Washington Post database of fatal police shootings nationwide. So far this year, police have fatally shot 43 people wielding the guns. In 2015, police also killed 43. The Post analysis is the first accounting of fatal police shootings involving people armed with air guns, toys or replicas, a phenomenon last studied in depth more than 25 years ago, when Congress first sought to address the problem of police shootings involving toy guns. The 86 shooting deaths are among the nearly 2,000 people shot and killed by police since 2015, which The Post is tracking, something no government agency does. Police recovered a wide variety of the weapons in the fatal shootings, but almost all had one thing in common: They were highly realistic copies of firearms. Of those, 53 were pneumatic BB or pellet guns that fire small-caliber metal balls or pellets. An additional 16 were Airsoft guns, which use compressed air cartridges to fire plastic BBs. Thirteen were replicas, two were toys, one was a starter pistol and one was a lighter. Experts who study the domestic market for pellet and Airsoft guns said consumer demand for replica firearms has grown. “They are red hot,” said Tom Gaylord, an industry consultant who runs a popular blog for the Ohio-based Pyramyd Air, one of the largest air gun retailers in the country. Pyramyd Air declined to comment. Police say it is virtually impossible to train officers to identify imitation firearms from any distance. Short of eliminating the guns, police have little choice but to assume the guns are lethal. Efforts to stop production of the guns or radically alter their appearance have mostly failed because of resistance from gunmakers and gun rights groups, such as the National Rifle Association. “We’re talking about this 26 years later, and I’m not sure anything has really changed except that tragic occurrences continue to happen,” said Chuck Wexler, who runs the Police Executive Research Forum, a policing policy think tank that studied the issue in 1990 for Congress. “A toy gun in a country with 300 million real guns is hard to distinguish.” Columbus Police Chief Kim Jacobs holds up a photo of the type of BB gun that police say 13-year-old Tyre King pulled from his waistband just before he was fatally shot on Sept. 14, 2016. (Andrew Welsh-Huggins/Associated Press) The role of imitation firearms in fatal police encounters reemerged as a national issue in 2014, when Cleveland police fatally shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who was playing with a BB gun in a park. Police were responding to a call about a man with a gun outside a local recreation center. The shooting was among a spate of controversial and deadly encounters with police that helped galvanize the Black Lives Matter movement. Of the 86 fatal shootings involving imitation firearms since 2015, the most common theme was mental illness: 38 of those killed had a history of it, according to their families and police reports. Fourteen of the calls were domestic disturbances. Ten others began as robberies. The remaining circumstances range from patrolling neighborhoods to serving arrest warrants to making traffic stops. Of the people killed, 50 were white men. The oldest person killed was Robert Patrick Quinn, 77, who was fatally shot in Pittston, Pa., as he rode his motorized scooter outside an apartment complex while waving a realistic-looking pellet gun. Half of the shootings happened at night. In almost every case, police said the victims failed to comply with an officer’s orders. In 60 cases, police said they pointed guns at officers. Among the dead are Ernesto Flores, a mentally distraught 52-year-old man who after a standoff with police in April 2015 stepped out of a pink stucco home in Montclair, Calif., holding a BB gun. Police opened fire, killing Flores in front of his family. One of only five women killed by police was 17-year-old Shelly Haendiges, who was shot in Kokomo, Ind., after police responded to a robbery call and found her pointing a pellet gun at a store clerk. Her family said she suffered from mental illness. Two of the most recent shootings happened in October in Elkton, Md., where police shot and killed Brandon Jones and Chelsea M. Porter, both 25 and of Dover, Del., after they pointed BB guns at police who were trying to arrest them. The BB gun recovered after police killed King, the Ohio teenager, was made by Umarex USA, one of the largest air gun and firearm manufacturers in the world and the self-proclaimed “king of replicas.” Umarex makes air guns under the Beretta, Colt, Smith & Wesson, HK, Ruger and Browning brands. It sells BB guns that are copies of such firearms as the iconic Colt Peacemaker, which was first produced in the 1870s, and the Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine, a mainstay of specialized military and police units. The Umarex 40XP BB gun that King allegedly brandished sells for about $50 in stores, including Walmart. Gunmaker Sig Sauer makes air guns that are advertised as “carbon copies” of their most popular lethal firearms, including the P226 semiautomatic handgun. A commercial on the Sig Sauer website displayed the BB gun and the lethal P226 as reflections of each other in a mirror. Umarex USA and Sig Sauer did not return repeated calls seeking comment. Gun rights groups, including Gun Owners of America, based in Virginia, have lobbied against laws that seek to alter air guns to make them distinguishable from firearms. Michael E. Hammond, a legal adviser to the gun-rights group, said the alterations never seem to be enough for those who dislike guns. “It all arises out of this general animus and media-fed fear of anything that has to do with guns,” Hammond said. The NRA declined to comment. In Ohio, where King and Rice were killed, the state does not regulate BB guns and also allows firearms to be openly carried. The day after Rice’s death, black legislators in Ohio tried to regulate the guns, introducing a law requiring all BB and pellet guns sold in the state to have special markings or be brightly colored. The bill died in committee. Two years later, police shot King. “Why is it that a 13-year-old would have nearly an exact replica of a police firearm on him in our neighborhoods, an eighth-grader involved in very, very dangerous conduct in one of our neighborhoods?” Columbus Mayor Andrew Ginther (D) said at a news conference after the shooting. Safety on In the 1980s, a string of police shootings of children prompted Congress to pass the first and only federal regulations on toy guns. In 1983, 5-year-old Patrick Andrew Mason was alone in his Stanton, Calif., home when an officer who was called to the unit to do a welfare check mistook the boy with his red toy gun for a burglar; the boy was fatally shot while his single mother was away at work, according to news reports. In 1988, officers in San Francisco responding to a report of shots fired mistook a plastic toy gun for a .22-caliber pistol and shot a 13-year-old mentally disabled boy in the head, killing him. Parents began to push manufacturers to make the guns appear less realistic. Retailers such as Toys ‘R’ Us stopped carrying realistic toy guns, and toy manufacturers began adding an orange plug to toy guns. After several states restricted the use of imitation firearms, Congress in 1988 passed a law requiring the bright orange barrel plug on all toy guns. The law applied to water guns, many replicas and Airsoft guns that fire nonmetallic projectiles, but it exempted BB, pellet guns and replicas of antique firearms. The law also mandated two studies on whether the new orange tips would prevent shootings. In one study, FBI recruits were confronted by assailants carrying firearms or guns with orange tips. The recruits had two seconds to decide whether to shoot. When faced with unmarked replica pistols or guns with orange tips, officers shot 95 percent of the time. “It is clear from this study that the orange plug marking system does not help police officers distinguish between toy guns and real guns,” concluded the 1989 report, which was managed by the National Institute of Justice. The second study a year later reached the same conclusion, saying that police response when confronted with the guns was linked to environmental factors — such as what a police dispatcher tells an officer. Calls for service in a high-crime area, for example, might lead officers to consider “a worst case scenario,” said the report, overseen by the Police Executive Research Forum. But it was the behavior of the person holding the toy gun that mattered most. “If they are told there’s a person with a gun acting in a threatening manner, that’s what they respond to,” said David L. Carter, a professor at Michigan State University who spoke to officers in 27 law enforcement agencies for the 1990 study. Last year, Congress revisited the issue when Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) introduced a bill that would force the country to enact a law similar to California’s, which requires the entire surface of all toy and BB guns be painted a bright color. “No child should ever die because a police officer or anyone else mistakes a toy gun for a real weapon,” Boxer said in a news release at the time. The bill stalled in committee. Twelve states and the District and Puerto Rico have banned the guns or imposed restrictions on their use, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In the District, realistic-looking toy or air-powered guns cannot be possessed in public. In 2012, D.C. police seized about 450 imitation guns, according to the most recent data available. Baltimore’s City Council this month passed a similar ban, responding to an April shooting and wounding by police of a 14-year-old carrying a BB gun. In 2015, Boston outlawed imitation firearms in public. The law allows police to confiscate those guns, and they have seized 139 this year. Boston Police Commissioner William B. Evans said if a facsimile gun has been used in a crime, police will charge a suspect with possession of a real gun. “They are the exact same unless you have it in your hand and take it apart,” Evans said. Maurice Cardwell, Tyre King’s father, wears a pin in remembrance of his son during an event on what would have been King’s 14th birthday on Dec. 7. (Andrew Spear/For The Washington Post) ‘Dangerous and unfair’ In March in Gainesville, Fla., Alachua County sheriff’s officers were called to a parking lot where they encountered 16-year-old Robert L. Dentmond, who was armed with what appeared to be an AR-15 assault rifle. Dentmond was a high school sophomore who had lived in foster care, according to police reports. His mother went to prison and his father physically abused him, the records show. He was on probation for burglary. One bright spot for Dentmond was Cayla Todd, his girlfriend of one month. But on the night of March 20, Todd said they fought online and that she ended the relationship. Dentmond sent her a Facebook message, which investigators later found. “I’m finna have the police shoot me,” Dentmond wrote. At 10:07 p.m., Dentmond called police and said that he was at the Majestic Oaks Apartments with an M-16. When deputies and officers from the Gainesville Police Department arrived, they saw the 6-foot tall Dentmond, dressed in gray pajama pants and a blue jacket, in the middle of a dimly lit parking lot holding a gun. Crouching behind dumpsters and parked cars, police ordered him to drop the gun, according to police. “Drop it now, or you will be shot!” officers yelled. After 24 minutes, Dentmond leveled what looked to officers like an assault-type rifle and began walking. Nine officers opened fire and didn’t stop until the gun fell from his hand. He died at a hospital. After the shooting, police saw Dentmond’s weapon had broken in two, according to a state report. When picking up the pieces, an officer noticed that their weight “did not feel right” and they seemed to be plastic. Officers did not learn until the next morning that Dentmond’s gun was a toy, an Airsoft rifle with the orange tip removed. “Some of them broke down in tears,” Alachua County Sheriff Sadie Darnell said. “It’s not a high-five situation. It’s a devastating career-long and lifelong impact.” Grant McDougall, the psychotherapist who evaluated the deputies after the shooting, said they all wished that they could go back and change the outcome. “Every single one of them — some of them very graphically — grieved the loss, even if they would sit here and tell me they did the right thing,” McDougall told The Post. A grand jury investigating the shooting cleared the officers and suggested that the state ban imitation firearms. “It is dangerous and unfair to all for law enforcement to confront a situation where to all appearances a real weapon is involved, only to be subjected to intense second-guessing after the fact when that turns out not to have been so,” the jury said. Dentmond’s family could not be reached for comment. Todd told The Post that police could have done more. “He was only 16 years old. He didn’t need to die,” she said. Three months later, it almost happened again. In June, Alachua County deputies got a call that two groups of young men were driving around with AK-47s. The department sent every available unit, and they quickly came upon a black Honda Civic and a black Toyota Camry. Men wearing werewolf masks were hanging out of the cars’ sunroofs waving what appeared to be Heckler & Koch MP5 machine guns, according to Darnell and records. Police disarmed the men. The guns were plastic toys, and the gunmen, university students were making a movie for a film contest. “This is what those of us in law enforcement are so concerned about,” Darnell said. “You never know what’s real or what’s not, so part of the solution is to ban the sale of toy or replica guns.” Demonstrators hold a rally for Tyre King outside city hall in Columbus, Ohio, on Sept. 19, 2016. (John Minchillo/Associated Press) ‘Oh, he’s shooting them’ In Columbus, Ohio, Chief Kim Jacobs has spent the past few months explaining to outraged community members why one of her veteran police officers fatally shot a 13-year-old carrying a BB gun. She wants people to understand how a mix of panicked reports of armed mayhem and a real-looking gun can turn deadly. Complicating the matter is that the officer, Bryan Mason, had been involved in three shootings since 2009, one of them fatal. In 2012, Mason shot and killed a man who was pointing a firearm at another person. In all cases, Mason’s use of force was ruled justified by the department. Jacobs said Mason would not be allowed to comment until the conclusion of the investigation. Jacobs said the shooting has taken its toll on everyone, including Mason. “You go to work and you do your job, and then all of the sudden you’re under criminal investigation,” Jacobs said. King’s family has no sympathy for Mason. “Ain’t nobody held accountable,” said his father, Maurice Cardwell. “There’s no wrongdoing over there it seems. And you’re killing kids?” Sept. 14 started out like most days for Tyre King. His parents described him as an astute child who worked selling candy, cutting grass and trimming hedges. After King returned from school that day, he finished his homework and left his house. At 7:42 p.m. witnesses called 911 to report a robbery. The callers said a gunman wearing a hoodie and baggy pants fled the scene. The robbery victim came on the line and told dispatchers, “I’m not going to mess with it over $10.” Another witness said seven or eight armed men were running away with police chasing them. “Oh, he’s shooting them. Oh, my God,” a caller said, apparently describing police shooting King. Chanda L. Brown, an attorney for the family, said they had serious doubts that King was involved in the robbery and that he did not own a BB gun. Police have not disclosed the source of the gun. Brown said that she thinks King was shot running away, not pulling a gun. The only person charged in the robbery is Demetrius E. Braxton, 19. His attorney, Lodema M’Poco, told The Post last week that Braxton admits he used the gun to commit the robbery while King and others waited nearby. M’Poco said Braxton then passed the gun to King, who put the weapon in his pants. Braxton said that after police ordered him and King to the ground, King ran and Mason shot him. M’Poco said Braxton did not see King pull the BB gun from his pants. Braxton pleaded guilty last month to felony robbery charges. In court he described the episode as a “lapse in judgment. As the oldest, I should have been the one to tell everybody, ‘Let’s not do this,’ ” the Columbus Dispatch reported. Brown, the King family’s attorney, said police failed to train officers how to deal with children with BB guns. “Anyone that takes the blame and puts it on a 13-year-old instead of an officer that’s been trained — or should be trained — in how to evaluate and respond to situations like this, I think they’re missing the bigger picture here,” Brown said. “Shooting should be the last resort.” For Jacobs and other officers, they seldom have the benefit of weighing all the evidence and making a decision. “People don’t really understand the dynamics of a police-involved situation, how fast they occur,” Jacobs said. “They all have families, they want to go home at the end of their shift.” Lee Powell, Teaganne Finn, Josephine Peterson and Taylor Hartz contributed to this report. This article was produced in partnership with the Investigative Reporting Workshop at American University, where Courtney, Houston, Finn, Peterson and Hartz are students. investigations Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters investigations Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email John Sullivan is a reporter on The Post's Investigations team, an investigative reporter in residence at American University and a senior editor at the Investigative Reporting Workshop. Follow @JohnSullivanAU Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 U.S. intercepts capture senior Russian officials celebrating Trump win 2 Dreaded ‘stomach flu’ wreaks havoc on families — and it’s only going to get worse 3 Former CIA director James Woolsey quits Trump transition team 4 Congress looks to start building a Mexican border wall within months 5 House Republicans revive obscure rule that allows them to slash the pay of individual federal workers to $1 Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president-elect. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game investigations Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
LATEST NEWS Ceremony in Conjunction with the French Senate Fri... » Efforts to enhance people-to-people contact betw... Types of Scholarships » Government scholarships for further studies in t... Prioritise Safety » Members of the public are reminded to always pri... Friday Sermon » A career in the Police Force is viewed as a nobl... Al-Quran and Muqaddam Class » Al-Quran is the true words of Allah. In enhancin... 9:59:55 am BNT AM Home About Us National International Business Sports Archives National Feedback Contact Us You are here: Home»International News»International 1»Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere Monday, 19 December 2016 08:40 0 Comments Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month, but she may hold for some time the other distinction she earned during her time in the White House: America's best known advocate for healthy food. The non-profit organisation she helped create as first lady, Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA), where she is honorary chair, will continue its work convincing food companies to improve nutrition content and labelling of products, the group said. "Michelle Obama has been a tremendous leader in this space," said Larry Soler, president and chief executive of the group. "That legacy is going to continue for a long time after this." When President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress take over on Jan. 20, lawmakers are expected to take aim at what one of them has called "burdensome new rules" on food. School lunches and menu labelling standards are likely to be among the changes that may come under fire. Trump, a self-professed fan of junk food, has not been explicit on what he plans to do with food policy, although he campaigned for the Nov. 8 election on a broad promise to undo regulations on business. Nutrition advocates believe that, regardless of regulatory changes, private sector partnerships forged under Michelle Obama's time at PHA are likely to endure. The first lady helped launch PHA in 2010, in conjunction with her broader 'Let's Move!' effort to tackle childhood obesity in the United States. Since then, the organisation has inked voluntary deals with scores of food companies, universities, hospitals and hotel chains aimed at improving nutritional content in food offerings. Companies that have made such agreements, like the world's No.1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc and convenience store chain Kwik Trip, say they expect to uphold the commitments they have made regardless of any policy changes in Washington. "Our commitment to provide healthy food – specifically for young people – will not only continue but it will grow," said a spokesman for Wisconsin-based Kwik Trip, which agreed with PHA this year to offer more fruit, vegetables and whole-grain foods at its stores at low cost. PHA said its work will continue unabated after the Obamas leave the White House, and expects that consumer demand will continue to drive companies to participate. The first lady expects to continue her work on the issue, though it is unclear exactly what her role will be. "I will always be here as a partner in this effort – always," she said earlier this year. 'ON HIGH ALERT' Michelle Obama took her healthy eating agenda from the White House - where she built an organic vegetable garden - to the halls of Congress, where she lobbied lawmakers in the passage in 2010 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act. Republicans balked at renewing elements of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act in 2015 and the House of Representatives introduced legislation that critics say would dial back access to the program. Republican Representative Todd Rokita from Indiana this year introduced legislation to overhaul the school lunch program, in part to make sure that "the First Lady Michelle Obama-inspired nutrition standards are revised so that school food is more edible." He has also said he plans to work toward reforms of "burdensome new rules" with the new president. Also under threat may be another measure to usher in more detailed labelling requirements for menus at restaurants and grocery stores, which passed as part of the 2010 health overhaul known as the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare. Trump has said he will repeal Obamacare. "We have a sense of (Trump's) personal eating habits, but not his view of food policy. But given his anti-regulatory, anti-science rhetoric, we're on high alert," said Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington. A spokesman for Trump's transition team did not respond to requests for comment. Melania Trump, who last month pinpointed cyber-bullying as her cause as first lady, has not mentioned interest in the healthy eating issue. Trump's early choices in building his administration have also triggered some concerns among healthy food advocates. He has nominated Representative Tom Price of Georgia to head the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the National Institutes of Health and works to develop dietary guidelines with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Price is an opponent of Obamacare and voted for a bill that would have banned state labelling of genetically-modified ingredients. Trump has yet to select an agriculture secretary. Regardless of legislative repeals, supporters of Michelle Obama's efforts to get healthier food into mainstream America believe the impact of her work cannot be undone. "There was very little positive industry action before she got there. Health and obesity issues weren't on their agendas," said Sam Kass, a chef and former executive director of 'Let's Move!' who also served as President Barack Obama's nutrition policy advisor. "Now it is the top priority for every CEO." - Reuters - Add comment Name (required) E-mail (required, but will not display) Website Notify me of follow-up comments Refresh Send Cancel JComments News National News International News Business News Sports News Documentary Links CNN News BBC News AseanMedia Channel News Asia Others About Us Contact Us Feedback Copyright © 2016 RTB News Website. All Rights Reserved
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Four families displaced after early morning fire in Rocky Ford Sunday Dec 18, 2016 at 5:58 PM Anyone that is wanting to donate to help these families out, the Community Presbyterian Church will be a drop off point. Located at 303 S. Ninth St. in Rocky Ford. At this time, specific information on ages or sizes of those that were displaced, however, Walmart gift cards are always a good option. From Staff Reports@LaJuntaTD     Four families were displaced early Sunday morning as a fire destroyed a multi-family unit in Rocky Ford.   Around 1 a.m. Sunday, fire crews were dispatched to a structure fire on Sycamore Street in Rocky Ford. The apartment complex quickly became engulfed, according to fire officials. Temperatures were -22 degrees below zero.   La Junta, Manzanola and Fowler fire departments provided mutual aid.    There was one minor injury and all tenants made it out safely.    At this time, the cause of the fire is still undetermined.   “This was a very challenging Fire and the cold didn't help at all. Overall we had 1 minor injury, and all tenants made it out safely. Big shout out to LA Junta Fire Truck 1 Aerial, Fowler, Manzanola and Otero County Emergency Manager - your perseverance and commitment to our suppression efforts is greatly appreciated,” Rocky Ford Fire Department said on their Facebook page.    For the families affected, Red Cross has been contacted and they have provided hotel rooms. Anyone that is wanting to donate to help these families out, the Community Presbyterian Church will be a drop off point. Located at 303 S. Ninth St. in Rocky Ford. At this time, specific information on ages or sizes of those that were displaced, however, Walmart gift cards are always a good option.    “Thank you to all who have stepped up to help these families. We live in a great community,” Rocky Ford fire officials added.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Market Place Cars Community Info 4-H Communities Colorado Department of Agriculture Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ag Journal Online - La Junta, CO ~ 422 Colorado Avenue (P.O. Box 500), La Junta, CO 81050 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
När du använder den här tjänsten och relaterat innehåll godkänner du användningen av cookies för analyser, anpassat innehåll och annonser. Läs mer msn nyheter webbsökning Logga in Byt språk och innehåll: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Österreich (Deutsch) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Senaste nytt Inrikes Utrikes Vetenskap Teknik och prylar Vädret Video Nyheter Väder Nöje Sport Ekonomi Livsstil Motor Video Mat & dryck Resor Hälsa Teknik & prylar Inrikes Utrikes Vetenskap Teknik och prylar Internationella nyheter (på engelska) Video Annonsval Under threat in Washington, first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere Reuters By Chris Prentice 2016-12-19 DELA DELA TWEETA DELA E-POST Putin besöker Finland Man, 21, låg med 12-åring – slipper fängelse på grund av låg mognadsgrad © REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/Files Wife of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Melania Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Wilmington Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month, but she may hold for some time the other distinction she earned during her time in the White House: America's best known advocate for healthy food. The non-profit organization she helped create as first lady, Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA), where she is honorary chair, will continue its work convincing food companies to improve nutrition content and labeling of products, the group said. "Michelle Obama has been a tremendous leader in this space," said Larry Soler, president and chief executive of the group. "That legacy is going to continue for a long time after this." When President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress take over on Jan. 20, lawmakers are expected to take aim at what one of them has called "burdensome new rules" on food. School lunches and menu labeling standards are likely to be among the changes that may come under fire. Trump, a self-professed fan of junk food, has not been explicit on what he plans to do with food policy, although he campaigned for the Nov. 8 election on a broad promise to undo regulations on business. Nutrition advocates believe that, regardless of regulatory changes, private sector partnerships forged under Michelle Obama's time at PHA are likely to endure. The first lady helped launch PHA in 2010, in conjunction with her broader 'Let's Move!' effort to tackle childhood obesity in the United States. Since then, the organization has inked voluntary deals with scores of food companies, universities, hospitals and hotel chains aimed at improving nutritional content in food offerings. Companies that have made such agreements, like the world's No.1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc and convenience store chain Kwik Trip, say they expect to uphold the commitments they have made regardless of any policy changes in Washington. "Our commitment to provide healthy food – specifically for young people – will not only continue but it will grow," said a spokesman for Wisconsin-based Kwik Trip, which agreed with PHA this year to offer more fruit, vegetables and whole-grain foods at its stores at low cost. PHA said its work will continue unabated after the Obamas leave the White House, and expects that consumer demand will continue to drive companies to participate. The first lady expects to continue her work on the issue, though it is unclear exactly what her role will be. "I will always be here as a partner in this effort – always," she said earlier this year. © REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque Michelle Obama hosts military families to view White House holiday decorations in Washington 'ON HIGH ALERT' Michelle Obama took her healthy eating agenda from the White House - where she built an organic vegetable garden - to the halls of Congress, where she lobbied lawmakers in the passage in 2010 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act. Republicans balked at renewing elements of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act in 2015 and the House of Representatives introduced legislation that critics say would dial back access to the program. Republican Representative Todd Rokita from Indiana this year introduced legislation to overhaul the school lunch program, in part to make sure that "the First Lady Michelle Obama-inspired nutrition standards are revised so that school food is more edible." He has also said he plans to work toward reforms of "burdensome new rules" with the new president.     Also under threat may be another measure to usher in more detailed labeling requirements for menus at restaurants and grocery stores, which passed as part of the 2010 health overhaul known as the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare. Trump has said he will repeal Obamacare. "We have a sense of (Trump's) personal eating habits, but not his view of food policy. But given his anti-regulatory, anti-science rhetoric, we're on high alert," said Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington. A spokesman for Trump's transition team did not respond to requests for comment. Melania Trump, who last month pinpointed cyber-bullying as her cause as first lady, has not mentioned interest in the healthy eating issue. Trump's early choices in building his administration have also triggered some concerns among healthy food advocates. He has nominated Representative Tom Price of Georgia to head the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the National Institutes of Health and works to develop dietary guidelines with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Price is an opponent of Obamacare and voted for a bill that would have banned state labeling of genetically-modified ingredients. Trump has yet to select an agriculture secretary. Regardless of legislative repeals, supporters of Michelle Obama's efforts to get healthier food into mainstream America believe the impact of her work cannot be undone. "There was very little positive industry action before she got there. Health and obesity issues weren't on their agendas," said Sam Kass, a chef and former executive director of 'Let's Move!' who also served as President Barack Obama's nutrition policy advisor.    "Now it is the top priority for every CEO." (Reporting by Chris Prentice; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Mary Milliken) Gå till MSN start Gå till MSN Nyheter Delta i konversationen Anmäl olämpligt uppförande Rapportera olämpligt innehåll Tyvärr! Ett fel uppstod. Försök igen. Hjälp oss att upprätthålla en sund och levande gemenskap genom att rapportera alla olagliga och olämpliga beteenden som bryter mot MSNs uppförandekodex. Välj en kategori Spam Barnpornografi eller utnyttjande Svordomar, vulgaritet eller obscenitet Upphovsrättsintrång Trakasserier eller hot Hot om självmord Annat Vem kommenterade på olämpligt sätt (Obligatoriskt) Klistra in den olämpliga kommentaren här skicka Lämna din kommentar Annonsval Annonsval Mer från Reuters Google pushes VR harder with new phones from partners Reuters Elite North Korean defector becomes media star in South Reuters Man phones police from roof of speeding car to thwart thief Reuters Australia, Indonesia seek to patch up wounds over military row Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Sekretess och cookies Juridisk information Om våra annonser Feedback Hjälp MSN i hela världen Var artikeln intressant? Gilla oss på Facebook för att få tips, nyheter och erbjudanden. Jag är redan ett fan, visa inte det här igen Skicka feedback Ge feedback Rapportera ett problem Vi uppskattar dina kommentarer! Välj en kategori: Jag har problem med toppresmål Jag har problem att söka Jag har problem med topp-appar Jag ser ett fel i innehållet Annat Hur vi kan förbättra oss? Ge sidan ett övergripande betyg Skicka Stäng Sekretesspolicy Hjälp Hjälp & Support
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Springfield's second clinic inside store set to open in April Sunday Dec 18, 2016 at 8:51 PM Dec 18, 2016 at 10:11 PM Dean Olsen Staff Writer @deanolsenSJR A new walk-in medical clinic expected to open in April inside Springfield’s Meijer superstore will be the city’s second such clinic in a retail setting and one of many lower-cost medical options for local patients needing limited, non-emergency care without an appointment. Officials from HSHS Medical Group, which will operate the clinic in 630 square feet of rented space at the front of the Meijer at 4200 Conestoga Drive, said the Springfield area hasn’t reached its saturation point for walk-in clinics. In fact, because retail clinics tend to be staffed by advanced-practice registered nurses known as nurse practitioners, even more of them may be needed to cope with future shortages of primary care doctors, according to Melinda Clark, the Springfield-based medical group’s chief executive officer. The clinics serve a need in a fast-paced society, she added, and could lead to long-term health care cost savings if they help patients detect chronic health problems so they can see medical specialists and start treatment earlier. “It is ‘now’ care,” Clark said. “Our society is driven on accessing care immediately.” Whether walk-in clinics result in better overall health is an open question, though. And studies so far indicate they tend to slightly increase, rather than decrease, health care costs, according to Dr. Ateev Mehrotra, a policy analyst for the Rand Corp., a nonpartisan, public-policy think tank based in California. Mehrotra didn’t discount the clinics’ ability to give patients convenient access to medical expertise and peace of mind. “There is value there,” he said. Cheaper to operate A trend that began more than 15 years ago, walk-in clinics in pharmacies, “big-box” stores such as Meijer, Target, Walmart and other retail settings total almost 2,000 across the United States, according to a March article in the policy journal Health Affairs. Retail clinics offer extended weekend and evening hours and receive more than 6 million patient visits annually. They tend to be in higher-income urban and suburban neighborhoods and not in medically underserved areas. But they are prevalent, with 35 percent of the country’s urban population living within a 10-minute drive of a retail clinic, a Rand research briefing paper says. Retail clinics are cheaper to operate than conventional physician offices or hospital emergency departments, so the clinics “have been viewed by policymakers and insurers as a method to decrease health care spending,” the Health Affairs article says. Springfield’s first retail clinic opened last month. The outpatient, walk-in facility, operated by Memorial Physician Services, is inside Hy-Vee, 2115 S. MacArthur Blvd. MPS, an affiliate of Memorial Medical Center’s parent organization, spent $125,000 to renovate the 366 square feet of rented space, and now more than 10 patients are seeking care there each day, MPS vice president Travis Dowell said. MPS also runs three “ExpressCare” locations in Springfield and walk-in clinics in Chatham and Lincoln. It also offers a 24-hour, virtual-care option called “MemorialMD SmartVisit.” First for Meijer HSHS Medical Group plans to spend $164,000 on renovations, beginning in January, for the retail clinic at Meijer, which will focus on sore throats, sinus infections, bronchitis, ear infections, physical exams, physicals, sprains and health screenings. The Meijer clinic, in space previously used by a shoe-repair outlet, will be open from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturdays and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sundays. The clinic will be staffed by a nurse practitioner and a medical assistant. It will accept the same insurance plans as the rest of the medical group. Those include private plans, Medicare and Medicaid. If patients desire, they will be able to fill any prescriptions they are given at the nearby Meijer pharmacy, HSHS officials said. The walk-in facility will be the first of its kind for the Meijer chain, which operates 230 stores in seven Midwest states, Springfield Meijer manager Craig Knapp said. Some Meijer stores offer more limited-purpose medical clinics, he said. If there’s enough demand, HSHS will expand the new clinic to 24-hour operation, matching Meijer’s hours, in the next one to three years, said Vince Noel, the medical group’s vice president of strategy and business development. The Meijer clinic then would be Springfield’s only 24-hour, urgent-care clinic and the only 24-hour provider other than the emergency departments at Memorial Medical Center and HSHS St. John’s Hospital. “We really liked the location,” Noel said of Meijer. “This is probably the most economical way to put care out there.” In addition to Meijer customers, the clinic will be convenient for Meijer’s more than 400 employees in Springfield, Knapp said. Meijer is incorporating the clinic into its health insurance coverage for employees so they can pay low or no out-of-pocket costs for using it, he said. Besides the convenience it will offer patients, the clinic will help them develop a long-term relationship with HSHS doctors and hospitals, Noel said, noting that 50 percent to 60 percent of people visiting retail and other urgent-care clinics don’t have a regular, primary care doctor. Patient access Both Memorial and HSHS officials said their retail clinics will encourage patients to develop those primary care relationships. In that respect, the clinics will help organizations compete for patients, the officials said. Drugstore chains haven’t opened walk-in clinics in the Springfield area, probably because the plethora of walk-in and other convenient alternatives already available made the region a less-than-attractive potential market, Dowell said. Local patients are “blessed” to have a number of well-established providers, including Memorial, HSHS, Southern Illinois University School of Medicine and Springfield Clinic, he said. Springfield Clinic, for its part, operates two Prompt Care clinics in Springfield, and one each in Sherman and Jacksonville. HSHS operates Priority Care locations at 1836 S. MacArthur Blvd. and 2329 N. Dirksen Parkway in Springfield, and its primary care doctors’ offices in Rochester and Chatham offer walk-in hours. HSHS also has a 24-hour, virtual-care option called, “Anytime Care,” and its walk-in LeadWell clinic at 850 E. Madison St. in Springfield is serving Horace Mann Educators Corp. and St. John’s employees and offering appointments. Another LeadWell location, serving walk-ins and offering appointments, will open March 1 at 3631 S. Sixth St. for city of Springfield employees, retirees and dependents. Rand Corp. estimates that there will be more than 2,800 retail clinics across the country by 2017 — almost double the number in 2014. And Rand says customers generally are happy with their experiences at these clinics. “It’s all about patient access,” Clark said. Noel said: “People don’t have an excess amount of time. This brings care to where people are at.” Shoppers at Meijer may decide to get a health concern checked out, while some patient may travel to the store on Springfield’s southwest side specifically for the walk-in clinic, he said. Many more visits? Certain groups, such as the American Medical Association, have said the proliferation of retail clinics could lead to overprescribing of antibiotics and interference with existing physician-patient relationships. At the same time, proponents of the clinics have said there’s the potential of providing less-costly alternatives for patients who otherwise would go to a hospital ER or a regular doctor’s office. Rand Corp.’s research, however, hasn’t documented any “notable reductions” in ER visits for minor conditions, according to Rand’s research brief. Instead, Rand found any savings generated by diverting patients away from ERs or doctors’ offices were more than offset by new utilization. In other words, many patients getting care at retail clinics for non-life-threatening ailments would otherwise have sought no care for those ailments and handled them at home on their own. Many of the minor problems that patients seek care for at retail clinics, such as respiratory problems, resolve themselves and don’t necessarily go away any faster with treatment, Mehrotra said. It’s likely that many of Rand’s findings regarding retail clinics also apply to other urgent-care clinics, he said. Rand hasn’t found that retail clinics overprescribed antibiotics. In fact, the research indicates retail clinics are more apt than primary care doctors’ offices or ERs to comply with research-based guidelines on prescribing. And regarding potential disruption of physician-patient relationship, the Rand brief says research doesn’t support that concern. “Retail clinics seem to be serving a population that does not seek care in a doctor’s office but might otherwise seek care in emergency departments,” the brief says. “Retail clinics might reduce the likelihood that a patient will go to a primary care physician first for a new condition and decrease subsequent continuity of care. However, patients who visit retail clinics appear just as likely to receive preventive care or proper management of diabetes.” -- Contact Dean Olsen: dean.olsen@sj-r.com, 788-1543, twitter.com/DeanOlsenSJR.  ***** What they treat All of the walk-in clinics, whether they are in a retail setting or the urgent-care clinics operated as Memorial ExpressCares, Springfield Clinic Prompt Cares or HSHS Priority Cares, treat the same general range of non-emergency problems and injuries: cough, cold and flu symptoms; sprains; fevers; minor burns and cuts; nausea and vomiting; sore throats; urinary tract infections; and skin rashes and seasonal allergies. Many also will handle immunizations, and sports, school and day-care physicals.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Auto Racing Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video Trib Videos - - - - - Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress The Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper World Road-rage shooting kills boy, 3, on outing with grandmother The Washington Post | Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016, 10:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. A 3-year-old on a preholiday shopping trip with his grandmother was fatally shot by a man who police believe grew impatient when the woman took too long at a stop sign. The boy is the second toddler to be killed in Little Rock in less than a month, police Chief Kenton Buckner said. “This is about as frustrated as you can be as a public safety official, or just a plain citizen who's sitting and watching this tonight, to think that these kind of things are occurring in our city streets,” he said. “When it involves children, especially kids that are this age, they're very innocent. They can do very little to protect themselves. You would hope that as a community ... that we'd do everything we can to protect them.” The shooting occurred just before 6:30 p.m. at the Shackleford Crossings shopping center near the city's western edge. The collection of stores has a Walmart on one end and a J.C. Penney on the other. On the last weekend before Christmas, it was crammed with shoppers. Among them were the grandmother and the little boy. The woman's car was stopped at a stop sign near the J.C. Penney, police said. Police say the grandmother didn't know the man in the car behind her. Without warning, he opened fire, police said, striking the 3-year-old. Kim King-Macon, 47, said she didn't realize her grandson was hit until she arrived at the store. The boy died in a children's hospital a little later. Buckner called the crime “senseless.” Little Rock police began a manhunt for the assailant, but they released only a vague description of the suspect — a tall black man in an older black Chevrolet Impala. The incident occurs less than a month after another unsolved fatal shooting of a small child riding in a car in Arkansas' capital. Two days before Thanksgiving, a 2-year-old was fatally shot in the back seat of her mother's car on South Harrison Street, 4 miles east of Saturday's shooting, according to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Buckner said the road-rage killings are frustrating for the police department and the community, especially because the young victims were “very innocent” and “can do very little to protect themselves.” More Nation Possible tornado kills 3 in Alabama as storms cross South Scores arrested in 'Fight for $15' protest Terrorism suspected in car-and-knife attack at Ohio State American students lag East Asia peers in math, science Police: Fiat scion arrested in New York TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Monroeville shooting victim drove self to hospital Pens fans propose unlikely candidate Mt. Pleasant braces for 'major loss' with Kmart closing Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Ringing in the New Year! (Dec. 26 - Jan. 1) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Trending Hatchimals For Sale: Where Best to Buy – Amazon, Target, Walmart, Toys R Us or Ebay By Romina Ramos Posted on December 19, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Buyers are sure to line up for the holiday’s essentials and usual gift items with Christmas day just around the corner. However, there is this adorable Spin Master’s toy that is the most-sought after gift for the season – the Hatchimals. Be one of the first to check out below on where to find good deals on Hatchimals on sale. The Quest for the Overly In-Demand Egg Spin Master first released the Hatchimals to the market last October. However, the company did not expect that Hatchimals would receive extraordinary attention. Since its release, Hatchimals have been popular and were usually out-of-stock in major stores. As of this date, the struggle to get one and under a reasonable price is real. When restocks came on November, several toy stores increased their Hatchimals selling price. Individual resellers also took advantage of the craze to sell some of these furry cuties at a higher cost. Hatchimals For Sale: Prices Comparison Another batch of Hatchimals hit several toy stores this December and prices vary even more. For starters, Wal-Mart sells a Hatchimal egg at $48.88 a piece since its December restock. While Toys R Us sold its new batches on December 4, they have been selling one for $59.99 but shoppers can only buy one per person. Moreover, Target also restocked on its Hatchimals supply on December 11. Their price is the same with Toys R Us but they only allow a maximum ratio of two Hatchimals per buyer. Wal-Mart is the only physical store that offers the lowest Hatchimal price among the three without giving limit to buyers – unless Hatchimals come out-of-stock. Alternatively, parents who choose to ditch the long lines to pay at cashiers may opt for online purchases. However, online sites like eBay and Amazon have overpriced listings of Hatchimals from different resellers. For example, majority of Hatchimals on eBay costs about $150 up to $250 while the Amazon Marketplace offers one for $200-$250. Scammers have also been reported on different third-party sellers that are selling Hatchimals at their usual price but will then require more payment. Afterwards, the product will not be delivered. Also read: Christmas Gift Ideas: Go Down Memory Lane with The Toys That Came Out The Year You Were Born Excited for more future updates on Hatchimals for sale deals? Keep yourself updated by tuning in on TheBitBag! Related Items:Hatchimal Amazon, Hatchimals Walmart, Where to Buy Hatchimals Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Hatchimals Review: Sneak Peak to 2016?s Most Sought After Holiday Gift Hatchimals: Forget Pok?mon, This Toy is Selling Out Fast; Where to Get Them Online About the author Romina Ramos A Journalism graduate who loves One Piece and Naruto. Romina is also a frustrated musician. She lives in Manila with her partner and their cute daughter. Post navigation Funny Viral Facebook Makeup Tutorial: What Happened AFTER The Pisssed Girlfriend’s Revenge At Her Drunk Boyfriend Diablo III Couple Gets Married & Throw Elaborate Diablo Themed Photoshoot Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Auto Racing Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video Trib Videos - - - - - Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress The Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Valley News Dispatch Struggling Mills mall to be sold in January Matthew Medsger | Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016, 11:45 p.m. Eric Felack | Tribune-Review Much of the Pittsburgh Mills mall will be put up for sale next month. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Mike Welch of Pittsburgh was shopping at the Pittsburgh Mills mall but hadn't heard the news. “They're selling the mall?” Welch said. “It's about time.” He hadn't yet heard that a sale date had been set for the struggling mall in Frazer. “The stores are empty, so I'm not surprised,” he said. The mall property, which opened in 2005, once was valued at $190 million. The recession of 2008 and an inability to keep stores full and in business caused the value of the 146-acre property to drop to $11 million. Now, the property is scheduled to be sold by mortgage holder Wells Fargo Bank sometime in mid-January. Wells Fargo foreclosed on the mall property in November 2015. Sale of the property will include the 1.1 million-square-foot enclosed mall building and several parcels of adjacent commercial property. It does not include properties across the main entrance road, such as stores near Lowe's, Michael's or the Sam's Club/Wal-Mart complex. A struggle from the start The mall has struggled to make things work, almost from the moment it was built. Plans initially included an indoor water park and a go-kart track — neither was ever built. A walk-through of the mall demonstrates how poorly retail stores have done: 45 percent of rentable retail spaces sits unused as of this month, according to New York City-based real estate market research group Trepp, LLC. That's up from 15 percent in 2009. One of mall's original developers, Virginia-based Mills Corp., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2007, leaving Zamias Services of Johnstown the sole owner of the original partnership that developed the property in 2005. The mall's largest renter, Sears, closed its superstore in 2015. The store space it used, nearly one-fifth of the mall's square-footage, remains empty. Wells Fargo asked the courts to appoint a receiver to manage the property until its case was settled. According to court documents, Wells Fargo is owed about $143 million by Mills and Zamias. The property was placed into receivership at the start of this year. This means a court-appointed third party, in this case Jones Lang LaSalle Americas Inc., manages the property in lieu of its owners. Neither Zamias Services nor Jones Lang LaSalle responded to calls for comment. Perhaps it's a good thing One of the mall's newest tenants, Home Collection, recently moved in after leaving its home in Oakmont. The high-end home goods store was busy Friday, despite slow foot traffic inside the mall . Paul Boyle, president and CEO of Home Collection, said the mall's sale could be the best thing for it and the communities it serves. “Honestly, I don't see any problem with the sale,” Boyle said. “I think what you are actually going to see is the community actually being very excited about the mall finally doing something. “It's just been kind of hanging out there, and the community is looking for something to be done.” Boyle said he has been pleased with the services provided by the mall's receiver. “The current management company has been fantastic so far,” he said. “They manage properties worldwide, so they really know what they are doing.” Boyle said he is excited about the future of his company and the mall in general. “I want to go back to there being something positive about this property,” he said. “There are so many positive things about this property already; it would be nice to see it really succeed.” Matthew Medsger is a contributing writer. Related Content Oakmont furniture, gift store moves to larger site in Pittsburgh Mills Coming across the new Home Collection store inside Pittsburgh Mills mall in Frazer was a nice surprise for Resha Chepkevich. "I need a few more gifts, ... More Valley News Dispatch State to add liquor store at Mills mall Village section Allegheny-Kiski Valley Historical Society cuts paid positions, goes with volunteers Brackenridge stabbing victim recalled as quiet, friendly DA: Elizabeth Borough police's use of force 'not inappropriate'  Phone camera found in ladies restroom at UPS site in North Apollo TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Monroeville shooting victim drove self to hospital Pens fans propose unlikely candidate Mt. Pleasant braces for 'major loss' with Kmart closing Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Valley News Dispatch staff Week in Pictures Ringing in the New Year! (Dec. 26 - Jan. 1) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Local news Kids in need enjoy Christmas cheer thanks to Kalispels, Salvation Army SUNDAY, DEC. 18, 2016, 9:29 P.M. By Jonathan Glover jonathang@spokesman.com(509) 459-5013 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Morgan Theobald wants spy equipment for Christmas. In fact, when she grows up, she’d like to join the ranks of James Bond and Ethan Hunt in international espionage. Why? “Because I like spying,” the 6-year-old said. So naturally, when her parents told her and her four siblings they were getting presents from strangers on Sunday, they were all ecstatic. Morgan hoped for a pair of binoculars. “They’ve been bugging us all weekend,” said Dimitri Vozzy, the boyfriend of Morgan’s mother, Kathryn Theobald. Three weeks ago, Christmas gifts seemed wholly unlikely for the family of five. What little money they did have was going to hospital bills and motel rooms, not presents under the tree. Until even those funds ran out. Facing homelessness, they decided to apply for emergency housing through the Salvation Army. The day they were accepted was the day they were going to lose a roof over their head. “Since then, it’s been us trying to put everything back together,” Kathryn Theobald said. Their hard luck took a back seat Sunday, when the Theobalds and Vozzy joined dozens of other families also in emergency housing at the Salvation Army family services center for a Christmas party, with professional elves and gifts donated by the Kalispel Tribe of Indians. The tribe purchased the elves-for-hire at the Wishing Star Foundation’s Wishes and Wine event in November. Rather than use them for a workplace holiday party, as many people do, they decided to throw a celebration for children in need. They also took a trip Thursday to Wal-Mart and spent about $50 on each gift. “I used to work at the Salvation Army, and they’re near and dear to my heart,” said Leslie Rogers, of the Kalispel Tribal Economic Authority, which donates more than $1 million to causes in Pend Oreille and Spokane counties each year. “So we picked them.” The three professional elves – Sprinkles, Peppermint and Sparky – said spreading holiday cheer to children was a highlight of their work week, which included a meeting with the “boss,” Santa Claus. Never breaking character, Marva “Sparky” Ulleland, Janet “Peppermint” Sprenger and Gail “Sprinkles” Gering were dressed head to toe in Christmas bling, with multiple bells that jingled and jangled as they walked. “Hey, Sparky, where’d you get your outfit?” said Sprenger, while setting up before the children arrived. “At the boutique at the North Pole,” Ulleland answered. “We all get our outfits there,” Gering chimed in. As excited kids filled the room, it wasn’t long before they were buzzing around, high on sugar from decorating – and eating – cookies. Some had stars and hearts painted on their faces, while others too young to join in slept soundly in their parents’ arms. “I think it’s awesome,” Kathryn Theobald said. “That they do something like this, it’s just so amazing.” When it was finally time to open presents, the elves slowly read the name of each child. One by one, they came to grab their presents, some needing help from their parents to carry boxes bigger than they were. Morgan, hopeful for her spy equipment, bounced up and down impatiently as children around her ripped apart packages and screamed with elation. She couldn’t understand why her mother was making her wait for her siblings to have a gift before she started. After a 6-year-old’s version of eternity, the moment came at last. She tore at the paper feverishly, while her sister meticulously unwrapped her box, making sure not to rip one square inch of the paper. “Rip it!” Morgan shouted. Her gift open, she turned it around and stared in bewilderment. “Candy Land?” she said. “I’m playing this when we get home!” Published: Dec. 18, 2016, 9:29 p.m.  Tags: Christmas, holidays, Kalispel Tribe of Indians, salvation army Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 11° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 8F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close Caitlin Mullenix • MICDS 2016 student artwork for the United Way 100 Neediest campaign by Caitlin Mullenix, MICDS CASES 94-96: Caregivers of 2-year-old face challenges From staff reports Dec 19, 2016 (…) Caitlin Mullenix • MICDS 2016 student artwork for the United Way 100 Neediest campaign by Caitlin Mullenix, MICDS CASE 94 • L has lived without heat or hot water for more than a year. She must come up with $800 to get the gas turned back on, but is unable to work due to her intellectual disability, schizophrenia and other health problems. She lives with her disabled daughter, who recently lost her job, and her granddaughter, 2. L, 51, asks for help paying her gas bill, as well as a new coat, hat, gloves and winter shoes. She also asks for toys and clothing for her granddaughter and gift certificates to Walmart and Aldi. CASE 95 • Mrs. T, 66, cares for her family but increasingly needs someone to care for her as she battles ALS, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, a neuromuscular disease that eventually will leave her immobilized. The condition also has deteriorated the financial stability for her, her husband, 70, and grandchild, 10. Bills are mounting — medical, utilities; old bills are going severely past due. They’ve mortgaged their house to a dangerous level. She’s spending more time in bed or in a recliner. They could use a repaired or new air conditioner as well as help with groceries and past due bills. Dental bills need to be paid as they can’t seek more help until they’re paid. CASE 96 • Ms. X’s three young children face a bleak holiday season after the death of their 21-month-old brother, who was killed by Ms. X’s ex-boyfriend while she was at work. Ms. X, who has a mental disability, is still struggling to pay the funeral costs and other bills with her meager salary at the fast food restaurant where she works. She doesn’t have money to buy Christmas gifts for her children, whom she just wants to make happy as possible in this difficult time. Ms. X is doing the best she can for her children with what she has, but the challenges have worsened her mental state. She is thankful for any donations this holiday season. Case profiles by Leah Thorsen, Harry Jackson and Nassim Benchaabane, of the Post-Dispatch. 100 Neediest Cases: More on the campaign Nov 3, 2014 (…) Read more cases and find opportunities to give. Tags 100 Neediest Cases United Way Neediest Cases Giving Commerce Bill Medicine Clothing Holiday Season Economics View (…) comments How to give For generations, the 100 Neediest Cases campaign has helped thousands of disadvantaged families during the holidays. The tradition dates to 1922, when civic leaders formed the Christmas Bureau. The Post-Dispatch has partnered with the program for more than five decades, renaming the campaign 100 Neediest Cases in 1954. Annual donations to the campaign swelled to $1.3 million last year from $400 in 1922. HOW IT WORKS • More than 70 social service agencies, working through the United Way, identify thousands of needy families. This year, nearly 12,400 cases were submitted. Volunteers then select 100 cases to be profiled in the newspaper to raise awareness and encourage donations for all the families. TWO WAYS TO GIVE ADOPT A CASE • For highest-need cases, the program supplies donors with a list of a family's needs. Donors are asked to meet at least one of the stated needs and provide at least one present for each child. Everything goes directly to the family, through a social worker. Last year more than 800 high-need cases were adopted. DONATE • Monetary gifts to the 100 Neediest Cases general fund are used to help the more than 10,000 cases, and go directly to the family. TO ADOPT A CASE OR DONATE • Call 314-421-6060 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on weekdays, visit 100neediestcases.org, or mail a check (no cash) to P.O. Box 955925, St. Louis, Mo. 63195. Look back to all that happened in 2016 Access our archives See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News posted: 12/19/2016 1:00 AM Images: The Daily Herald Week in Pictures gallery Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Paul Valade Follow @dhpaulvalade     Photos in this Daily Herald Week in Pictures gallery include plenty of cold weather photos, shopping with heroes and local organizations helping others.   With a windchill temperature at -10 degrees, Maria Becker of Bartlett keeps as little of her skin showing as possible as she walks to her car at Elgin Community College Thursday. Rick West | Staff Photographer   Sami Knob of Draft Picks in Mount Prospect carefully mixes her drink during the Daily Herald Best Martini in the Suburbs contest at Drink in Schaumburg. Steve Lundy | Staff Photographer   Students at Tripp Elementary in Buffalo Grove wave blue pom pons during an assembly to celebrate their 2016 U.S. Department of Education National Blue Ribbon School award Monday. Steve Lundy | Staff Photographer   Aurelio Ocampo of Danza de los Viejtos in Chicago attends a mass by Cardinal Blase Cupich at the annual Feast of Our Lady of the Guadalupe in Des Plaines on Monday. Gilbert R. Boucher II | Staff Photographer   Round Lake Park Police officer Walter Rodriguez has fun shopping Monday during the department's Shop with a Cop event at the Wal-Mart in Round Lake Beach. Paul Valade | Staff Photographer   The Wauconda High School Swing Choir performed Wednesday night during the school's Future Business Leaders of America Meals for All event at Wauconda American Legion. Paul Valade | Staff Photographer   Wauconda High School Future Business Leaders of America members Shawna Weber, center, and Claire O'Brien enjoy serving members of the community during Wednesday's Meals for All event at the Wauconda American Legion. Paul Valade | Staff Photographer   Randa Mormance of Hoffman Estates checks on her daughter, Kacie, as their family, including twin sister Naomi and dad Chris, get ready to go home from Northwest Community Healthcare Thursday. Kacie weighed just 14 ounces when she was born premature at on May 11. Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer   Kacie Mormance, who weighed just 14 ounces when she was born premature at Northwest Community Healthcare on May 11, receives a sendoff from hospital staff as she goes home from the hospital with her parents Chris, left, and Randa, of Hoffman Estates, and twin sister Naomi Thursday. Joe Lewnard | Staff Photographer   Annika Erickson helps pack meals with fellow eighth grade students from South Middle School in Arlington Heights at Feed My Starving Children in Libertyville Thursday. Bob Chwedyk | Staff Photographer   Lauren Watts of Wheaton covers her face at the Wheaton train station in single-digit cold weather on Thursday. Bev Horne | Staff Photographer   Larry Bauler of Wheaton tries to keep warm as he waits in Wheaton for pedestrians during cold weather on Thursday. Bev Horne | Staff Photographer   Temperatures dropped below zero on Thursday in DuPage County. Bev Horne | Staff Photographer   Susan Gilbert of Barrington cradles a cup of coffee as she waits for a train braving sub-zero temperatures at the Barrington Metra station. Bob Chwedyk | Staff Photographer   Commuters brave sub-zero temperatures at the Barrington Metra station. Bob Chwedyk | Staff Photographer   U.S. Army veteran Tony Chobanov, of Naperville, and wife Abbey, are overwhelmed after being presented a key and a check for a donated home in Spring Grove designed by architectural students at Hersey High School. Bob Chwedyk | Staff Photographer   Adler Park School first grade teacher Theresa Gasick helps student Grace Ryan build her gingerbread house Friday at the school in Libertyville. Paul Valade | Staff Photographer Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Arlington Heights Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Arlington Heights Barrington Buffalo Grove Des Plaines Elgin Hoffman Estates Libertyville Mount Prospect Naperville Round Lake Beach Schaumburg Wauconda Wheaton Elgin Community College Photo Gallery Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / International News / 2016 in review: The revenge of the forgotten 2016 in review: The revenge of the forgotten Posted on Monday, December 19, 2016 by CNN in International News Never has there been a more humbling year for a reporter. This was a year when predictions were shattered, polls discredited, facts eschewed and rationality dismissed. “Populism” spread like wildfire across the West, thumbing its nose at elites seen by so many voters as complacent and self-serving. The liberal international order built after 1945, triumphant when the Berlin Wall came down, suddenly looked very vulnerable as free trade came under attack, the “ever closer” European Union began to shred and an authoritarian Russia reasserted itself. Of course the seeds were sown long before 2016: the consequences of globalization, mass migration, growing resentment about inequality, diminishing trust in political institutions — their effects turbo-charged by social media and fake news. We just never imagined them bearing such bitter fruit so suddenly. The day before the Britain’s vote on its membership of the European Union — the first of 2016’s profound shocks — I was sitting across from a Texan on a Eurostar train from Brussels to London. He owned a small, successful business and was traveling around Europe with his family. But he was more excited about witnessing Brexit playing out than visiting Buckingham Palace. “I really hope Britain gets its independence back,” he began. He spoke in soaring terms about sovereignty, freedom from the shackles of political correctness and globalization, which was why he said he would support Trump for President. “I don’t really like Trump that much,” he admitted. But he was tired of having to apologize for being a white American, tired of his kids’ universities teaching them their country was evil, and tired of being told his beliefs were narrow-minded and offensive. Little faith in politicians It was a refrain I would hear again and again, “I don’t really like Donald Trump but…” followed by a laundry list of grievances. In places like Thomaston, Georgia, Trump’s call found a ready audience. Until the 1990s, about 4,000 people earned a wage in its textile mills. Then the work went overseas, to Guatemala and Bangladesh, and good paying jobs became hard to find. Most of the redbrick mills in this town of 10,000 people are silent now, shrouded in weeds. Mayor John ‘JD’ Stallings grew up in the town, and remembers fondly when the stores on Main Street would advance credit on the promise of the next paycheck. Now there aren’t many stores on Main Street; people go to the big Walmart on the edge of town to save bucks (and buy cheap, foreign-produced goods). And there are fewer pay checks. For a generation, Thomaston has voted Republican, but Stallings said this election was different. Trump mobilized people because he promised jobs and rejected deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which he said had “destroyed our country as we know it.” In Thomaston, that message resonated. US Vice-President Joe Biden has spoken of people who felt “left behind,” who were unable to assure their children that things would be OK and who had little faith in politicians to fix them. While the rich were better-off than ever and lived longer, these people did not. Between 2001 and 2014, the life expectancy of the richest 5% of Americans increased by roughly three years. For the poorest 5%, there was no increase. That mood, on both sides of the Atlantic, was fed by a sense that governments were “not looking after their own.” The establishment — it seemed to a wide swathe of voters — was in league with big banks and foreign governments, infatuated by political correctness. It fussed over gay marriage and transgender bathrooms (“Not much of an issue here,” as Mayor Stallings dismissed it) and bent over backwards to accommodate refugees. Anti-factual ideology This anger was neither “right” nor “left” but “anti.” It was mobilized and exploited by outlier politicians like Trump, Nigel Farage of UKIP in England and Beppe Grillo, the leader of the anti-establishment Five Star Movement in Italy. Dubbed as populists, they used unusually blunt language, set out complex issues in simple terms and sided with the underdog. “I love the poorly educated,” exclaimed Trump. His margin of victory among whites without a college degree was the largest of any candidate since 1980. Welcoming Trump’s victory, Grillo said he had “sent an F-U to everyone: Freemasons, big banking groups, the Chinese.” The sense of indignant fury, which has fueled this movement has often been challenging to cover as a reporter. It is not an ideology that can be challenged with facts or tempered with reason. It is emphatically anti-factual, anti-intellectual, anti-science. But it has held up to the light an inherent weakness of liberalism, which is open, encourages dissent and runs the risk of being usurped by a less tolerant and inclusive “-ism.” So does the “establishment” have to adapt by stealing at least some of the clothes of this movement? It’s a question many European leaders are asking themselves. “When voters move in another direction,” Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told the Financial Times last week, “it means the mainstream parties have to be more successful in showing we can solve these problems.” Rutte faces that challenge in elections next March, with the xenophobic and anti-EU Freedom Party leading the polls. Rutte’s government has introduced new rules insisting refugees have a “personal responsibility to integrate, to learn the language and find work.” In Germany, Angela Merkel has just demanded a ban on the full-face veil or burqa “wherever legally possible” ahead of a general election in 2017. She too faces an insurgent right-wing party, the Alternative for Germany. And in France, Francois Fillon has cast himself as the “retro” candidate, celebrating the “values” of provincial middle-class Catholic citizens and complaining that the history books in schools “do not reflect what it is to be French.” Polls suggest Fillon will go head-to-head with the leader of the National Front, Marine Le Pen, in next year’s Presidential election: the right against the far-right. ‘Democracy’ a dirty word And then there is Russia or more accurately Vladimir Putin. In 2011, when the Syrian uprising began, no-one I met in Syria talked much about Russia. People wanted to know if President Obama would help them or Angela Merkel would support a no-fly zone? They discussed concepts like democracy and self-determination into the early hours of the morning. Traveling through rebel-held Aleppo in the spring of this year, I found President Obama and the US were rarely spoken about, except with a cluck of bitter disappointment and derision. Democracy was now a dirty word. And Europe? Not even a mention. But I was asked constantly about Putin, as Russian jets pounded the region in support of the Assad regime. What was his goal in Syria? Who was secretly backing the Russians? The people I met could not fathom why he had a free hand to bomb their country. The Obama doctrine, sometimes dubbed “leading from behind,” for its reliance on regional partners and its cautious approach to the use of American force, was the polar opposite of Putin’s ruthless opportunism. Europe said much but did little, Putin the reverse. And he has found admirers among those challenging conventional wisdom in Europe and the US. In a few weeks, the Russian leader will have a US counterpart apparently at ease with his worldview. “Leading from behind” may become “Let them get on with it.” And polls show that would be just fine with about 60% of Americans. In Merkel’s words: “We are faced with a world, especially after the US election, that needs to reorder itself, with regard to NATO and the relationship with Russia.” But while President Putin is mortal, forces like globalization, automation, artificial intelligence and the explosive expansion of social media are here to stay. Merkel and President Obama declared that “the future is already happening and there will not be a return to a world before globalization.” Course correction or radical shift? Just don’t expect everyone to go quietly. A Pew Research Center poll this year found that half of Americans believe global economic engagement is “a bad thing” because it lowers wages. Trump framed “Make America Great Again” in terms that rejected globalization. The town of Thomaston is a case in point. It has begun to win back some jobs — in printing, with a bio-refinery and with the resurrection of two of its textile mills. The work, for those who have it, pays well. But it’s highly automated: the machines making towels for JW Marriott Hotels are controlled by computers. Average incomes have fallen there this century — from $18,193 per capita in 2000 to $13,925 in 2013. From time immemorial, financial markets have been prone to bubbles. They expand fast, bringing a burst of prosperity and optimism. When that becomes irrational exuberance they are prone to burst. Anxiety and retreat follow – it’s the markets’ cyclical way of correcting themselves when the sums don’t add up. Maybe our democracies are mimicking the markets — the rich were getting too rich, technology too complex, elites too smug. A “course correction” was overdue. But maybe something more profound — challenging the very essence of the liberal order — is afoot. Perhaps 2017 will offer the first clues on how open societies that stand for tolerance, free trade and diversity can reinvent themselves. Or maybe it will herald the beginning of a more chauvinistic era, one in which the American example as the “indispensable nation” will continue to fray, while the raw exercise of power pays off. We are not the first generation to be on the cusp of such change. Traveling through England in 1835, as the country grappled with industrialization and the clamor for representation, the French philosopher Alexis de Tocqueville wrote that “to live in freedom one must grow used to a life full of agitation, change and danger.” Aleppo girl Bana evacuated from war-ravaged city Syria: Evacuations from besieged eastern Aleppo resume Related Posts Nick Faldo to make final British Open appearance Ukraine: 5 soldiers killed as ceasefire wobbles Germanwings crash: Who was on the plane? Dead prosecutor contemplated arrest of Argentina’s President, investigator says Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Breaking News World+ AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram JUST WATCHED 2016: The moments that shocked us Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) 2016: The moments that shocked us Police: 'Mass casualty situation' at Orlando nightclub Cubs win World Series The Brexit saga in 2 minutes Report: Police officers shot during protest Omran: The boy who has known nothing but war Cincinnati Zoo stands by decision to kill gorilla Video shows chaos in Nice, France Terror attack at Istanbul airport North Korea says its bomb can be put on a rocket Police: Three officers feared dead in Baton Rouge Alton Sterling shot and killed by police in Baton Rouge Dylan: First songwriter to win literature Nobel Prize Police: Ryan Lochte lied about Rio gas station robbery NFL's Kaepernick sits in protest during national anthem 2016 in review: The revenge of the forgotten By Clarissa Ward, CNN Updated 10:28 AM ET, Mon December 19, 2016 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. (CNN)Never has there been a more humbling year for a reporter. This was a year when predictions were shattered, polls discredited, facts eschewed and rationality dismissed. "Populism" spread like wildfire across the West, thumbing its nose at elites seen by so many voters as complacent and self-serving. The liberal international order built after 1945, triumphant when the Berlin Wall came down, suddenly looked very vulnerable as free trade came under attack, the "ever closer" European Union began to shred and an authoritarian Russia reasserted itself. Of course the seeds were sown long before 2016: the consequences of globalization, mass migration, growing resentment about inequality, diminishing trust in political institutions -- their effects turbo-charged by social media and fake news. We just never imagined them bearing such bitter fruit so suddenly. A man carrying a pro-Brexit placard shouts at pro-Europe campaigners in a March for Europe demonstration in London. The day before the Britain's vote on its membership of the European Union -- the first of 2016's profound shocks -- I was sitting across from a Texan on a Eurostar train from Brussels to London. He owned a small, successful business and was traveling around Europe with his family. But he was more excited about witnessing Brexit playing out than visiting Buckingham Palace. Read More "I really hope Britain gets its independence back," he began. He spoke in soaring terms about sovereignty, freedom from the shackles of political correctness and globalization, which was why he said he would support Trump for President. "I don't really like Trump that much," he admitted. But he was tired of having to apologize for being a white American, tired of his kids' universities teaching them their country was evil, and tired of being told his beliefs were narrow-minded and offensive. READ MORE: Photo that captures 2016's political tsunamis Little faith in politicians It was a refrain I would hear again and again, "I don't really like Donald Trump but..." followed by a laundry list of grievances. In places like Thomaston, Georgia, Trump's call found a ready audience. Until the 1990s, about 4,000 people earned a wage in its textile mills. Then the work went overseas, to Guatemala and Bangladesh, and good paying jobs became hard to find. Most of the redbrick mills in this town of 10,000 people are silent now, shrouded in weeds. Donald Trump greets supporters during a rally in Harrington, Delaware. He promised voters jobs, and railed against NAFTA. Mayor John 'JD' Stallings grew up in the town, and remembers fondly when the stores on Main Street would advance credit on the promise of the next paycheck. Now there aren't many stores on Main Street; people go to the big Walmart on the edge of town to save bucks (and buy cheap, foreign-produced goods). And there are fewer pay checks. For a generation, Thomaston has voted Republican, but Stallings said this election was different. Trump mobilized people because he promised jobs and rejected deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which he said had "destroyed our country as we know it." In Thomaston, that message resonated. US Vice-President Joe Biden has spoken of people who felt "left behind," who were unable to assure their children that things would be OK and who had little faith in politicians to fix them. While the rich were better-off than ever and lived longer, these people did not. Between 2001 and 2014, the life expectancy of the richest 5% of Americans increased by roughly three years. For the poorest 5%, there was no increase. That mood, on both sides of the Atlantic, was fed by a sense that governments were "not looking after their own." The establishment -- it seemed to a wide swathe of voters -- was in league with big banks and foreign governments, infatuated by political correctness. It fussed over gay marriage and transgender bathrooms ("Not much of an issue here," as Mayor Stallings dismissed it) and bent over backwards to accommodate refugees. READ MORE: Wake up! Trump isn't a real populist Anti-factual ideology A woman walks past posters for the far-right CasaPound party, urging a "No" vote in Italy's referendum. This anger was neither "right" nor "left" but "anti." It was mobilized and exploited by outlier politicians like Trump, Nigel Farage of UKIP in England and Beppe Grillo, the leader of the anti-establishment Five Star Movement in Italy. Dubbed as populists, they used unusually blunt language, set out complex issues in simple terms and sided with the underdog. "I love the poorly educated," exclaimed Trump. His margin of victory among whites without a college degree was the largest of any candidate since 1980. Welcoming Trump's victory, Grillo said he had "sent an F-U to everyone: Freemasons, big banking groups, the Chinese." The sense of indignant fury, which has fueled this movement has often been challenging to cover as a reporter. It is not an ideology that can be challenged with facts or tempered with reason. It is emphatically anti-factual, anti-intellectual, anti-science. But it has held up to the light an inherent weakness of liberalism, which is open, encourages dissent and runs the risk of being usurped by a less tolerant and inclusive "-ism." So does the "establishment" have to adapt by stealing at least some of the clothes of this movement? It's a question many European leaders are asking themselves. "When voters move in another direction," Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told the Financial Times last week, "it means the mainstream parties have to be more successful in showing we can solve these problems." Rutte faces that challenge in elections next March, with the xenophobic and anti-EU Freedom Party leading the polls. Rutte's government has introduced new rules insisting refugees have a "personal responsibility to integrate, to learn the language and find work." In Germany, Angela Merkel has just demanded a ban on the full-face veil or burqa "wherever legally possible" ahead of a general election in 2017. She too faces an insurgent right-wing party, the Alternative for Germany. French far-right politician Marine Le Pen is expected to go head-to-head with Francois Fillon in the country's presidential election. And in France, Francois Fillon has cast himself as the "retro" candidate, celebrating the "values" of provincial middle-class Catholic citizens and complaining that the history books in schools "do not reflect what it is to be French." Polls suggest Fillon will go head-to-head with the leader of the National Front, Marine Le Pen, in next year's Presidential election: the right against the far-right. READ MORE: Trump, Brexit and populism 'not all the same' 'Democracy' a dirty word And then there is Russia or more accurately Vladimir Putin. In 2011, when the Syrian uprising began, no-one I met in Syria talked much about Russia. People wanted to know if President Obama would help them or Angela Merkel would support a no-fly zone? They discussed concepts like democracy and self-determination into the early hours of the morning. Traveling through rebel-held Aleppo in the spring of this year, I found President Obama and the US were rarely spoken about, except with a cluck of bitter disappointment and derision. Democracy was now a dirty word. And Europe? Not even a mention. But I was asked constantly about Putin, as Russian jets pounded the region in support of the Assad regime. What was his goal in Syria? Who was secretly backing the Russians? The people I met could not fathom why he had a free hand to bomb their country. Russia's involvement in the Syrian civil war has tipped the scales in favor of the Assad regime. The Obama doctrine, sometimes dubbed "leading from behind," for its reliance on regional partners and its cautious approach to the use of American force, was the polar opposite of Putin's ruthless opportunism. Europe said much but did little, Putin the reverse. And he has found admirers among those challenging conventional wisdom in Europe and the US. In a few weeks, the Russian leader will have a US counterpart apparently at ease with his worldview. "Leading from behind" may become "Let them get on with it." And polls show that would be just fine with about 60% of Americans. In Merkel's words: "We are faced with a world, especially after the US election, that needs to reorder itself, with regard to NATO and the relationship with Russia." But while President Putin is mortal, forces like globalization, automation, artificial intelligence and the explosive expansion of social media are here to stay. Merkel and President Obama declared that "the future is already happening and there will not be a return to a world before globalization." READ MORE: Populism in Europe -- a visual guide Course correction or radical shift? Just don't expect everyone to go quietly. A Pew Research Center poll this year found that half of Americans believe global economic engagement is "a bad thing" because it lowers wages. Trump framed "Make America Great Again" in terms that rejected globalization. Donald Trump reacts to a question by one of his supporters during a campaign rally in Cincinnati, Ohio. The town of Thomaston is a case in point. It has begun to win back some jobs -- in printing, with a bio-refinery and with the resurrection of two of its textile mills. The work, for those who have it, pays well. But it's highly automated: the machines making towels for JW Marriott Hotels are controlled by computers. Average incomes have fallen there this century -- from $18,193 per capita in 2000 to $13,925 in 2013. From time immemorial, financial markets have been prone to bubbles. They expand fast, bringing a burst of prosperity and optimism. When that becomes irrational exuberance they are prone to burst. Anxiety and retreat follow - it's the markets' cyclical way of correcting themselves when the sums don't add up. Maybe our democracies are mimicking the markets -- the rich were getting too rich, technology too complex, elites too smug. A "course correction" was overdue. But maybe something more profound -- challenging the very essence of the liberal order -- is afoot. READ MORE: Liberals need to grow a spine in 2017 Perhaps 2017 will offer the first clues on how open societies that stand for tolerance, free trade and diversity can reinvent themselves. Or maybe it will herald the beginning of a more chauvinistic era, one in which the American example as the "indispensable nation" will continue to fray, while the raw exercise of power pays off. We are not the first generation to be on the cusp of such change. Traveling through England in 1835, as the country grappled with industrialization and the clamor for representation, the French philosopher Alexis de Tocqueville wrote that "to live in freedom one must grow used to a life full of agitation, change and danger." CNN's Tim Lister contributed to this report. Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
null
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 24° Cloudy High: 30° | Low: 5° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted December 19, 2016 Updated December 19, 2016 increase font size Hannaford testing ways to gain edge in crowded market The Scarborough-based grocer is implementing technology and service ideas that it believes will please modern customers. By J. Craig Anderson Staff Writer Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-791-6390 Share Comment Read Article 1 of 6 Hannaford's cavernous location in Bedford, New Hampshire, boasts a cafe and several prepared-to-order food kiosks, in addition to conventional shopping aisles. Ben McCanna/Staff Photographer To get a glimpse into the future of Scarborough-based Hannaford, one need only visit the grocery chain’s recently opened “learning lab” store in Bedford, New Hampshire. The location is Hannaford’s most high-tech store, while also being a throwback to the olden days of high-touch customer service. Aided by computers, tablets and touch screens, the store’s employees will cut your produce any way you like, help you select the best cut of meat or the perfect bottle of wine, and prepare your entire meal to eat in the store’s café or take home and throw directly into a pot. They’ll even do your shopping for you. “We’re excited about innovation, and a focus on the future,” said Hannaford President Mike Vail. Hannaford President Mike Vail at the company’s smallest store, in North Berwick. Ben McCanna/Staff Photographer While some retailers are running scared from the consumer shift toward online shopping and shrinking their brick-and-mortar footprints, Hannaford is leaning in and going on the offensive. Its weapons of choice are freshness, convenience and local pride. The strategy is intended to help the chain compete in an increasingly crowded market. A 2016 study on U.S. grocery shopping trends by the Hartman Group for the Food Marketing Institute found that the competitive landscape for supermarkets has become more fragmented, as more retailers have gotten into the game. The study found that shoppers increasingly rely on a broader number of less-traditional providers including Wal-Mart, Target and Amazon, making it more difficult to find consumers who claim a specific provider as their retailer of choice for groceries. It also found that in addition to the decline in chain loyalty, shoppers are purchasing more grocery items online and using digital tools to plan trips, compare prices and share food experiences. Hannaford isn’t abandoning supermarket staples such as brand-name canned and boxed foods, but those aisles are not where the company expects to see future revenue growth. Such items belong in what Vail calls the “leaky bucket.” “Nonperishable products are much more susceptible to online purchases,” he said. So Hannaford is placing greater emphasis on the items that cannot be purchased easily online, including fresh produce, meats, ready-made meals, wine and beer. At the 68,000-square-foot Bedford store, which opened in June, those sections are being blown out to the extreme and experimented upon with a variety of test products and services. Those that succeed will make their way into other locations. Hannaford has more than 180 stores in northern New England. A PREMIUM ON CONVENIENCE As with most Hannaford stores, the main entrance to the Bedford location leads directly into the produce section, but there are a few differences. One is an island in the middle of the section that is staffed by three employees who are available to slice, dice and combine fresh produce to customers’ specifications, to make cooking at home more convenient. Another change is the much greater variety of already-cut fruits and vegetables, both in terms of product types and container sizes. The point is to make produce shopping more convenient for a wide variety of shoppers with different needs, Vail said. Directly behind the produce section is the meat and fish counter, where Hannaford is including more partially prepared dishes, as well as products that come from local farms and fisheries. “We pulled meat forward, so it’s the No. 2 area right behind produce,” Vail said. The meat and fish counter includes signs with detailed information about each product, and workers have access to iPad tablets with additional information, including videos. Vail said part of that effort is to make the buying process more user-friendly for younger shoppers who might not know exactly what they want. “Meat can be intimidating for millennials,” he said. Both the produce and meat areas contain island displays featuring various products from local and regional farms. Each island includes signs with information about the farm and its products. Vail said Hannaford’s extensive market research found that many customers want to buy fresh items from nearby sources. They want to know where the products came from, and how they were handled in the process. “It makes people feel good, and they’re supporting their local food growers,” he said, adding that Hannaford now carries about 6,000 locally sourced items. Representatives of the local farms also visit the store regularly to hand out samples and answer questions, Vail said. The company also is trying out an idea to turn Hannaford stores into social gathering places. The Bedford location contains a large, WiFi-enabled café at the front of the store, with an adjacent kitchen where diners can purchase a wide range of made-to-order foods for immediate consumption, including sandwiches, salads, pizza, Mexican food, sushi and stir-fry. Hannaford is promoting the café as a place for business lunches and family dinners. “That’s a big experiment for us, that café,” Vail said. Vail said the kitchen is a good business-within-a-business because the mark-ups on fully prepared meals are much higher, and the supermarket itself offers a nearly limitless supply of ingredients. For example, customers can order a gourmet grilled panini sandwich made with any meats and cheeses available from Hannaford’s deli. So far, the most popular area of the kitchen is the stir-fry bar. Customers select their ingredients and hand them off to an employee who adds the customer’s desired fresh meats and sauces from a menu, then stir-fries them together on the spot. “People love the stir-fry,” Vail said. “We get over 800 orders a week,” which is about all the store can currently handle. The Bedford store’s beer and wine section is double the size of those in other Hannaford stores. Vail said beer and wine is another product area that is ripe for revenue growth, with more consumers interested in trying out the best gourmet or locally made products. Bottles of wine at the Bedford store range in price from $5 to $250. “We made a big bet on wine, with a huge allocation (of space),” Vail said. TRACKING CONSUMER CHOICES When shopping at Bedford’s experimental supermarket, don’t be surprised if a staff member asks to follow you around on a “shop-along.” They’re less interested in what you buy as they are in how you buy it. Do you snake up and down the aisles from one end of the store to the other, or do you head directly to certain areas in search of specific items? In addition, Hannaford has embedded RFID chips into shopping carts to track the progression of shoppers around the store. Vail said information gathered from the shop-alongs and RFID chips will help the company improve its placement of products inside its stores. For example, the Bedford store now includes a mini-store near the entrance that contains staple items that in most supermarkets are all the way to the back of the store, such as milk and other dairy products. Vail hopes such features will make grocery shopping more convenient and desirable for customers. The Bedford store also has taken the grocery chain’s “Hannaford To Go” service to the next level. A large room at the front of the store is devoted to storing and arranging orders placed by customers online, and staff members roam the aisles compiling pickup orders for online customers. The store has two drive-thru lanes, one for pharmacy customers and the other for Hannaford To Go patrons. Nationally, many supermarket chains have implemented features similar to those being introduced inside Hannaford’s Bedford store. However, many of those are high-end stores catering to wealthier customers willing to pay higher prices. Vail said one of the key requirements for Hannaford is that none of the changes results in price increases on any items. “Pricing is still 50 percent of the decision on where you shop,” he said. An hour away in North Berwick, Hannaford is testing another strategy with a small-format store of just 20,000 square feet. The North Berwick experiment is to use data about local demographics and customer feedback to curate a smaller inventory that still meets local shoppers’ needs. Vail said the North Berwick store could become the model for how to place more Hannaford stores in smaller communities that would not be able to support a full-size store. North Berwick Hannaford shopper Kim Neault, who lives in Sanford, indicated the experiment is succeeding. “Even though it’s smaller, it has everything I need,” she said. Vail said the strengths Hannaford is building on at its Bedford lab and other stores should be enough to prevent online retailers from taking over the grocery business at the local level. “If Amazon wants to come into this space, there’s no way they should be able to handle freshness the way we handle freshness,” he said.   Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Business Maine suing Volkswagen over cheating on environmental rules News U.S. employers added 156,000 jobs in December, unemployment at 4.7 percent Business Natural gas storage wouldn’t benefit Maine consumers, consultant says Business Sears in Augusta among 42 stores to be closed Recent Read Shared Gang leads spree killings against Brazilian inmates Commentary: For some players, the work has been as hard off the field as on Citizen organizes against possible development bond When shooting suspect returned from Iraq, 'it was like he lost his mind,' family says NFL playoff opponents must shrug off disappointments Maine DOT posts 90 job openings for snowplow drivers; will train LePage verifies marijuana vote, making possession of small amounts legal Jan. 30 Waldoboro man killed when pickup slams into plow truck on Maine Turnpike LePage says two companies may close over high energy costs, erasing 400 jobs In a year, you won't be able to board a plane with a Maine ID unless the state acts An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
null
Home Technology USA: students build hi-tech toys for disabled kids USA: students build hi-tech toys for disabled kids This conundrum gave two University of North Florida professors an idea: mix engineering and physical therapy students in a lab with the goal of converting toys from store shelves into custom-made fun for disabled children By: Associated Press | Jacksonville | Published: December 19, 2016 4:47 PM Dr Alison Cernich, a neuropsychologist and director at the NIH’s Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, said the agency funded the program because it forces students from different fields. (Reuters) Because of her cerebral palsy, 4-year-old Scarlett Wilgis has trouble opening her hands and can’t get around without help. Her parents have scoured store shelves and websites looking for toys for her, but have mostly been disappointed. ”Finding the toys at Walmart or Target, they’re pretty much non-existent,” said mom Dezaraye Wilgis, sitting with Scarlett in front of their twinkling Christmas tree in St. Augustine. ”Or if you get them through a medical supplier they’re extremely expensive.” While major toy makers have changed with the times and sell dolls with wheelchairs and crutches, those designed to be used by children with severe disabilities like Scarlett are still difficult, if not impossible, to find. Because they have to be customised for each child, the cost can skyrocket. This conundrum gave two University of North Florida professors an idea: mix engineering and physical therapy students in a lab with the goal of converting toys from store shelves into custom-made fun for disabled children. The Adaptive Toy Project is now in its third year and has drawn a 5-year grant from the National Institutes of Health. It is helping families like Scarlett’s while giving the students a dose of community service and real-world experience that will stick with them long after graduation. Dr Alison Cernich, a neuropsychologist and director at the NIH’s Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, said the agency funded the program because it forces students from different fields to collaborate and solve a problem in the community. ”This program is getting students in the early phases of their training thinking about ordinary objects, toys, and how to adapt those toys so that children with limitations can use and play with them like children without limitations,” she said. On a recent day, the school’s small lab buzzed with the sound of tools and chatter as students customized cars for their new owners. You may also like to watch this video: Chris Martin, an electrical engineering student, had removed the hood of Scarlett’s car, exposing its wires. A large push button replaced the steering, and light sensors mounted underneath the car will allow it to follow a line of tape along the floor whenever Scarlett hits the button. Now, Scarlett’s parents can design routes for the car with tape, or use a remote-control mode for family walks. When Martin first met Scarlett’s mother, ”she actually cried, and it just made me want to work harder,” Martin said. ”I just want to make it as perfect as possible for her.” The cars retail between $250 and $500; the customisation makes them worth well over $1,000. The families, about 18 so far, get the cars free. Mary Lundy, a UNF professor of physical therapy who started the Adaptive Toy Project with an engineering colleague, said the students meet with families, go to therapy appointments and schools. ”Engineering students teach the physical therapy students how to modify basic electronics … and in the process engineers learn how to do people-centered designs, and how to look at their clients differently,” Lundy said. For the kids, it’s also a way to continue important therapies through play. Dr Peter Rosenbaum, a professor of paediatrics at McMaster University in Canada, said his field is increasingly focusing on ”augmented mobility,” to give kids a way to move around so they can be more independent. ‘We can’t fix them,” Rosenbaum said. ”What we can do instead is say, `What would a child at this age and stage of development be doing if they didn’t have their impairment? How can we give them those experiences?’ This changes the perspectives of everyone around her and her perspective of herself.” UNF’s program is one of 60 related toy car programs for disabled children internationally that are part of the Go Baby Go network, but is the only one that has enlisted students to customise the vehicles for free. After weeks of work, Scarlett finally tested the car Martin and his colleagues built. They strapped her in and showed her how to hit the push button in the toy she would hopefully use for at least three or four years. The car drove forward, and Scarlett rocked back and forth. Her mother fought back tears and her father walked alongside her. ‘For her, she’s going to be able to get out more and not be trapped by a wheelchair … and for us it’ll be nice to see her interact with other children. It’s amazing,” Dezaraye said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Russian President Vladimir Putin directed cyber campaign to help Donald Trump: Intelligence report Shocking: Deprived of hearse service, agrieved father carries dead daughter for 15 kms; watch video Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 Gold slips from one-month high after US data; palladium rises Pizza deliveryman shot by police gets $ 4.4mn settlement Virat Kohli named Team India ODI, T20 captain; All you want to know about the skipper Bengaluru mass molestation: Women wearing short clothes are inviting troubles, says Swami Omji Multiple people shot at Fort Lauderdale international airport: Reports Man punches 2 women, hurls anti-Indian abuse in New York China likely to have third aircraft carrier: Official media Delhi BJP accuses Satyendar Jain of corruption, says he must be sacked  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
News Watchdog Dangerous Doses Pharmacy groups talk reforms after Tribune report on risky drug interactions Dangerous Doses: Pharmacies miss half of dangerous drug combinations The Chicago Tribune tested 255 pharmacies to see how often stores would dispense risky drug pairs without warning patients. Fifty-two percent of the tested pharmacies sold the medications without mentioning the potential interaction. (Chicago Tribune) The Chicago Tribune tested 255 pharmacies to see how often stores would dispense risky drug pairs without warning patients. Fifty-two percent of the tested pharmacies sold the medications without mentioning the potential interaction. (Chicago Tribune) Ray Long and Sam RoeContact ReportersChicago Tribune Citing a Tribune investigation into dangerous drug interactions, the head of the nation's top association of pharmacy regulators is urging states to enact tough laws to require pharmacists to counsel patients when they pick up medications. "Counseling has to occur," said Carmen Catizone, executive director of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy. He said he wants states to publicly disclose pharmacy medication errors. In addition, he said, authorities should examine whether to set minimum staffing levels for pharmacies to address workload issues. The Tribune investigation, published online Thursday and in the print edition Sunday, found that Chicago-area pharmacies frequently dispense dangerous drug combinations without warning patients. Of the 255 drugstores tested by the newspaper, 52 percent sold risky drug pairs without mentioning the potentially harmful or even fatal interactions. Pharmacies miss half of dangerous drug combinations Sam Roe, Ray Long and Karisa King The Tribune reporter walked into an Evanston CVS pharmacy carrying two prescriptions: one for a common antibiotic, the other for a popular anti-cholesterol drug. Taken alone, these two drugs, clarithromycin and simvastatin, are relatively safe. But taken together they can cause a severe breakdown... The Tribune reporter walked into an Evanston CVS pharmacy carrying two prescriptions: one for a common antibiotic, the other for a popular anti-cholesterol drug. Taken alone, these two drugs, clarithromycin and simvastatin, are relatively safe. But taken together they can cause a severe breakdown... (Sam Roe, Ray Long and Karisa King) U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, in response to the findings, called for new nationwide policies to protect consumers from drug combinations. "It's hard for me to believe that, in this age of computers and software, we would still be dealing with such a fundamentally dangerous issue," Durbin said in an interview. "You would think that, at this point, with records being kept and the vast amount of knowledge on these drugs, the pharmacists could wave off prescriptions that are dangerous to customers." He asked: "Where's the safety for the consumer?" Drug interactions, in which one drug alters the effect of another, have been a major public health problem for years, but little progress has been made in reducing the risks. The Tribune testing represents the largest and most comprehensive study of its kind. In response to the findings, three of America's biggest pharmacy chains — CVS, Walgreens and Wal-Mart — said they would take steps to improve patient safety at stores nationwide. The changes cover 22,000 drugstores and involve additional training for 123,000 pharmacists and technicians. State laws on when pharmacists must counsel patients vary across the country. In Illinois, pharmacies are required to provide patients with an "offer to counsel" on all prescriptions. Pharmacies often address this requirement by having staff ask customers at checkout, "Do you have any questions for the pharmacist today?" or sometimes simply, "Any questions?" Audrey Galal E. Jason Wambsgans / Chicago Tribune Pharmacist Audrey Galal recognized the danger when presented with a pair of prescriptions at the independent Mexicare Pharmacy in Chicago’s Pilsen neighborhood and did not dispense the drugs. Pharmacist Audrey Galal recognized the danger when presented with a pair of prescriptions at the independent Mexicare Pharmacy in Chicago’s Pilsen neighborhood and did not dispense the drugs. (E. Jason Wambsgans / Chicago Tribune) Catizone said he would like to see all states require pharmacists to actually provide — not just offer — counseling about first-time medications and changes of doses. CVS, the nation's largest pharmacy chain by store count, said it would change its approach to the "offer to counsel" in light of the Tribune tests. The company said it will require a more robust and explanatory communication between staff and patients. Once the wording is finalized, CVS' 50,000 technicians will be trained in the new policy, the company said. CVS had the highest failure rate of any chain in the Tribune tests, dispensing the medications with no warning 63 percent of the time. Catizone said his association, composed of state regulatory agencies, would help provide advice in response to Durbin's call for action. The association influences state policy through the development of national standards, which can provide a framework for new legislation. When pharmacies find out about a medication error, Catizone said, they should be required to report the instance to their state board of pharmacy. Once a state investigation is complete, he said, the reports should be publicly released. Pharmacies sometimes have to fill hundreds of prescriptions in a single shift, and pharmacists have fought to increase staffing levels because of the workload. Catizone's group previously has called on states to prohibit, restrict or regulate company policies that measure the speed of pharmacists' work. In light of the Tribune's findings, Catizone said the question of minimum staffing levels should be explored. After Tribune investigation, Durbin pushes interactive drug protection for consumers Ray Long and Sam Roe In the wake of a Tribune investigation of Chicago-area pharmacies, U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin is calling for new nationwide policies to protect consumers from dangerous drug combinations. On Thursday, the Tribune reported that testing by the newspaper found that 52 percent of 255 pharmacies, including... In the wake of a Tribune investigation of Chicago-area pharmacies, U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin is calling for new nationwide policies to protect consumers from dangerous drug combinations. On Thursday, the Tribune reported that testing by the newspaper found that 52 percent of 255 pharmacies, including... (Ray Long and Sam Roe) Durbin, the Senate's second-highest-ranking Democrat, also is pressing for answers. He sent letters to industry groups representing independent and chain stores, asking them to explain what they are doing to reduce patient risk to drug interactions. Contacted by the Tribune, the groups, the Illinois Pharmacists Association and the National Community Pharmacists Association, said they will develop responses to Durbin's letter. At the federal level, Durbin is urging the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to determine how common it is for pharmacists not to warn about drug interactions. In a letter to the CDC, he asked the agency to establish concrete steps to ensure the safety of consumers and to issue guidelines to state boards of pharmacy and private industry groups. He wrote that he is "deeply concerned by what appears to be an underlying problem of misplaced emphasis on quick service over patient safety." Durbin urged the CDC to examine how software can be better used to alert pharmacists to the risks of drug interactions. He also asked the agency to examine how company metrics that track prescriptions, workload and customer wait-time might affect patient safety and pharmacy error. rlong@chicagotribune.com sroe@chicagotribune.com Twitter @RayLong @SamRoe Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Drugs and Medicines Dick Durbin U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention How the Tribune conducted the tests Mix of medications leaves woman fighting for life Big data offers new way to find hidden drug interactions Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 4°
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 11° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 8F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close Buy Now Chris Lee Matt Klopmeyer of Columbia, Ill. plays catch with his daughter, Chloe, 6, in an aisle at the South County Target store on Black Friday, Nov. 25, 2016, in St. Louis. In the background is Klopmeyer's other daughter, Phoebe, 4. "I'm keeping the kids distracted so Mom can do the shopping," said Klopmeyer. Photo by Chris Lee, clee@post-dispatch.com Multicultural dolls a hit for Target and other retailers Multicultural dolls a hit for Target and other retailers By Kavita Kumar • Star Tribune Dec 19, 2016 (…) Buy Now Chris Lee Matt Klopmeyer of Columbia, Ill. plays catch with his daughter, Chloe, 6, in an aisle at the South County Target store on Black Friday, Nov. 25, 2016, in St. Louis. In the background is Klopmeyer's other daughter, Phoebe, 4. "I'm keeping the kids distracted so Mom can do the shopping," said Klopmeyer. Photo by Chris Lee, clee@post-dispatch.com MINNEAPOLIS • One of the few items on the Christmas list of Emily Noreen’s 4-year-old daughter is a doll she can call her own. “I want her to have something preferably that looks like her, which is hard because their father is African-American and I’m white,” Noreen said. So she was heartened to find more than one option in the Our Generation line, a less-expensive alternative to American Girl, while perusing the toy aisles of Target. After some deliberation, she picked out a doll named Nahla, whose skin is a bit darker than her daughter’s but whose curly hair was pretty close. Richard Barry, chief merchandising officer for Toys ‘R’ Us, said the changes in the toy aisles are happening as toymakers and retailers alike are finally listening to customers’ demands for more diversity. “We hear from customers,” he said. “We get applauded on the things we have, but they are also very keen to tell us the things we don’t or the things they would like us to have. We feed that back to our manufacturing partners.” The need for more multicultural options was one of the insights Toys ‘R’ Us took to heart when developing its private-label line of dolls called Journey Girls. Launched in 2010 with four dolls, it has expanded to seven dolls of all shades. While a spokeswoman said the blond-haired, blue-eyed doll is the most popular, Barry said the racially diverse offerings across many brands have been selling well, giving manufacturers more confidence to do even more. You can see it, he said, in the success of Hasbro’s Baby Alive dolls. “A key driver of the success of that brand this year has been diversity and ethnicities,” he said. “Hasbro has always had the blue-eyed, blond-haired Baby Alive doll. In adding other ethnicities, they’ve seen demand for that line significantly increase. It’s definitely working.” Toys ‘R’ Us also recently started carrying American Girl’s Truly Me collection in select stores — which includes dozens of dolls of all shades, eye colors and hairstyles, including one without hair and that come with accessories such as crutches, diabetes kits and wheelchairs. American Girl added another black character to its lineup of historical dolls this summer, a girl who grows up in civil rights-era Detroit. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart also expanded the range of skin colors and hairstyles in its My Life As and My Sweet Love doll collections, including even adding an 18-inch boy doll, a first for a mass retailer, said spokeswoman Danit Marquardt. There also are two new Disney princesses this year, joining Elsa and Ariel. Products featuring Elena of Avalor, who is Latina, and Moana, a Hawaiian heroine, are a common site on shelves this holiday. Barbie, who set an unrealistic standard of beauty for generations of little girls, received a major makeover this year. Mattel, which had seen sales of its flagship brand faltering for years, hoped to make Barbie more relevant with a new Fashionistas line with dolls that come in with seven different skin tones, 22 eye colors and 24 hairstyles. She was also finally given more realistic body proportions and comes in three sizes — curvy, petite and tall. The changes have helped Barbie get her groove back with sales rising this year. “It’s doing extremely well,” said Jim Silver, editor of toy review site TTPM. “It’s one — if not the — hottest segment of Barbie.” He added that it’s meaningful that Mattel has refrained from labeling the new Barbies, but instead has given them a range of skin tones and eye colors. “As this country is forged in more mixed marriages and more different ethnic background getting married, you can’t label anymore,” he said. “Everybody looks different.” Anthonia Akitunde, editor-in-chief of Mater Mea, a website focused on women of color, remembers her excitement when American Girl introduced Addy Walker in 1990s, the brand’s first black character. Even though she couldn’t afford one, it was still a special moment for her. “I was excited to see someone with brown skin,” she said. “She had a gap (in her teeth) and I had a gap. There was something comforting in seeing a doll who on the surface level looks like me.” Who's hired? Check our People in Business See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis These days, she sees her Facebook news feed light up whenever there are new launches of other racially diverse dolls. She recalled the buzz, for example, about Naturally Perfect Dolls, which are primarily sold online and celebrate kinky and curly hair as an alternative to black dolls with straight hair. Still, she hears about fights in the toys aisles when daughters want a white doll while the mothers insist on getting a black doll. “If all she’s seeing is Elsa and this long braid, it’s hard to counter that messaging,” Akitunde said. Stacey McBride-Irby has begun to see a cultural shift. She grew up playing with white Barbies, which inspired her to go to work at Mattel. She worked there for 15 years, designing a line of So In Style Barbies in 2009 with four different skin tones and fuller noses and lips compared to the previous black Barbies who were basically identical to the white versions. She left Mattel several years ago to start her own diverse line called Prettie Girls! dolls, which come with a South Asian, East Asian, Hispanic, African, African-American and white character. Wal-Mart has started carrying it. In fact, she said, it was the nation’s largest retailer that approached her at a toy fair. “Consumers have been voicing their opinion, and fortunately the retailers and manufacturers are finally listening,” she said. “And consumers are finally purchasing the dolls they’re crying out for.” It’s a reflection, too, that the notion of beauty is much broader today, a message that is hitting home as more diverse models and actresses become more common. “It’s not just a mom telling a little girl that black is beautiful, but they can see it on the TV or in a magazine,” she said. Or in a doll.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Doll Commerce Economics Marketing Retailer View (…) comments Most popular Kmart closing stores in St. Louis, Alton and Granite City Infomercial sensation 'My Pillow' flunks out of Better Business Bureau Four St. Louis projects win nearly $51 million in TIF support St. Louis to get new nonstop flight to Charleston, S.C. Ford cancels $1.6 billion Mexican plant, will invest $700 million in Michigan factory Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section J.C. Penney holiday sales fell 0.8 percent, shares slide Apartments, parking garage out of next Cortex growth spurt Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 The Limited closing all stores across the U.S. Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Find the dream job you are looking for Get your Blues gear from the Post-Dispatch Store! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
St George News 32 33/27 Sat 46/38 Sun 56/45 2 toys that may be spying on your kids; FTC complaint filed Written by Cody Blowers December 18, 2016 My Friend Cayla Doll image courtesy of Genesis Toy Company, i-Que Robot image obtained from Wikipedia, Image created by St. George News St. GEORGE — A complaint was filed with the Federal Trade Commission by consumer watchdog groups that say two toys made by Genesis Toy company record conversations which are sent to a voice technology company with military and law enforcement clients. This complaint concerns toys that spy. By purpose and design, these toys record and collect the private conversations of young children without any limitations on collection, use, or disclosure of this personal information. The toys subject young children to ongoing surveillance and are deployed in homes across the United States without any meaningful data protection standards. They pose an imminent and immediate threat to the safety and security of children in the United States. Due to a growing level of concern over the two toys, the My Friend Cayla Doll and the i-Que Intelligent Robot, a complaint was filed with the Federal Trade Commission last week, claiming that “the toys subject young children to ongoing surveillance” and violate privacy and consumer protection laws. Two ‘My Friend Cayla Dolls’ located in the toy section of Target, located at 275 S. River Road, St. George, Utah, Dec. 16, 2016 | Photo by Cody Blowers, St. George News The advocacy groups allege that the Cayla Doll and the robot are  spying on the children who own them, as outlined in the complaint filed with the Federal Trade Commission. Read more: FTC complaint against Genesis Toys and Nuance Communications – Dec. 6, 2016. The complaint alleges that toy maker, Genesis Toys, a Hong Kong, China, company with a Los Angeles office, engaged in deceptive marketing and violated a law that restricts the collection of personal data about children.  These toys are sold all over the country by several big box retailers, including Target, Kmart, Wal-Mart and the online giant Amazon. Target in St. George, located at 275 S. River Road, was the only retailer where the Cayla Doll was found on the store shelf. All retailers offered the Cayla Doll and the i-Que Robot for purchase online. Three watchdog organizations came together, including Electronic Privacy Information Center, or EPIC, Campaign for a Commercial Free Childhood and Center for Digital Democracy and Consumers Union. After discovering how the toys actually worked, they filed their complaint with the FTC.   How the toys work The doll and robot are both internet-connected toys that talk and interact with children by capturing and recording their communications and then analyzing the recordings to determine the words spoken. There are two components to the Cayla Doll, which is the physical doll that is accompanied by a mobile application. The doll contains a Bluetooth microphone and speaker, and the mobile application provides the data processing to facilitate the toy’s ability to capture the private communications of children. The application then requests permission to access the hardware, storage, microphone, Wi-Fi connections and Bluetooth on the doll, but fails to disclose the reason or significance of gaining that permission. The complaint outlines how the mobile phone app in the Cayla Doll asks children to provide personal information, like their name and their parents’ names, their favorite TV show, their favorite meal, where they go to school, their favorite toy and where they live. Children are even asked to pinpoint their exact location, or the location of their residence on a map. When children ask the toys a question, the words are recorded and converted to text so that answers can be retrieved from Google, Wikipedia and Weather Underground before those answers are relayed back to the toy that then answers the child.  The application that accompanies the robot has similar features, and also requests access to the device camera, even though it has nothing to do with the toy’s function. Furthermore, the request is not explained to the user, nor is it justified, the watchdog organizations’ allege in their complaint. My Friend Cayla Doll launched in 2014 within international markets as a talking companion that relies on an app and a Blue-Tooth connection to deliver realistic responses to children’s questions.  The i-Que Intelligent Robot launched one year later, with features and capabilities very similar to the doll. The doll made its debut in U.S. Markets in the summer of 2015. The doll and robot, however, act as recording devices that transmit voice prints of the children to Nuance Communications, a company incorporated in Delaware that specialized in speech recognition products whose clients include military, law enforcement and intelligence firms.  i-Que Intelligent Robot is sold in retailers and online and is made by Genesis Toys, the subject of a complaint filed with the FTC, Dec. 16, 2016 | Photo courtesy of i Que Robot Co., UK, St. George News The FTC filing comes in the wake of a previous breach in security when last year a vulnerability in the software that accompanies the Cayla Doll was discovered by security researcher, Ken Munro, who found that it was vulnerable to hackers, according to a Feb. 9, 2015, article in the Huffington Post by David Moye. A spokesman for the doll’s U.S. distributor told the Huffington Post in 2015 that the Cayla Doll is no longer vulnerable to the type of “unlocking” done by Munro, and said the company’s software engineers noticed the same vulnerability around the same time that it was reported in the press in 2015. “We immediately developed a patch, and upgraded the software,” Gabe Uribe of Genesis Toy told Huffington Post by email, according to Moye’s 2015 report. “In fact, we have shipped over 400,000 Caylas around the globe since its debut last summer, and have not had a single consumer complaint, regarding security issues or problems.” Until now. The complaint alleges that Nuance is saving recordings of those interactions with children for future use without providing adequate warning to parents, in violation of a 1998 federal law to protect the online privacy of minors. Nuance Communications. The recorded words, phrases and conversations are also uploaded to Nuance, a voice technology company. The consumer groups allege in the complaint that Nuance uses the recordings to improve the products it sells to military, government and law enforcement agencies. One particular product, ‘Nuance Identifier,’ helps security officials identify criminals by the sound of their voices after searching millions of recordings maintained by the company.  Richard Mack, Nuance’s vice president of corporate marketing and communications, said his company doesn’t sell or use the voice data it collects for marketing or advertising purposes, according to a statement released on December 6, 2016 by the company.   “Upon learning of the consumer advocacy groups’ concerns through media, we validated that we have adhered to our policy with respect to the voice data collected through the toys referred to in the complaint,” Mack wrote, and added, “Nuance does not share voice data collected from or on behalf of any of our customers with any of our other customers.” Nuance Communications specializes in voice technology, and maintains 60 million enrolled voice prints that can be matched from recorded conversations within minutes. The technology is marketed to private and public entities. Furthermore, those recordings can be stored and maintained indefinitely.   Neither Genesis Toys nor Nuance Communications could be reached for comment Friday, and the partners listed on Genesis’ website, which include Target, Toys R Us, Wal-Mart and Kmart, as well as the online giant Amazon, were also contacted for a statement. However, the only response received as of Friday came from Lee Henderson, corporate communications spokesperson for Target, via email, which said.   ‘Thanks for reaching out to Target. I would defer you back to Genesis Toy Company for comment on your inquiry.’  Email: cblowers@stgnews.com Twitter: @STGnews Copyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2016, all rights reserved. Related Stories Legislation introduced to restrict fed's search of computers, phones 1 Hatch speaks out on privacy for electronic communications, data stored abroad 9 Industry leader in cyber security enriches online master’s program; registration underway Security Summit marks 1 year of collaborative war on identity theft tax fraud Bipartisan, bicameral group introduces bill protecting online privacy Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Cody Blowers was raised in South San Francisco, California. A 2013 graduate of Colorado Technical University, Cody earned her bachelor’s degree in criminal justice with a minor in paralegal studies. Through the course of her academic studies she discovered that writing is her true passion, and she is committed to providing credible, integrated news coverage. Cody joined St. George News in 2015, and when she’s not busy chasing the news, she can generally be found chasing her young granddaughter, Kali. Posted in Local, NewsTagged cedar city, Federal Trade Commision, FTC, Genesis Toys, i-Que Robot, Kids toys, My Friend Cayla Doll, Nuance Communications, rights, surveillance, Toys spying on children 4 Comments Proud Rebel December 18, 2016 at 7:23 pm Log in to Reply Well just great. Maybe the book 1984 wasn’t so out of line after all. It just turns my stomach that our country has descended to this level. comments December 19, 2016 at 1:52 am Log in to Reply It’s gonna get a lot worse. My bet is within the next decade they will start implanting ID microchips and worse. Welcome to the security state. ladybugavenger December 19, 2016 at 12:06 pm Log in to Reply Welcome to the end of times….the Bible talks about it….and don’t take the mark of the beast. You will be killed for not taking it. It’s better to die with Jesus than go to hell with Satan. .... December 19, 2016 at 3:20 am Log in to Reply It’s not the country that had descended to this level. it’s your government that has descended to this level Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Business Financial Politics General Election 2016 Municipal Elections 2015 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Thanksgiving Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show A-List Film Fanatics Fitness Minute Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Money Christmas dinner Money Budget supermarkets crash price of festive veg to just 19p - and where to get free carrots this Christmas With the week-long countdown to Christmas upon us, two supermarkets have just gone head to head on fresh food  Share  Comments ByEmma Munbodh 13:04, 19 DEC 2016 Updated10:02, 20 DEC 2016 Money Have you started your fresh food shop? (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email As the last minute festive food shop gets underway, Asda has today dropped the cost of its seasonal veg to just 20p a pack - including sprouts, broccoli and parsnips at all 542 stores nationwide. But, while the supermarket may be top of the polls against the big four food giants, Germain discounters Aldi and Lidl are currently ranking top for festive bargains with carrots, parsnips and sprouts for just 19p each - making the budget food stores the cheapest places to get your groceries in this week. If you're shopping for carrots though - head to Morrisons. The supermarket will be handing out free 'wonky' carrots at all stores this week - that's a 41p saving on the retail price. Read More Bargain mad shopper blags her entire Asda Christmas dinner for FREE - thanks to this clever trick An Aldi spokesperson said: “Aldi’s ‘Super 6’ is a fortnightly offer on six fruit and vegetable products that are each available at a single unbeatably low price. “We have chosen these particular products to ensure our customers can get all the fresh vegetables they need for their Christmas dinner at prices that offer a significant discount to our more expensive competitors." Walmart-owned Asda, which kicked off the festive price war, has dropped prices by up to 57% in stores, pledging to save shoppers £2.2 million on food, with 10.5m tonnes of vegetables set to be sold between now and Christmas. The supermarket has also vowed to "have more stock" in stores over Christmas - with particular focus on its 'Extra Special' brand after a £22.5 million investment, competing against Aldi’s award-winning 'Specially Selected' range which reported profits above £600 million this year. Read More "I cut my Christmas supermarket bill in HALF" reveals mum of four - and you can too Andrew Moore, Chief Merchandising Officer said: "Sprouts will sit proudly on every plate next Sunday and when they cost 49% less than last year, you’re more likely to love them than hate them – especially when they are served next to our delicious Butcher’s Selection turkey crown that is just £6.75per kilo. "This is a major price investment into our best ever 2016 Christmas range. It also shows how seriously we take our commitment to bringing market-leading, quality food at famously low prices to our customers," he added. Read More How to cook a Christmas Turkey: Roasting times, recipes, tips and how to's for Christmas dinner In a cross comparison across the big four supermarkets, Asda came out on top with a 500g bag of sprouts on offer at 39p from Tesco, 40p from Sainsbury’s and 50p at Morrisons. Lidl and Asda are the cheapest stores to buy parsnips this Christmas (Photo: Nadia and Mark) For a 500g bag of parsnips, you’ll again pay 39p at Tesco, 40p at Sainsbury’s and 50p at Morrisons. And, if you've no access to a Morrisons store to get your free pack of carrots, head to your local Lidl (19p) or Asda (20p) - a 1kg bag of carrots costs 39p at Tesco 40p at Sainsbury’s. Read More Christmas on a budget Make your own pudding Find luxury cheeses and seafood for less Make your own cranberry gin Cheap decoration ideas Easy homemade Christmas gifts £1 gift ideas Best bargain booze How to do Christmas when you're broke Jessica Lawson, Head of Morrisons carrot plant in Yorkshire, said: “We want to make it easy for our customers to enjoy this magical tradition and highlight that wonky carrots are just as tasty as perfect-looking carrots, they are often cheaper, and there are plenty more available to buy." Morrisons supermarkets across the UK will be giving away 200,000 wonky carrots in an effort to feed Rudolph on Christmas Eve and families on Christmas Day UK discount website MyVoucherCodes has compared the cost of all your Christmas table staples - from spuds to stuffing - to reveal the true cost of shopping around this Christmas. Factoring in the cost of a medium Turkey, all the trimmings and a few miscellaneous items for the when the sweet tooth kicks in, the investigation found out where you need to go to feed your family for just under £22 for the entire family. Discover where to shop all your ingredients here . Meanwhile, in its annual Christmas shopping basket cost survey, Good Housekeeping tracked the price of 11 Christmas dinner essentials across 10 supermarkets to reveal the cheapest store for those without the luxury of shopping around. The results showed Aldi offered the biggest bargains for buying all your shopping in one place, with Christmas dinner for eight costing just £22.03. Aldi’s basket was 11% cheaper than last year’s winner, Iceland, which this year falls to third place (£24.81), behind Lidl in second place (£24.57). Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextU.S. spy chief "even more resolute" on Russia cyb Watch this video again Watch Next Yassar Yaqub's parents speak out after son's death3:22 Jedward get a frosty reception as they enter the 0:45 Danny Dyer channels Amy Winehouse on Lip Sync Bat0:38 Ray J breaks down in tears in the Diary Room afte0:40 "Stacey's so annoying" Stacey Francis slammed as 0:46 Kim Kardashian West feared she would be shot dead0:30 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Sainsbury's meanwhile, came in at £35.40, followed by Waitrose at £40.02 and Marks & Sparks at £49.40 for a table of eight. poll loading How much will you be spending on Christmas food? 0+ VOTES SO FAR 0-£10 £10-30 £30-50 £50-100 Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Money Newsletter Follow @MirrorMoney Subscribe to our Money newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Andrew Moore Asda North Pole Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Christmas dinner Christmas shopping Supermarkets Money all Most Read Most Recent New five pound noteCollectors are paying hundreds for new £5 note - but which ones are worth the most? As the new banknotes to come into circulation some with certain serial numbers are attracting sky-high prices Save moneySecrets of how to make the biggest savings revealed - and timing is everything The best time to book a holiday, do your weekly shop, buy a car and get your train tickets has been revealed eBayThis rare feature could make your £5 note worth £20,000 - how to check if you've got one A handful of limited edition notes stamped with a Jane Austen print have been released into circulation - and it's worth A LOT New pound coinWhat will happen to supermarket trolleys and vending machines when the new £1 coin is introduced? From October we won't be able to use old pound coins at all - this is how it will affect machines New YearTwo thirds of working families are 'just about managing' financially - here's what you can do about it One in five working households have less than £100 a month to spare after they've paid essential bills and one in three rely on their overdraft to get through - but you don't have to stand for a life in the red Black FridayThe secrets of bagging yourself the ultimate bargain whether there's a sale on or not You don't need a sale to get a great deal - much like not everything in the sales is a good deal - this is how to make sure you're getting all the money off you can Save moneySecrets of how to make the biggest savings revealed - and timing is everything The best time to book a holiday, do your weekly shop, buy a car and get your train tickets has been revealed EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £31 million jackpot on Friday, January 6 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... Legoland Windsor ResortLegoland 2017 deals: Get 26% off, kids go free plus how to find cheap tickets From flash 24 hour sales to 4 day holidays, stay tuned here for all the latest Legoland gossip Credit cardsBest 0% balance transfer cards If you're looking to move money to a 0% balance transfer credit card, these are the best options for lowest fees, longest 0% period and bad credit Most Read Most Recent CrimeFort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: what we know so far The shooter, who killed five people in the airport baggage claim, has been named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, from New Jersey but who had lived in Alaska CrimeHorrific footage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera shootingFlorida airport shooting: Five dead and eight others injured after gunman opens fire in baggage claim Suspect Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, 26, allegedly shot at least 13 people at Florida's Fort Lauderdale Airport, killing five George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea latest from the January window Follow our live blog throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours from the Premier League and beyond PoliceLawyers for family of man shot dead by police on M62 'demand answers' in controversial Facebook posts Solicitors for the family of Mohammed Yassar Yaqub questioned whether he was killed in a 'pre-planned operation' or 'assassination' Donald TrumpVladimir Putin 'directed cyber hacking campaign to help Donald Trump win US presidential election' US intelligence agencies concluded Russia sought to help Trump by discrediting rival Hillary Clinton Prince HarryPrince Harry whisks girlfriend Meghan Markle away on first holiday together to see the Northern Lights The besotted royal, 32, flew American actress Meghan to the edge of the Arctic Circle where they watched the magnificent Aurora Borealis US ElectionBritish spies alerted America to Russia's cyber attack on US election GCHQ had prevented a breach of every Whitehall server in 2015, including the Home Office, Foreign Office and Ministry of Defence PerishersPerishers - th January 2017 Perishers originally ran from 1959 to 2006. The strip is still so popular today that we decided to reprint the best of the strips by Maurice Dodd and Dennis Collins Top Stories Tom JonesThe Voice star Tom Jones claims winner was too FAT to find chart success - and faces calls to be sacked Leanne Mitchell won the hit series back in 2012 and Sir Tom has said the size 14 singer lacked the drive to slim down George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz quizzed by cops for second time for five hours over tragic singer's final hours Fadi said police had been "amazing"  after two plain-clothed officers questioned him and took his statement George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death SnowBritain colder than Arctic Circle as snow forecast for next week Thermometers will start to rise across the country tomorrow with highs of around 10C (50F) in the south and 8C further north John F. KennedyWas Lee Harvey Oswald's killer Jack Ruby injected with cancer to stop him revealing who really shot JFK? This week marks the 50th anniversary of the death of Jack Ruby, who shot dead Oswald and carried his story to the grave CrimeFootage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera Court caseMan beat wife's head five times with lump hammer but 'didn't have the strength to finish her off' The prosecution claims Paul Bond, 62, turned the lights off and closed the curtains after the beating as he could not face the reality of what he did Carrie FisherFinal farewell for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds as family and friends say goodbye at private service Relatives and close friends of the stars gathered together to pay their respects AnimalsWoman left starving dogs to die in pain surrounded by faeces in "horrendous" case of animal neglect WARNING: Distressing content. Andrea Davies, 23, has been banned for life from keeping animals over her treatment of male crossbreed dogs Koda and Hachi HorsesTear-jerking moment heartbroken horse breaks down and cries at his owner's funeral The creature, Sereno, appears to be mourning the loss of his owner, who died in a motorcyle accident Mick PhilpottBody language experts reveal how they knew child-killer Mick Philpott was lying about his guilt "Shameless Mick" betrayed telltale signs of deceit as he broke down at a press appeal over the Derby blaze, according to professors who studied footage EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £31 million jackpot on Friday, January 6 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Las Vegas Sun January 6, 2017 Currently: 43° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Football Newsletter signup 0 Comments 5-MINUTE EXPERT: Here’s to many happy gift returns this holiday season By Sun Staff (contact) Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016 | 2 a.m. Americans are anticipated to spend more than $655 billion this holiday shopping season. But almost a third of merchandise is expected to be returned. Odds are, most of us will give or get at least one dud in our stocking. So where you shop and those retailers’ return policies matter. And they differ widely. Some stores offer stellar return and exchange policies that allow items to be brought back at any time, even used or years later, with or without a receipt. Other retailers limit returns to only a handful of days or weeks, require proof of purchase and dock refunds with restocking fees. Apple Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Only items that have been purchased directly from Apple can be returned. Items must be repackaged with all the cords, adapters and documents originally included. Apple also charges a 10 percent restocking fee on open items. Barnes & Noble Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Refunds are issued in the original form of payment. Best Buy Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: The store will deduct from your refund if you don’t have all of the original packaging or accessories. Items purchased in November and December can be returned through Jan. 15. Kmart Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Beds and furniture must be returned within seven days. Items purchased from Nov. 1-Dec. 24 can be returned through Jan. 31. Customers making a return with a gift receipt receive only store credit. Sears Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: 15 percent restocking fee for some items, deducted from the refund. Will not accept returns of Christmas season items after Dec. 25. Items purchased Nov. 1-Dec. 24 can be returned through Jan. 31. Game Stop Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Pre-owned items can be returned for a refund within seven days or for an identical exchange within 30 days. Wal-Mart Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Pre-paid phones, computers and electronics must be returned within 15 days. Extended holiday returns offered for items purchased Nov. 1-Dec. 24. Items with a 15-day return must be returned by Jan. 10; items with a 30-day return by Jan. 25. Home Depot Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Store credit given for items returned after 90 days, regardless of payment type. Items purchased with certain Home Depot credit cards and accounts can be returned for up to one year. Target Receipt needed? Unclear. Target states that “returns and exchanges without a receipt may be limited.” Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Target house-brand (Archer Farms, Circo, Cherokee, C9 by Champion, Durabuilt, Liz Lange, Mossimo, Xhilaration) items can be returned for up to a year. REI Receipt needed? Yes Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Items can be used, but damage from normal wear and tear, improper use or accidents are not covered. Manufacturing defects are. An REI membership links purchases to a shopper, so orders can be looked up and returned without a receipt. Zappos Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Shipping is free. You can print shipping labels from the Zappos website, or the company will email or snail mail them to you. * Zappos’ return policy allows shoppers to order several items, try them on, then ship back any that don’t work. JCPenney Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Furniture and appliances must be returned within 30 days. Fine jewelry and electronics must be returned within 60 days. JCPenney charges a $75 restocking fee for recliners, dining chairs and ottomans; a $125 restocking fee for furniture and mattresses; and a 15 percent restocking fee for appliances. Costco Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Electronics must be returned within 90 days. Costco requires a membership to shop and accepts returns only at stores, not by mail. Employees arrange pickup for large or heavy items. Macy's Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? Yes Exceptions and things to know: Items returned with a gift receipt are eligible only for store credit. Bed, Bath & Beyond Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Baby and maternity items, such as breast pumps and infant clothing, require tags and original packaging. Bed, Bath & Beyond accepts returns in store and by mail, and even covers the cost of return shipping. Kohl's Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Premium electronics must be returned within 30 days. The holiday return policy allows premium electronics bought Nov. 1-Dec. 25 to be returned by Jan. 31 with original packaging and a receipt or account look-up. Nordstrom's Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No. Special occasion dresses must have original tags. Exceptions and things to know: Nordstrom has no official return policy. It “handle(s) returns on a case-by-case basis with the ultimate objective of satisfying the customer,” according to the Nordstrom website. Bath & Body Works Receipt needed? No Tags or original packaging needed? No Exceptions and things to know: Items can be returned even if used. If a customer without a receipt wants to exchange an item for a similar product, Bath & Body Works will return the unwanted item for the lowest price on the register, then price override the desired item to match the lowest selling price of the item returned. * The store promotes a “no sale is ever final” policy. 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Power outage finally over at the Rio, officials say T-Mobile says unlimited plans will be only option December condo sales shine in Las Vegas housing market At CES, security experts warn of lurking threats from smart devices Police seek 2 suspects in North Las Vegas armed robbery Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Featured Galleries Uber and Maverick for CES CES 2017 Opening Day UNLV falls to Boise State More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 6 Fri 7 Sat 8 Sun 9 Mon 10 Tue Skate Photography Workshop Leica Store Las Vegas at The Forum Shops, Caesars Palace, 3570 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV | 2 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. First Friday at Obsidian Fine Art The Arts Factory | 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. Star Wars Group Art Show The Bubblegum Gallery at Downtown Spaces, 1800 S. Industrial Road #207D, Las Vegas, NV 89102 | 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. All events on Friday » CES 2017 Las Vegas Convention Center Alesso XS Chuckie Intrigue All events on Saturday » Gritty Girls Weekend Lorenzi Park & GRACEDBYGRIT store at Tivoli Village, 3350 S. Rampart Blvd. #170 Cameo Westgate Las Vegas & Casino Last Supper at DB Brasserie db Brasserie at Venetian, 3355 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV | 5 p.m. to 11 p.m. All events on Sunday » Promotional Products Association International - PPAI Expo 2017 Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon All events on Monday » Party at the Park The Park, 3784 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV 89109 Nickel Beer Night The Beauty Bar Zumba Fitness Windmill Library All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition January 6, 2017 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Once plentiful, few Christmas tree farms remain in Alabama - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 40° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Houston County Voter Purge List Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Once plentiful, few Christmas tree farms remain in Alabama Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Monday, December 19, 2016 7:23 am Once plentiful, few Christmas tree farms remain in Alabama Associated Press | WETUMPKA, Ala. (AP) — When Frank Wadsworth was given 2,000 Virginia pine trees in 1976, he had no idea what that gift would grow into. At the time, the Christmas tree industry was booming, Wadsworth said. There were dozens of Christmas tree farms across the state, and Auburn University was even hosting seminars on Christmas tree pruning. "At the time everybody in the state was getting into the tree business. Elmore County had probably 15 people planting them and Lee County had maybe 30 or 40 growers. Each county all over the state was similar to that," Wadsworth said on his farm Saturday, 40 years after planting his first trees and a week before Christmas Eve. Wadsworth Christmas Tree Farm in Wetumpka is now one of the last bastions of the hallowed Christmas tradition of choosing a tree to cut down before taking it home. Now left as the only Christmas tree farm in Elmore County — and one of only 11 statewide — Wadsworth takes pride in offering what he sees as a true Christmas experience. "You can go to Lowe's or Walmart to get those pre-cut northern trees, but they come up here and we got a bonfire, a wagon ride for families and kids driving through the fields and hot chocolate," Wadsworth said. "People make a tradition out of coming up here, and it means more to them than going to the box store or pulling the artificial tree out of the attic." Walking the 12-acre Wetumpka farm has become tradition for Pike Road resident Steve Dozier since he began visiting Wadsworth three years ago. This past week, Dozier's wife Tricia moved down from New York and he naturally had to introduce her to the tradition. "This is her first time. It's my third," Dozier said. "I like walking around and looking at the trees and I love the outdoors. It's a chance to get outside and do something a little different for Christmas. It's kind of become a tradition for us, and I know the kids love running around looking at all the trees, taking the fresh air, the smell of pine." Tricia said she visited a similar farm in New York. "It's a little different in New York. There's a lot of snow to trudge through," Tricia said with a laugh. "A little bit more pleasant experience. You don't have to be all bundled up and wearing boots and stuff like that." Forty years ago, Wadsworth did not know anything about selling Christmas trees much less growing them. Growing trees? How hard could it be? "I thought you just came back three or four years later after planting them, maybe drive by and look at them," Wadsworth said. "Four years later I decided it was time to sell them, and you couldn't even walk through the field. It had never been bush-hogged or mowed, trees hadn't been pruned." Wadsworth has learned a lot. His farm now boasts five kinds of Christmas tree: Leyland cypress, Murray cypress, Arizona cypress, Eastern red cedar, and Virginia pine. He even orders Frasier firs and black hill spruce trees, trees that he orders from Michigan (they don't grow in the South) and keeps in water unlike many tree lots or stores. With his trees taking about five years to grow into optimal size, Wadsworth's farm is a lot like a fine whiskey distillery. And it's aged well. Besides the wagon rides, bonfire and hot cocoa, Wadsworth hosts several field trips of from local schools every year. He also provides a tree for the Elmore County Courthouse and the Governor's Mansion in Montgomery each holiday season. His farm is also a reflection of how he used to find his tree as a child. "When I was a kid I'd go to my grandmother's land out in Macon County," Wadsworth said. "We'd always go down there and cut a real tree. The only year we ever had an artificial tree is when we moved to Auburn, and that first year my folks bought this silver tree, the foil tree. That was the thing. I told my folks, 'I don't know about that.' The next year I was old enough to drive so I drove back and found my little cedar tree." Wadsworth's farm has also grown into a family operation with his wife Lucie and his kids Jacob, Josh and Carrie helping craft wreaths, trim stumps, prune, plant and mow the land that's now ornamented like the trees he sells. Wadsworth never thought Christmas would be such an integral part of his life. Forty years after planting the first trees, his holiday tradition is still growing. ___ Information from: Montgomery Advertiser, http://www.montgomeryadvertiser.com © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq ARTICLE: Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq ARTICLE: Zfpabr Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq More about Trees ARTICLE: Boulder plans to remove 121 trees infested by ash borer ARTICLE: Seeking justice for Toomer's Oaks Study documents tree species' decline due to climate warming Study documents tree species' decline due to climate warming ARTICLE: Study documents tree species' decline due to climate warming More about Conifers Study documents tree species' decline due to climate warming Study documents tree species' decline due to climate warming ARTICLE: Study documents tree species' decline due to climate warming ARTICLE: Foresters fight southern pine beetle on Long Island Trump rally tree to be used for cat scratching, bird feeding Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Monday, December 19, 2016 7:23 am. | Tags: General News, Trees, Conifers, Agriculture, Holidays, Occasions, Lifestyle, Plants, Business | Location Tags: Alabama, Montgomery, Virginia, Auburn, New York, United States, North America Similar Stories Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq Boulder plans to remove 121 trees infested by ash borer Woman charged with abusing mother at pipeline protest camp Authorities: Victims appear to be part of murder-suicide BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Most Read Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Rehobeth tornado victims took refuge in bathroom when storm struck Tornado confirmed in Rehobeth Videos Editor's Picks Names of four killed by tornado in Rehobeth released Four people were killed by a storm that tore through southern Houston County Monday night. Weekend rain causes road damage, closings in Wiregrass The rain Saturday and Sunday put a dent in the drought affecting most of the Deep South but caused problems for low-lying areas a… Tight-knit Crimson Tide heads back to national championship game A broken leg prevented Eddie Jackson from playing, but he was doing plenty of celebrating with his teammates after Alabama defeat… Top Wiregrass stories of 2016 While the presidential election dominated headlines throughout much of 2016, other local stories received significant attention i… Eagle Eye Outfitters branches into online sales, sees quick success When Eagle Eye Outfitters started its first ecommerce website just before November, owner Susan Anderson was told it would take h… In Case You Missed It < KEN ROGERS COLUMN: Visit to Dothan by Arnold Palmer in 1987 remembered Every fan of golf probably has an Arnold Palmer story to share. article local Wiregrass Transit Authority carrying out its mission The findings in the fixed route transit feasibility study completed in 2010 came as no surprise to John Sorrell. article local Wiregrass accounts for $133.7 million in new and expanding projects in 2015 Jim Stuckey said he and his business partner, Chuck Harris, started Wholesale Wood Products in 1979 with a part-time secretary, one truck driver and a article business Four Dothan teams win ARPA state soccer titles Minutes after Dothan won the 15U division of the Alabama Recreation and Parks Association state soccer tournament on Sunday at the Westgate Complex, h article recreation Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Shawnee Mission Post - Neighborhood news and events for northeast Johnson County About Obits Events Sports Advertise Columns: Your Home Spaces for Life Your Health Mortgage 101 NEJC Chamber Estate Planning KC Facebook Twitter RSS Email Mission Gateway developer returns to city with phased construction proposal that would begin apartment work in early spring Posted by Kevin Collison  · December 19, 2016 8:00 am · Comments Tweet A new timetable for the Mission Gateway project calls for the first phase to be apartments above retail at Johnson and Roeland Drives. The developer of the long-stalled Mission Gateway project and city officials have negotiated a tentative agreement that, if all approvals occur, would begin construction of apartments and retail along Johnson Drive by March 31. The new memorandum of understanding (MOU) between Tom Valenti of the Cameron Group and the city is expected to be considered Wednesday by the Mission City Council. It lays out a phased timetable for building the $162 million development that’s been languishing for a decade. FROM OUR SPONSORS: “We are trying to find a way to kickstart this and get construction started as soon as possible,” Valenti said. “This is how we can start where we can take the risk and have construction going on so people feel confident this project is happening.” An MOU is a non-binding agreement that serves a a blueprint for final, detailed negotiations. For its part, Mission officials say they will consider incentives, including tax increment financing and a community improvement district. No dollar amounts are included in the memorandum. “The MOU is not commonly used, but the developer views it as an important step to clearly communicate their assertion that certain development incentives are necessary to make it financially feasible to construct the project,” according to a staff report to the Council. “The MOU states that the developer intends to request consideration of various development incentives in connection with the project, and that the city agrees to consider the same in good faith.” The Mission Gateway project remains a mixed-use development in the memorandum. The work however, is broken down into three phases with final completion anticipated by spring 2019. Here are the phases and timetable: -Phase 1. Construction of approximately 50,642 square-feet of “small shop” commercial and restaurant uses beneath 168 apartments along the Johnson Drive/Roeland Drive corridor. Phase 1 work would begin by March 31 and completed by April 30, 2018. -Phase 2. Construction of a 1,700-space, three-level garage to serve the entire project and a 200-room Aloft and Element hotel with a 15,624 square-foot restaurant. Phase 2 and Phase 3 would begin in the fall of 2017 and would be completed by spring 2019. -Phase 3. Construction of approximately 110,000 square feet of “junior-anchor/’big box'” commercial and retail space. The retail would be located where a Walmart originally had been planned at Johnson Drive and Roe Avenue. Walmart dropped out of the project in early October. In addition, the MOU calls for office construction at the Mission Gateway development should market demand arise. As for the public financing assistance, the memorandum proposes the city approve 20-year tax-increment financing plans for the project. It would allow the developer to be reimbursed the new or incremental property taxes, sales taxes and hotel guest taxes generated. Valenti said the initial apartment and retail construction could be started without TIF. It also calls for a Community Improvement District that would allow the developer to levy a one-cent additional sales tax over 22 years. Those revenues would be used to help pay for the project. The developer also is asking for a sales tax exemption on construction materials for each phase of the project. The MOU calls for the revenues from the incentives to be received on a “pay-as-you-go” basis as they are generated to repay eligible development costs. It also says the city may be asked to consider issuing a special obligation bond that would be repaid by the incentive revenues. The city would not be asked to back those bonds with its credit. “It’s a way to go forward without the city taking risk, but we’re looking for a moral commitment from the city that the project can’t happen without TIF and CID bonds,” Valenti said. The developer said the proposed MOU would allow him to move forward with the first phase of the project to demonstrate both to Mission residents and potential tenants it’s a real deal. He said he’s made good progress with one potential large retail tenant for the later phase, but much work still needs to be done. The franchise fee already has been paid for the Aloft and Element hotel. “The goal of this project is to at least try to get our money back, if we don’t make a little money,” Valenti said. “We have no opportunity to make money unless we do the hotel and the mid-size retail. “We’re motivated financially. We’re in a worse hole if only phase one gets done.” FROM OUR SPONSORS: Comment Categories : Mission, Mission Gateway Previous Post Next Post Comments Comments Related Mission moves to formally adopt nonpartisan designation for city elections Mission approves new expenditure limits for public financing funds for Mission Crossing, Cornerstone Commons Mission approves short-term plan to outsource building inspection functions Local Business Updates Local Businesses & Organizations Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Zip Code * Tweets by shawmissionpost Follow @shawmissionpost Archives Archives Select Month January 2017  (27) December 2016  (135) November 2016  (149) October 2016  (167) September 2016  (177) August 2016  (170) July 2016  (141) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (174) April 2016  (173) March 2016  (183) February 2016  (168) January 2016  (148) December 2015  (150) November 2015  (141) October 2015  (161) September 2015  (156) August 2015  (131) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (141) May 2015  (131) April 2015  (148) March 2015  (146) February 2015  (140) January 2015  (142) December 2014  (147) November 2014  (137) October 2014  (168) September 2014  (144) August 2014  (144) July 2014  (151) June 2014  (143) May 2014  (158) April 2014  (149) March 2014  (122) February 2014  (112) January 2014  (115) December 2013  (98) November 2013  (103) October 2013  (114) September 2013  (126) August 2013  (133) July 2013  (113) June 2013  (111) May 2013  (131) April 2013  (115) March 2013  (115) February 2013  (112) January 2013  (112) December 2012  (86) November 2012  (108) October 2012  (117) September 2012  (108) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (84) June 2012  (81) May 2012  (80) April 2012  (69) March 2012  (78) February 2012  (73) January 2012  (79) December 2011  (81) November 2011  (83) October 2011  (84) September 2011  (79) August 2011  (78) July 2011  (71) June 2011  (75) May 2011  (74) April 2011  (73) March 2011  (86) February 2011  (75) January 2011  (69) December 2010  (92) November 2010  (85) October 2010  (78) September 2010  (55) August 2010  (42) July 2010  (59) June 2010  (30) Shawnee Mission Post Home About Events Local Business Directory Advertise on the Shawnee Mission Post CONTACT US Commenting Policy – Privacy Policy © 2016 Post Publishing, Inc. Want to share news with us? Call 913-626-6273 or email [email protected] . All rights reserved. No photos published on this site may be used without the explicit written permission of Post Publishing, Inc. × Dream. Explore. Discover. Enroll in JCCC classes today.
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews VIDEO: Sheriff Timothy K. Cameron Held an “All Hands Holiday Patrol Operation” December 19, 2016 Sheriff Timothy K. Cameron Held an “All Hands Holiday Patrol Operation” on Friday, December 16, 2016, between the hours of 2:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. The Holiday Patrol operation commenced with a public “Roll Call” in the Walmart Parking Lot in California, where the Command Post was stationed throughout the evening. Southern Maryland News was there and spoke with Captain Daniel Alioto, Commander, Vice/Narcotics Division, Captain Steven Hall, Commander, Special Operations Division and Sheriff Timothy Cameron. The “Live Facebook” video from the roll call can be seen below. As part of the Holiday Patrol Operation, Sheriff Cameron has instituted a “Maximum Deployment” initiative in which approximately thirty to thirty-five additional deputies, typically not assigned to the uniformed division will participate. These include Command Staff and personnel from the Administrative Division, Criminal Investigations Division, Vice/Narcotics, Warrant Unit, K-9 Unit, and the Southern Maryland Information Center. This additional deployment will focus on enhanced traffic enforcement, theft detection and prevention, robbery decoy operations, warrant service operations, Vice/Narcotics overt and covert drug detection, and neighborhood saturation patrols. Sheriff Cameron explained, “The purpose of these operations is to increase public safety by creating a high-visibility police presence in our residential and business communities. We anticipate that our presence and direct action will deter those who might engage in crimes such as theft, assaults, and burglaries to motor vehicles.” Putting training skills into practice, Sheriff Cameron has also added a mental health component to the deployments. Deputies who have undergone extensive Crisis Intervention Team training will be teamed with Behavioral Health Liaisons to patrol areas where data shows an increase in mental health crises. The deputies will be available to use their training to de-escalate the situation and provide the individual with a warm hand-off to the Behavioral Health Liaisons. “We are using all available resources and data to strategically deploy our personnel as part of our ongoing efforts to provide a safe holiday experience for the members of our community,” Sheriff Cameron said. Photo courtesy of the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office.   This entry was posted on December 19, 2016 at 12:00 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Law Enforcement, More News, St. Mary's News, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 9 Responses to VIDEO: Sheriff Timothy K. Cameron Held an “All Hands Holiday Patrol Operation” AliceW on December 17, 2016 at 8:33 am The “high-visibility” I wasn’t to see is the vehicle Christmas lights flashing and the ticket writing. Include using improved shoulder as passing and right turn lanes. The three digit tickets need to be used as a teaching platform. Also include blocking intersections, lane changing in turns, running red lights, the blocking of St Andrews at the Wa Wa exit as everyone wants to go north on 235 and to lazy to go around the block. Hand out fixit tickets for all the non working turn signals and window tint. Plus get all the burned out lights and unsafe vehicles off the road. Don’t forget the $50 tickets for no current insurance card or registration! Then put a few in jail for using corner gas stations for stop light bypass roads. Make my day and beat the three pulled over getting tickets in a quarter mile clown driver show. Tre on December 17, 2016 at 9:54 am Wow! So many white cops….. Joe Rogan on December 18, 2016 at 2:03 pm If you don’t like it, why don’t you apply Tre? Tre on December 19, 2016 at 8:46 am Not the least bit interested in being the police. Just want to see more brothers and sisters in that uniform. Is that too hard for you to understand? annon on December 19, 2016 at 9:31 am then have your brothers and sistas apply. Maybe they aren’t interested either! Sweety B on December 20, 2016 at 9:59 am ANNON, If your brothers and sisters want a job as a police officer, I suggest you have them apply at PG County Police. They seem to hire a lot of criminals! Willie on December 19, 2016 at 12:36 pm Maybe the “brothers and sisters” don’t want the job either. Moron. Anonymous on December 20, 2016 at 4:03 pm Hillbilly mindset? Why because he disagrees with you? Why are white people the only ones that are allowed to be racists? Idiot. Anonymous on December 20, 2016 at 4:05 pm Then who are you to say anything? If they don’t apply how do you expect them to get hired. Your clown in chief wants better trained officers out there yet wants the standards lowered so minorities with criminal records can get hired. How’s that for an oxymoron? Southern Maryland Weather 30° overcast clouds humidity: 42% wind: 7mph N H 30 • L 28 23° Sat 23° Sun 33° Mon 41° Tue 52° Wed extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives January 2017 (55) December 2016 (242) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (276) July 2016 (241) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (300) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (265) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
skip to main content WOSU Radio Site Menu Donate Menu WOSU Public Media Home About WOSU Radio Curious Cbus Staff Careers at WOSU Editorial Integrity Diversity Poilcy Reports to the Public Shop Contact Us 89.7 NPR News News Home 89.7 NPR News Schedule Business & Economy Crime Education Environment Politics Sports NPR News Classical 101 Classical Music Blog Classical 101 Schedule Classical 101 Playlist Live at Classical 101 Classical Podcasts Programs All Radio Programs All Sides with Ann Fisher Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered After The Score Bluegrass Ramble RSS and Podcast Feeds TV Program Schedule Watch Online Watch PBS Kids Broad & High Columbus Neighborhoods Columbus on the Record In The Know Songs at the Center Classroom For Students For Educators American Graduate Support Donate Online Leadership Giving Program Support Bequests & Estate Giving Program Support Vehicle Donation Search Menu WOSU Public Media Home About WOSU Radio Curious Cbus Staff Careers at WOSU Editorial Integrity Diversity Poilcy Reports to the Public Shop Contact Us 89.7 NPR News News Home 89.7 NPR News Schedule Business & Economy Crime Education Environment Politics Sports NPR News Classical 101 Classical Music Blog Classical 101 Schedule Classical 101 Playlist Live at Classical 101 Classical Podcasts Programs All Radio Programs All Sides with Ann Fisher Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered After The Score Bluegrass Ramble RSS and Podcast Feeds TV Program Schedule Watch Online Watch PBS Kids Broad & High Columbus Neighborhoods Columbus on the Record In The Know Songs at the Center Classroom For Students For Educators American Graduate Support Donate Online Leadership Giving Program Support Bequests & Estate Giving Program Support Vehicle Donation Search Listen Live 89.7 NPR News Classical 101 Looking For Bargains, Many Americans Buy Medicines Abroad By editor • Dec 17, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Some 8 percent of Americans have bought prescription drugs outside the U.S., a recent poll finds. GARO / Canopy/Getty Images Originally published on December 19, 2016 4:39 pm As drug prices have spiraled upward, tens of millions of generally law-abiding Americans have committed an illegal act in response: They have bought prescriptions medicines outside the U.S. and imported them. Take Debra Miller, of Collinston, La., who traveled to Mexico four times a year for 10 years to get diabetes and blood pressure medicine. She quit in 2011 after the border patrol caught her returning to the U.S. with a three-month supply that had cost her $40. The former truck driver drew a warning not to do it again, but she got to keep her pills. "I didn't know what I did wrong," said Miller, 51, who now pays $120 a month at Wal-Mart for her five medicines while she waits to join Medicaid. It's no secret that some Americans regularly buy prescription drugs on the Internet or while traveling abroad. But the popularity of the approach is underscored by the results of a Kaiser Family Foundation poll conducted in November. (Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the foundation.) Eight percent of respondents said they or someone in their household had imported a drug at some point, a figure that would translate to about 19 million adults in the U.S. based on current Census population estimates. Even the proportion found in the poll may be low, says Andrew Zullo, a clinical pharmacist and a doctoral student at the Brown University School of Public Health who has researched the subject. "People are uncomfortable talking about the cost of their own health care, and they don't want to admit they are struggling to pay for their own meds," he said. Some may also be reluctant to reveal they've broken the law. Still, 8 percent is far higher than in surveys conducted by government interviewers, which suggested the number was about 2 percent in 2011 — though the government survey focused only on purchases in the previous 12 months. The Kaiser poll queried a nationally representative sample of 1,202 adults. The Internet has made it easier for Americans to buy prescription drugs abroad, frequently from disreputable sources, according to Jaime Ruiz, a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection. The Food and Drug Administration has cautioned that many online pharmacies aren't what they seem to be. An international crackdown in 2014 found that many packages of medicines purportedly from Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the U.K. contained drugs from other countries, including India, China and Laos. Zullo acknowledged that imported medications could be inferior or expired. Some could be counterfeits. But many medicines purchased from another country are the same as the ones patients buy in the U.S. When purchased outside the country, many prescription medicines cost half or less than they do in the U.S. According to the FDA's website, it is generally illegal for Americans to import drugs into the U.S. for personal use. The law isn't rigorously enforced, in part, because it is difficult to monitor the entry of medicine in suitcases and small packages. But in 2015 the FDA implemented a rule that would give government border inspectors expanded authority to destroy drugs imported for personal use at their point of entry. In the poll, people who had imported medicines ranged from college students in their 20s to retirees in their 80s. They bought medications to treat chronic conditions — such as high blood pressure and thyroid problems — as well as acute problems such as sinus infections and acne. Amanda Mazumder, a 27-year-old graphic designer in St. Paul, Minn., was stressed out by the murky legality of the situation when she tried buying birth control pills while in college five years ago. "That was the most difficult part, trying to be an honest citizen but also getting an affordable prescription," she said. She couldn't afford to pay $150 a month for her birth control, but found an online Canadian pharmacy that sold her a three-month supply for $60. Bobby Grant, of Los Angeles, has relied on foreign pharmacies for seven years to get medicine for his partner's severe asthma. Grant, 38, travels internationally for his job producing live shows. Each time he's in Mexico or France, he buys 10-packs of inhalers and 20-packs of nebulizer solution for a fraction of what they would cost in the U.S. His partner's asthma would require inhalers costing $300 a month if she purchased them here. Grant estimates he saves at least $2,500 a year by buying the drugs overseas. "I love her to death," he said. "I'll do whatever I can to take her stress away." Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. Copyright 2016 Kaiser Health News. To see more, visit Kaiser Health News. Tags:  Prescription Drugs Health TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Ohio Pharmacy Board Releases First Draft Of Medical Marijuana Dispensary Fees, Rules By Andy Chow • Dec 16, 2016 File photo The ball is rolling in Ohio to create the state’s medical marijuana program as a first draft of rules for who can sell medical pot has been released. Drugs And Insurance Top Ohioans List Of Health Concerns By M.L. Schultze • Dec 16, 2016 INTERACT FOR HEALTH A new survey of Ohioan’s health concerns shows drug use tops the list followed closely by health insurance. We Unravel The Science Mysteries Of Asparagus Pee By editor • Dec 14, 2016 As Ben Franklin noted, some of you have "the Power of changing, by slight means, the smell of another discharge ... our water. A few stems of asparagus eaten, shall give our urine a disagreeable odour." Apparently this is so common a power that the 18th century French botanist Louis Lémery wrote that asparagus causes "a filthy and disagreeable smell in the urine, as everybody knows." Everybody except me, anyway. Columbus City Council Raises Tobacco Purchase Age To 21 By WOSU News Staff • Dec 13, 2016 Flickr.com Columbus City Council increased the legal age to purchase tobacco products to 21-year-old on Monday night. City leaders hope the new measure will lead to a healthier population. WOSU Public Media | 2400 Olentangy River Road | Columbus, OH 43210 | 614.292.9678 | A service of The Ohio State University © 2017 WOSU Radio Support WOSU WOSU TV Schedule 89.7 NPR News Schedule Classical 101 Schedule Contact Us
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   DINING GUIDE   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other January 6, 2017 Obituary: Brandon Ross The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 08:54 AM, Monday, December 19 2016 | 814 views | 0  | 10   |  |  DANVILLE — Brandon Kyle Ross, age 22, Russellville, passed away Thursday, Dec.15, 2016. Brandon was born March 19, 1994, in Danville to Richard Dewayne Ross Jr. and Carla Faye Chappell. He was a 2012 graduate of Western Yell County School. He worked for Wal-Mart in Russellville. His survivors include his mother and step-father, Carla and Randy Woodward of Havana; father and step-mother, Rick and Stephanie Ross of Magazine; brother, Johnathon Ross of Russellville; sister, Kylie Ross of Havana; nephew, Jaxson Kyle David Wagner of Havana; grandmothers, Faye Chappell of Havana, Billie Jean Richardson of Booneville, Zelma Fudge of Booneville; step-siblings, Hannah Woodward of Fort Smith; Adam Woodward of Dallas; Rebekah Haynes of Dallas Ethan Akin of Greenwood, and Eli Akin of Magazine. Memorial service will be 7 p.m. on Wednesday, Dec. 21, 2016, at Wilson Freewill Baptist Church in Belleville. Arrangements by Cornwell Funeral Home, Danville. Online guestbook and condolences at www.cornwellfuneralhomes.com. Paid obituary Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
Breaking News World+ AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram JUST WATCHED 2016: The moments that shocked us Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) 2016: The moments that shocked us Police: 'Mass casualty situation' at Orlando nightclub Cubs win World Series The Brexit saga in 2 minutes Report: Police officers shot during protest Omran: The boy who has known nothing but war Cincinnati Zoo stands by decision to kill gorilla Video shows chaos in Nice, France Terror attack at Istanbul airport North Korea says its bomb can be put on a rocket Police: Three officers feared dead in Baton Rouge Alton Sterling shot and killed by police in Baton Rouge Dylan: First songwriter to win literature Nobel Prize Police: Ryan Lochte lied about Rio gas station robbery NFL's Kaepernick sits in protest during national anthem 2016 in review: The revenge of the forgotten By Clarissa Ward, CNN Updated 10:28 AM ET, Mon December 19, 2016 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. (CNN)Never has there been a more humbling year for a reporter. This was a year when predictions were shattered, polls discredited, facts eschewed and rationality dismissed. "Populism" spread like wildfire across the West, thumbing its nose at elites seen by so many voters as complacent and self-serving. The liberal international order built after 1945, triumphant when the Berlin Wall came down, suddenly looked very vulnerable as free trade came under attack, the "ever closer" European Union began to shred and an authoritarian Russia reasserted itself. Of course the seeds were sown long before 2016: the consequences of globalization, mass migration, growing resentment about inequality, diminishing trust in political institutions -- their effects turbo-charged by social media and fake news. We just never imagined them bearing such bitter fruit so suddenly. A man carrying a pro-Brexit placard shouts at pro-Europe campaigners in a March for Europe demonstration in London. The day before the Britain's vote on its membership of the European Union -- the first of 2016's profound shocks -- I was sitting across from a Texan on a Eurostar train from Brussels to London. He owned a small, successful business and was traveling around Europe with his family. But he was more excited about witnessing Brexit playing out than visiting Buckingham Palace. Read More "I really hope Britain gets its independence back," he began. He spoke in soaring terms about sovereignty, freedom from the shackles of political correctness and globalization, which was why he said he would support Trump for President. "I don't really like Trump that much," he admitted. But he was tired of having to apologize for being a white American, tired of his kids' universities teaching them their country was evil, and tired of being told his beliefs were narrow-minded and offensive. READ MORE: Photo that captures 2016's political tsunamis Little faith in politicians It was a refrain I would hear again and again, "I don't really like Donald Trump but..." followed by a laundry list of grievances. In places like Thomaston, Georgia, Trump's call found a ready audience. Until the 1990s, about 4,000 people earned a wage in its textile mills. Then the work went overseas, to Guatemala and Bangladesh, and good paying jobs became hard to find. Most of the redbrick mills in this town of 10,000 people are silent now, shrouded in weeds. Donald Trump greets supporters during a rally in Harrington, Delaware. He promised voters jobs, and railed against NAFTA. Mayor John 'JD' Stallings grew up in the town, and remembers fondly when the stores on Main Street would advance credit on the promise of the next paycheck. Now there aren't many stores on Main Street; people go to the big Walmart on the edge of town to save bucks (and buy cheap, foreign-produced goods). And there are fewer pay checks. For a generation, Thomaston has voted Republican, but Stallings said this election was different. Trump mobilized people because he promised jobs and rejected deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which he said had "destroyed our country as we know it." In Thomaston, that message resonated. US Vice-President Joe Biden has spoken of people who felt "left behind," who were unable to assure their children that things would be OK and who had little faith in politicians to fix them. While the rich were better-off than ever and lived longer, these people did not. Between 2001 and 2014, the life expectancy of the richest 5% of Americans increased by roughly three years. For the poorest 5%, there was no increase. That mood, on both sides of the Atlantic, was fed by a sense that governments were "not looking after their own." The establishment -- it seemed to a wide swathe of voters -- was in league with big banks and foreign governments, infatuated by political correctness. It fussed over gay marriage and transgender bathrooms ("Not much of an issue here," as Mayor Stallings dismissed it) and bent over backwards to accommodate refugees. READ MORE: Wake up! Trump isn't a real populist Anti-factual ideology A woman walks past posters for the far-right CasaPound party, urging a "No" vote in Italy's referendum. This anger was neither "right" nor "left" but "anti." It was mobilized and exploited by outlier politicians like Trump, Nigel Farage of UKIP in England and Beppe Grillo, the leader of the anti-establishment Five Star Movement in Italy. Dubbed as populists, they used unusually blunt language, set out complex issues in simple terms and sided with the underdog. "I love the poorly educated," exclaimed Trump. His margin of victory among whites without a college degree was the largest of any candidate since 1980. Welcoming Trump's victory, Grillo said he had "sent an F-U to everyone: Freemasons, big banking groups, the Chinese." The sense of indignant fury, which has fueled this movement has often been challenging to cover as a reporter. It is not an ideology that can be challenged with facts or tempered with reason. It is emphatically anti-factual, anti-intellectual, anti-science. But it has held up to the light an inherent weakness of liberalism, which is open, encourages dissent and runs the risk of being usurped by a less tolerant and inclusive "-ism." So does the "establishment" have to adapt by stealing at least some of the clothes of this movement? It's a question many European leaders are asking themselves. "When voters move in another direction," Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told the Financial Times last week, "it means the mainstream parties have to be more successful in showing we can solve these problems." Rutte faces that challenge in elections next March, with the xenophobic and anti-EU Freedom Party leading the polls. Rutte's government has introduced new rules insisting refugees have a "personal responsibility to integrate, to learn the language and find work." In Germany, Angela Merkel has just demanded a ban on the full-face veil or burqa "wherever legally possible" ahead of a general election in 2017. She too faces an insurgent right-wing party, the Alternative for Germany. French far-right politician Marine Le Pen is expected to go head-to-head with Francois Fillon in the country's presidential election. And in France, Francois Fillon has cast himself as the "retro" candidate, celebrating the "values" of provincial middle-class Catholic citizens and complaining that the history books in schools "do not reflect what it is to be French." Polls suggest Fillon will go head-to-head with the leader of the National Front, Marine Le Pen, in next year's Presidential election: the right against the far-right. READ MORE: Trump, Brexit and populism 'not all the same' 'Democracy' a dirty word And then there is Russia or more accurately Vladimir Putin. In 2011, when the Syrian uprising began, no-one I met in Syria talked much about Russia. People wanted to know if President Obama would help them or Angela Merkel would support a no-fly zone? They discussed concepts like democracy and self-determination into the early hours of the morning. Traveling through rebel-held Aleppo in the spring of this year, I found President Obama and the US were rarely spoken about, except with a cluck of bitter disappointment and derision. Democracy was now a dirty word. And Europe? Not even a mention. But I was asked constantly about Putin, as Russian jets pounded the region in support of the Assad regime. What was his goal in Syria? Who was secretly backing the Russians? The people I met could not fathom why he had a free hand to bomb their country. Russia's involvement in the Syrian civil war has tipped the scales in favor of the Assad regime. The Obama doctrine, sometimes dubbed "leading from behind," for its reliance on regional partners and its cautious approach to the use of American force, was the polar opposite of Putin's ruthless opportunism. Europe said much but did little, Putin the reverse. And he has found admirers among those challenging conventional wisdom in Europe and the US. In a few weeks, the Russian leader will have a US counterpart apparently at ease with his worldview. "Leading from behind" may become "Let them get on with it." And polls show that would be just fine with about 60% of Americans. In Merkel's words: "We are faced with a world, especially after the US election, that needs to reorder itself, with regard to NATO and the relationship with Russia." But while President Putin is mortal, forces like globalization, automation, artificial intelligence and the explosive expansion of social media are here to stay. Merkel and President Obama declared that "the future is already happening and there will not be a return to a world before globalization." READ MORE: Populism in Europe -- a visual guide Course correction or radical shift? Just don't expect everyone to go quietly. A Pew Research Center poll this year found that half of Americans believe global economic engagement is "a bad thing" because it lowers wages. Trump framed "Make America Great Again" in terms that rejected globalization. Donald Trump reacts to a question by one of his supporters during a campaign rally in Cincinnati, Ohio. The town of Thomaston is a case in point. It has begun to win back some jobs -- in printing, with a bio-refinery and with the resurrection of two of its textile mills. The work, for those who have it, pays well. But it's highly automated: the machines making towels for JW Marriott Hotels are controlled by computers. Average incomes have fallen there this century -- from $18,193 per capita in 2000 to $13,925 in 2013. From time immemorial, financial markets have been prone to bubbles. They expand fast, bringing a burst of prosperity and optimism. When that becomes irrational exuberance they are prone to burst. Anxiety and retreat follow - it's the markets' cyclical way of correcting themselves when the sums don't add up. Maybe our democracies are mimicking the markets -- the rich were getting too rich, technology too complex, elites too smug. A "course correction" was overdue. But maybe something more profound -- challenging the very essence of the liberal order -- is afoot. READ MORE: Liberals need to grow a spine in 2017 Perhaps 2017 will offer the first clues on how open societies that stand for tolerance, free trade and diversity can reinvent themselves. Or maybe it will herald the beginning of a more chauvinistic era, one in which the American example as the "indispensable nation" will continue to fray, while the raw exercise of power pays off. We are not the first generation to be on the cusp of such change. Traveling through England in 1835, as the country grappled with industrialization and the clamor for representation, the French philosopher Alexis de Tocqueville wrote that "to live in freedom one must grow used to a life full of agitation, change and danger." CNN's Tim Lister contributed to this report. Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Search for: Advertiser Community News Main menu Skip to content Home NEWS FROM… SEYMOUR BLACK CREEK/NICHOLS SHIOCTON SPORTS CLASSIFIEDS SPECIAL SECTIONS ANNOUNCEMENTS OPINION OBITUARIES Sub menu ACN INFO Contact Us Subscribe to ACN Place Classified Ad MEDIA KIT 2016 ACN Rate Card ACN Galleries ACN Travels Readers’ galleries Community Organizations Churches MUNICIPAL LINKS Black Creek Village Library Black Creek Youth Sports City of Seymour Muehl Public Library Outagamie County Seymour Schools Shiocton Schools Town of Black Creek Village of Black Creek Village of Nichols Village of Shiocton Wisconsin State UPCOMING EVENTS 7:00 PM – 9:00 PM, Aug 22 – Seymour City Council 5:00 PM – 7:00 PM, Aug 25 – Thunder swim 5:00 PM – 8:00 PM, Aug 25 – Thunder swim SEYMOUR by seymour • 19 December 2016 • Comments Off on Seymour FFA officers, left to right, Sam Leisgang, Mariah Stedl, Anna Froehlich, Morgan Seitz, Brianna Karweick, Aylsssa Seitz and Adam Lemke went to Walmart in Green Bay on December 7 to shop for two families that are part of the Salvation Army. Seymour FFA’s Alumni graciously donated the money that allowed us to get Christmas gifts for the children and even clothes for the parents. We had a lot of fun picking out the gifts, bonding with each other and doing something good for our community. We continued our good deed by dropping off the gifts at the Salvation Army house. – Submitted photo Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → Search Search for: NOAA Weather Green Bay, Austin Straubel International Airport, WI Last Updated on Jan 6 2017, 6:53 pm CST Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 1°F Wind: West at 8mph Humidity: 65% Windchill: -13°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance BUSINESS LISTINGS ADVERTISER COMMUNITY NEWS AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY APPLE VALLEY NURSERY BAYLAKE BANK BEYOND HORIZONS REALTY LLC CITY OF SEYMOUR COMMUNITY CARE RESOURCES COMMUNITY FIRST CREDIT UNION COONEN'S QUICK STOP – SHELL DOERSCH GARAGE DOOR SALES & SERVICE DON'S QUALITY MARKET FREEDOM FOODS GENERAL DENTISTRY OF SEYMOUR GOOD SHEPHERD SERVICES GUSTMAN'S OF SEYMOUR JEZESKI ACCOUNTING JJ'S AUTO CLINIC MC MULLIGAN'S PUB MENARDS MUEHL BOETTCHER FUNERAL HOME ONE CHOICE WIRELESS ONEIDA OCIFS OUTAGAMIE COUNTY FAIR ASSOC. PERFORMANCE PALLET CORP. PRIMARY CARE ASSOCIATES OF APPLETON, LTD PULASKI VETERINARY CLINIC PULASKI WAREHOUSE SALS FOODS SEYMOUR COMMUNITY SCHOOLS SEYMOUR LUMBER SEYMOUR MACHINE TIMBER CREEK TREE SERVICE, LLC TRUYMAN HAASE ZAHN INSURANCE VAN EPEREN SALES Sign In Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 Advertiser Community News. All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic created by c.bavota.
2017.1.7 토 로그인 회원가입 페이스북 트위터 인스타그램 구글+ 기사제보 독자투고 광고신청 구독신청 기사검색 + 울산 양산 김기현 전체 뉴스Now 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 독자 기고 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 울산의 창 기타 정치 종합 지방의회 국회/정당 행정/외교 북한/통일 청와대 선거 기타 경제 기업 경제단체 금융/증권 유통 건설/부동산 해운/항만 농축수산업 중소기업 기타 사회 노동 환경/생태 교육 자치단체 검찰/법조 사건/사고 사회단체 기타 문화 공연 전시 축제/행사 향토문화사 문화재 문학/출판 종교 음악에세이 영남알프스 속살이야기 울산 방송가 연재 기타 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속 풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 사람과삶 사람과삶 외신 연예 방송 연예가 영화 음악 기타 스포츠 축구 야구 농구 골프 울산체육 기타 지방 부산 양산 기타 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 기타 생활정보 날씨 행사 경제지표 오늘운세 로또 건강생활Q&A 경매 생활법률 회화-중국어 회화-영어 고용/노동 Q&A 증권 정보과학 기타 열린마당 본사알림 알림 부음 결혼 인사 모집 독자권익위원회 청소년기자 뉴스 뉴스NOW 정치 경제 사회 문화 사람과삶 외신 연예 스포츠 지방 ‘정신없는’ 조현병 환자, 위험할까 약자일까 경찰 ‘응급입원제도’ 도입 불구 환자 폭력엔 속수무책 개혁보수신당 창당발기인대회…강길부 임시의장 진행 ‘깨끗하고 따뜻한 보수’ 취지문 채택 민노총 ‘전국택배연대노조’ 8일 출범 화물연대 내 분회 이미 존재…조직간 갈등 비화 조짐 사업비 360억 누락… “KTX역세권 등과 맞물려 조속 추진을” 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 독자기고 울산의창 [경제칼럼] 선택적(選擇的) 지각(知覺)을 금(禁)하라 [사는이야기 칼럼] 4차 산업 혁명과 인성교육 [반구대 칼럼] ‘판도라’ [사는이야기 칼럼] 4차 산업 혁명과 인성교육 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 드론 시연 관람하는 정의선 현대차 부회장 정의선 현대차 부회장, CES 첫날 40개 전시장 돌며 '열공' 조원태 대한항공 사장 'CES 2017' 삼성전자 전시관 방문한 샤킬 오닐 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 역사·문화·산업·생태 총망라…요우커, 울산으로 눈 돌린다 ‘해오름시대 문화유산 탐방’ 14. 울산 울주 대곡천 반구대암각화·천전리각석 인류 최초의 고래잡이 흔적… 7,000년 전 울산 선사인들의 생활 터전 [2017 신년특집] 울산의 하늘 길을 지켜라 도심 ‘복합문화공간’으로 탈바꿈해야…새로운 도약 [2017 신년특집] 울산관광, 골목에서 이야기를 찾다 1. 울산의 중심, 추억이 된 찬란한 과거의 영광 - 중구 원도심 영상 신문보기 상단여백 뉴스NOW PREV NEXT 아이 셋 유기 20대母 징역 1년6개월…"천륜 어긴 중범죄 엄벌"새누리 '친박청산' 회의 무산에 '靑 배후설' 논란 헌재, 경찰에 '잠적' 이재만·안봉근 소재파악 요청부산 日영사관 소녀상 주변 현수막 4개 훼손…경찰 수사 정유라 "한국 안가겠다"…송환 거부 법정투쟁 '작심'특검, 박근혜·이재용 거래단서 포착…삼성수뇌부 소환 초읽기 '해넘긴 임단협 설 전 타결'…현대重 노사, 공감했지만 '글쎄'헬멧, 비상배낭에 '상상지진'까지…식지않는 지진 공포 천일 동안 켜켜이 새긴 눈물…진실 인양 날갯짓"박근혜 들러리 선 靑 기자단, 국민 앞에 사죄해야" 국민의당, PK서 당권레이스 개막…"위기의 黨 구하겠다" 득표전속속 드러나는 정유라의 '거짓말 시리즈' "특검 개애식기!" 법원공무원, 촛불집회엔 "종북" 비난'가습기살균제 책임' 신현우 1심 징역 7년…존 리 무죄 울산시, 작년 세무조사로 101억3천만원 추징천호식품 김영식 회장 사퇴…가짜홍삼 유통 물의 책임 태국 태氏, 대마도 윤氏…외국인 새 가문 한해 7천개 탄생 영남권: 바다에 풍덩∼ 북극곰 수영축제…버킷 챌린지 "좋아요" 우체국쇼핑, 팔도특산물 최대 30% 할인'삼성합병 찬성' 국민연금, 원래 반대할 뻔…복지부 '왜곡' 열기/닫기 닫기 뉴스NOW 아이 셋 유기 20대母 징역 1년6개월…"천륜 어긴 중범죄 엄벌" 방금 새누리 '친박청산' 회의 무산에 '靑 배후설' 논란 방금 헌재, 경찰에 '잠적' 이재만·안봉근 소재파악 요청 32분 전 부산 日영사관 소녀상 주변 현수막 4개 훼손…경찰 수사 1시간 전 정유라 "한국 안가겠다"…송환 거부 법정투쟁 '작심' 1시간 전 특검, 박근혜·이재용 거래단서 포착…삼성수뇌부 소환 초읽기 1시간 전 '해넘긴 임단협 설 전 타결'…현대重 노사, 공감했지만 '글쎄' 1시간 전 헬멧, 비상배낭에 '상상지진'까지…식지않는 지진 공포 1시간 전 천일 동안 켜켜이 새긴 눈물…진실 인양 날갯짓 1시간 전 "박근혜 들러리 선 靑 기자단, 국민 앞에 사죄해야" 17시간 전 국민의당, PK서 당권레이스 개막…"위기의 黨 구하겠다" 득표전 18시간 전 속속 드러나는 정유라의 '거짓말 시리즈' 21시간 전 "특검 개애식기!" 법원공무원, 촛불집회엔 "종북" 비난 21시간 전 '가습기살균제 책임' 신현우 1심 징역 7년…존 리 무죄 21시간 전 울산시, 작년 세무조사로 101억3천만원 추징 22시간 전 천호식품 김영식 회장 사퇴…가짜홍삼 유통 물의 책임 22시간 전 태국 태氏, 대마도 윤氏…외국인 새 가문 한해 7천개 탄생 22시간 전 영남권: 바다에 풍덩∼ 북극곰 수영축제…버킷 챌린지 "좋아요" 22시간 전 우체국쇼핑, 팔도특산물 최대 30% 할인 22시간 전 '삼성합병 찬성' 국민연금, 원래 반대할 뻔…복지부 '왜곡' 23시간 전 상단여백 다음 이전 Home 외신 [Video] Deadly run-ins, replica guns 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 메일 프린트 HOME 외신 [Video] Deadly run-ins, replica guns Online 워싱턴포스트 승인 2016.12.20 00:22 댓글 0 인쇄하기 메일보내기 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 블로그 구글+ On a warm September evening in Columbus, Ohio, panicked witnesses called police to report that a group of boys had robbed a man at gunpoint and fled into a maze of alleys and fences on the city's east side. In the fading light, Officer Bryan Mason cornered two of the boys in an alley, where, according to police, 13-year-old Tyre King pulled a gun from his waistband. Mason fired three rounds, striking the teen in the head, chest and torso. The black gun police recovered at the scene looked like their own department-issued, polymer-framed Smith & Wesson Military and Police semiautomatic pistol. It even had a laser sight. But police would soon learn that King's weapon was a BB gun - a facsimile of the gun Mason used to shoot and kill the teen. At a news conference the next day, Columbus Police Chief Kim Jacobs waved a stock photograph of the BB gun. "Our officers carry a gun that looks practically identical to this weapon," she said. ". . . It looks like a firearm that could kill you." Police across the country say that they are increasingly facing off against people with ultra-real-looking pellet guns, toy weapons and non-functioning replicas. Such encounters have led police to shoot and kill at least 86 people over the past two years, according to a Washington Post database of fatal police shootings nationwide. So far this year, police have fatally shot 43 people wielding the guns. In 2015, police also killed 43. The Post analysis is the first accounting of fatal police shootings involving people armed with air guns, toys or replicas, a phenomenon last studied in depth more than 25 years ago, when Congress first sought to address the problem of police shootings involving toy guns. The 86 shooting deaths are among the nearly 2,000 people shot and killed by police since 2015, which The Post is tracking, something no government agency does. Police recovered a wide variety of the weapons in the fatal shootings, but almost all had one thing in common: They were highly realistic copies of firearms. Of those, 53 were pneumatic BB or pellet guns that fire small-caliber metal balls or pellets. An additional 16 were Airsoft guns, which use compressed air cartridges to fire plastic BBs. Thirteen were replicas, two were toys, one was a starter pistol and one was a lighter. Experts who study the domestic market for pellet and Airsoft guns said consumer demand for replica firearms has grown. "They are red hot," said Tom Gaylord, an industry consultant who runs a popular blog for the Ohio-based Pyramyd Air, one of the largest air gun retailers in the country. Pyramyd Air declined to comment. Police say it is virtually impossible to train officers to identify imitation firearms from any distance. Short of eliminating the guns, police have little choice but to assume the guns are lethal. Efforts to stop production of the guns or radically alter their appearance have mostly failed because of resistance from gunmakers and gun rights groups, such as the National Rifle Association. "We're talking about this 26 years later, and I'm not sure anything has really changed except that tragic occurrences continue to happen," said Chuck Wexler, who runs the Police Executive Research Forum, a policing policy think tank that studied the issue in 1990 for Congress. "A toy gun in a country with 300 million real guns is hard to distinguish." The role of imitation firearms in fatal police encounters reemerged as a national issue in 2014, when Cleveland police fatally shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who was playing with a BB gun in a park. Police were responding to a call about a man with a gun outside a local recreation center. The shooting was among a spate of controversial and deadly encounters with police that helped galvanize the Black Lives Matter movement. Of the 86 fatal shootings involving imitation firearms since 2015, the most common theme was mental illness: 38 of those killed had a history of it, according to their families and police reports. Fourteen of the calls were domestic disturbances. Ten others began as robberies. The remaining circumstances range from patrolling neighborhoods to serving arrest warrants to making traffic stops. Of the people killed, 50 were white men. The oldest person killed was Robert Patrick Quinn, 77, who was fatally shot in Pittston, Pennsylvania, as he rode his motorized scooter outside an apartment complex while waving a realistic-looking pellet gun. Half of the shootings happened at night. In almost every case, police said the victims failed to comply with an officer's orders. In 60 cases, police said they pointed guns at officers. Among the dead are Ernesto Flores, a mentally distraught 52-year-old man who after a standoff with police in April 2015 stepped out of a pink stucco home in Montclair, California, holding a BB gun. Police opened fire, killing Flores in front of his family. One of only five women killed by police was 17-year-old Shelly Haendiges, who was shot in Kokomo, Indiana, after police responded to a robbery call and found her pointing a pellet gun at a store clerk. Her family said she suffered from mental illness. Two of the most recent shootings happened in October in Elkton, Maryland, where police shot and killed Brandon Jones and Chelsea Porter, both 25 and of Dover, Delaware, after they pointed BB guns at police who were trying to arrest them. The BB gun recovered after police killed King, the Ohio teenager, was made by Umarex USA, one of the largest air gun and firearm manufacturers in the world and the self-proclaimed "king of replicas." Umarex makes air guns under the Beretta, Colt, Smith & Wesson, HK, Ruger and Browning brands. It sells BB guns that are copies of such firearms as the iconic Colt Peacemaker, which was first produced in the 1870s, and the Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine, a mainstay of specialized military and police units. The Umarex 40XP BB gun that King allegedly brandished sells for about $50 in stores, including Walmart. Gunmaker Sig Sauer makes air guns that are advertised as "carbon copies" of their most popular lethal firearms, including the P226 semiautomatic handgun. A commercial on the Sig Sauer website displayed the BB gun and the lethal P226 as reflections of each other in a mirror. Maurice Cardwell, Tyre King's father, wears a pin in remembrance of his son during an event on what would have been King's 14th birthday on Dec. 7. Photo by: Andrew Spear &#8212; For The Washington Post Umarex USA and Sig Sauer did not return repeated calls seeking comment. Gun rights groups, including Gun Owners of America, based in Virginia, have lobbied against laws that seek to alter air guns to make them distinguishable from firearms. Michael Hammond, a legal adviser to the pro-gun group, said the alterations never seem to be enough for those who dislike guns. "It all arises out of this general animus and media-fed fear of anything that has to do with guns," Hammond said. The NRA declined to comment. In Ohio, where King and Rice were killed, the state does not regulate BB guns and also allows firearms to be openly carried. The day after Rice's death, black legislators in Ohio tried to regulate the guns, introducing a law requiring all BB and pellet guns sold in the state to have special markings or be brightly colored. The bill died in committee. Two years later, police shot King. "Why is it that a 13-year-old would have nearly an exact replica of a police firearm on him in our neighborhoods, an eighth-grader involved in very, very dangerous conduct in one of our neighborhoods?" Columbus Mayor Andrew Ginther, D, said at a news conference after the shooting. -- In the 1980s, a string of police shootings of children prompted Congress to pass the first and only federal regulations on toy guns. In 1983, 5-year-old Patrick Andrew Mason was alone in his Stanton, California, home when an officer who was called to the unit to do a welfare check mistook the boy with his red toy gun for a burglar; the boy was fatally shot while his single mother was away at work, according to news reports. In 1988, officers in San Francisco responding to a report of shots fired mistook a plastic toy gun for a .22-caliber pistol and shot a 13-year-old mentally disabled boy in the head, killing him. Parents began to push manufacturers to make the guns appear less realistic. Retailers such as Toys "R" Us stopped carrying realistic toy guns, and toy manufacturers began adding an orange plug to toy guns. After several states restricted the use of imitation firearms, Congress in 1988 passed a law requiring the bright orange barrel plug on all toy guns. The law applied to water guns, many replicas and Airsoft guns that fire nonmetallic projectiles, but it exempted BB, pellet guns and replicas of antique firearms. The law also mandated two studies on whether the new orange tips would prevent shootings. In one study, FBI recruits were confronted by assailants carrying firearms or guns with orange tips. The recruits had two seconds to decide whether to shoot. When faced with unmarked replica pistols or guns with orange tips, officers shot 95 percent of the time. "It is clear from this study that the orange plug marking system does not help police officers distinguish between toy guns and real guns," concluded the 1989 report, which was managed by the National Institute of Justice. Clockwise from top left: Courtesy of the Cincinnati, Tewksbury, Mass., Beaverton, Ore., and Provo, Utah, police departments. Photo by: Various police departments — Courtesy The second study a year later reached the same conclusion, saying that police response when confronted with the guns was linked to environmental factors - such as what a police dispatcher tells an officer. Calls for service in a high-crime area, for example, might lead officers to consider "a worst case scenario," said the report, overseen by the Police Executive Research Forum. But it was the behavior of the person holding the toy gun that mattered most. "If they are told there's a person with a gun acting in a threatening manner, that's what they respond to," said David Carter, a professor at Michigan State University who spoke to officers in 27 law enforcement agencies for the 1990 study. Last year, Congress revisited the issue when Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., introduced a bill that would force the country to enact a law similar to California's, which requires the entire surface of all toy and BB guns be painted a bright color. "No child should ever die because a police officer or anyone else mistakes a toy gun for a real weapon," Boxer said in a news release at the time. The bill stalled in committee. Twelve states and the District and Puerto Rico have banned the guns or imposed restrictions on their use, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In the District, realistic-looking toy or air-powered guns cannot be possessed in public. In 2012, , Washington, D.C., police seized about 450 imitation guns, according to the most recent data available. Baltimore's City Council this month passed a similar ban, responding to an April shooting and wounding by police of a 14-year-old carrying a BB gun. In 2015, Boston outlawed imitation firearms in public. The law allows police to confiscate those guns, and they have seized 139 this year. Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said if a facsimile gun has been used in a crime, police will charge a suspect with possession of a real gun. "They are the exact same unless you have it in your hand and take it apart," Evans said. --- In March in Gainesville, Florida, Alachua County sheriff's officers were called to a parking lot where they encountered 16-year-old Robert Dentmond, who was armed with what appeared to be an AR-15 assault rifle. Dentmond was a high school sophomore who had lived in foster care, according to police reports. His mother went to prison and his father physically abused him, the records show. He was on probation for burglary. One bright spot for Dentmond was Cayla Todd, his girlfriend of one month. But on the night of March 20, Todd said they fought online and that she ended the relationship. Dentmond sent her a Facebook message, which investigators later found. "I'm finna have the police shoot me," Dentmond wrote. At 10:07 p.m., Dentmond called police and said that he was at the Majestic Oaks Apartments with an M-16. When deputies and officers from the Gainesville Police Department arrived, they saw the 6-foot tall Dentmond, dressed in gray pajama pants and a blue jacket, in the middle of a dimly lit parking lot holding a gun. Crouching behind dumpsters and parked cars, police ordered him to drop the gun, according to police. "Drop it now, or you will be shot!" officers yelled. After 24 minutes, Dentmond leveled what looked to officers like an assault-type rifle and began walking. Nine officers opened fire and didn't stop until the gun fell from his hand. He died at a hospital. After the shooting, police saw Dentmond's weapon had broken in two, according to a state report. When picking up the pieces, an officer noticed that their weight "did not feel right" and they seemed to be plastic. Officers did not learn until the next morning that Dentmond's gun was a toy, an Airsoft rifle with the orange tip removed. "Some of them broke down in tears," Alachua County Sheriff Sadie Darnell said. "It's not a high-five situation. It's a devastating career-long and lifelong impact." Grant McDougall, the psychotherapist who evaluated the deputies after the shooting, said they all wished that they could go back and change the outcome. "Every single one of them - some of them very graphically - grieved the loss, even if they would sit here and tell me they did the right thing," McDougall told The Post. A grand jury investigating the shooting cleared the officers and suggested that the state ban imitation firearms. "It is dangerous and unfair to all for law enforcement to confront a situation where to all appearances a real weapon is involved, only to be subjected to intense second-guessing after the fact when that turns out not to have been so," the jury said. Dentmond's family could not be reached for comment. Todd told The Post that police could have done more. "He was only 16 years old. He didn't need to die," she said. Three months later, it almost happened again. In June, Alachua County deputies got a call that two groups of young men were driving around with AK-47s. The department sent every available unit, and they quickly came upon a black Honda Civic and a black Toyota Camry. Men wearing werewolf masks were hanging out the cars' sunroofs waving what appeared to be Heckler & Koch MP5 machine guns, according to Darnell and records. Police disarmed the men. The guns were plastic toys, and the gunmen, university students were making a movie for a film contest. "This is what those of us in law enforcement are so concerned about," Darnell said. "You never know what's real or what's not, so part of the solution is to ban the sale of toy or replica guns." --- In Columbus, Ohio, Chief Kim Jacobs has spent the past few months explaining to outraged community members why one of her veteran police officers fatally shot a 13-year-old carrying a BB gun. She wants people to understand how a mix of panicked reports of armed mayhem and a real-looking gun can turn deadly. Complicating the matter is that the officer, Bryan Mason, had been involved in three shootings since 2009, one of them fatal. In 2012, Mason shot and killed a man who was pointing a firearm at another person. In all cases, Mason's use of force was ruled justified by the department. Jacobs said Mason would not be allowed to comment until the conclusion of the investigation. Jacobs said the shooting has taken its toll on everyone, including Mason. "You go to work and you do your job, and then all of the sudden you're under criminal investigation," Jacobs said. King's family has no sympathy for Mason. "Ain't nobody held accountable," said his father, Maurice Cardwell. "There's no wrongdoing over there it seems. And you're killing kids?" Sept. 14 started out like most days for Tyre King. His parents described him as an astute child who worked selling candy, cutting grass and trimming hedges. After King returned from school that day, he finished his homework and left his house. At 7:42 p.m. witnesses called 911 to report a robbery. The callers said a gunman wearing a hoodie and baggy pants fled the scene. The robbery victim came on the line and told dispatchers, "I'm not going to mess with it over $10." Another witness said seven or eight armed men were running away with police chasing them. "Oh, he's shooting them. Oh my God," a caller said, apparently describing police shooting King. Chanda Brown, an attorney for the family, said they had serious doubts that King was involved in the robbery and that he did not own a BB gun. Police have not disclosed the source of the gun. Brown said that she believes King was shot running away, not pulling a gun. The only person charged in the robbery is Demetrius Braxton, 19. His attorney, Lodema M'Poco, told The Post last week that Braxton admits he used the gun to commit the robbery while King and others waited nearby. M'Poco said Braxton then passed the gun to King, who put the weapon in his pants. Braxton said that after police ordered him and King to the ground, King ran and Mason shot him. M'Poco said Braxton did not see King pull the BB gun from his pants. Braxton pleaded guilty last month to felony robbery charges. In court he described the episode as a "lapse in judgment. As the oldest, I should have been the one to tell everybody, 'Let's not do this,' " the Columbus Dispatch reported. Brown, the King family's attorney, said police failed to train officers how to deal with children with BB guns. "Anyone that takes the blame and puts it on a 13-year-old instead of an officer that's been trained - or should be trained - in how to evaluate and respond to situations like this, I think they're missing the bigger picture here," Brown said. "Shooting should be the last resort." For Jacobs and other officers, they seldom have the benefit of weighing all the evidence and making a decision. "People don't really understand the dynamics of a police-involved situation, how fast they occur," Jacobs said. "They all have families, they want to go home at the end of their shift." --- Lee Powell, Teaganne Finn, Josephine Peterson and Taylor Hartz contributed to this report. This article was produced in partnership with the Investigative Reporting Workshop at American University, where Courtney, Houston, Finn, Peterson and Hartz are students. The Washington Post <저작권자 © 울산매일, 무단 전재 및 재배포 금지>  저작권 문의 워싱턴포스트 다른기사 보기 페이스북 이메일 기사 수정 :   2016-12-20 00:22   김동균 기자 웹출판 :   2016-12-20 00:22   관리자 입력.편집 :   2016-12-20 00:19   김동균 기자 icon오늘의 인기기사 오늘의 운세 1월 7일 (음력 12월 10일 甲午) 기아차 신형 '올 뉴 모닝' BMW코리아 '뉴 5시리즈' 예약 접수 "특검 개애식기!" 법원공무원 내부 글 논란 속속 드러나는 정유라의 '거짓말 시리즈' 기아차 신형 '올 뉴 모닝' 댓글 (200자평) 0개 전체보기 200자까지 쓰실 수 있습니다. 등록 ※ 비속어와 인신공격성 글 등은 바로 삭제됩니다. 특히, 근거 없는 글로 타인의 명예를 훼손하면 민·형사상 처벌을 받을 수 있습니다. [댓글(200자평)운영규칙 보기] 첫번째 댓글을 남겨주세요. 여백 여백 여백 회원사 한국신문협회 한국기자협회 한국사진기자협회 한국ABC 제휴사 중앙일보 워싱턴포스트 블룸버그 중국 長春日報 노컷뉴스 회사소개 광고안내 불편신고 제휴안내 개인정보취급방침 이메일무단수집거부 청소년보호정책 청탁금지법 현황 (44740) 울산광역시 남구 수암로 4 (템포빌딩 9층)  |   대표전화 : 052-243-1001  |   발행/편집인 : 이연희  |  청소년보호책임자 : 김동균 Copyright © 2017 울산매일. All rights reserved. 온라인 컨텐츠 및 뉴스저작권 문의 webmaster@iusm.co.kr RSS 서비스 Back to Top
just-style home News & insights News Labour groups question Alliance progress claims By Michelle Russell | 19 December 2016 Font size Email Print A number of labour rights group have questioned the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety over the progress it claims it has made in remediating the country's garment industry in response to accusations its efforts have been overstated and it is concealing its lack of action.  Last month, the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety moved to defend its position after a report produced by the International Labor Rights Forum, Worker Rights Consortium, Clean Clothes Campaign and Maquila Solidarity Network, claimed there are "considerable" delays in repairing safety defects in factories supplying Alliance member companies. It also pointed to a number of brands, including Gap Inc and Walmart, for failing to fulfil their commitment to make supplier garment factories safe.  Bangladesh Alliance defends position over remediation claims The investigation, which involved 175 factories covered by both the Accord and Alliance, revealed the Accord inspection report detailed more than half as still not having appropriate fire exits, an approved fire alarm system or as having major structural problems. On the Alliance website meanwhile, the report stated that many of the researched factories are listed as "on track" in remediating safety hazards. In response to the claims, The Honorable Ellen O'Kane Tauscher, independent chair of the board of the Alliance had said several areas of the report "misrepresents and oversimplifies the complexities" of the Alliance and the Accord's efforts to improve worker safety in Bangladesh. However, in a letter to Alliance country director Jim Moriarty last week, the groups said they remained "concerned" over the statements made, responding directly to a number of the claims. Despite the Alliance stating that "not a single factory still in the Alliance supply chain lacks viable fire exits", the groups pointed out that 62% of the factories lack viable fire exits, with deficiencies including stairwells discharging inside buildings, rather than leading outside to safety, and stairwells lacking fire-rated doors. Additionally, in its response to the report, the Alliance had said "the complexity of the remediation process in some cases means that sustainable fixes to factory safety take longer than initially anticipated".  The groups, however, say: "During the first year after the Alliance's establishment, this would have been an understandable argument for short delays on the installation of sprinklers and fire-rated doors. Now that it has been three and a half years since the establishment of the Alliance, and the deadlines for completing installation passed in many cases over two years ago, this argument is no longer credible." The groups also point to the Alliance's claim that it has suspended 101 factories - "a considerably higher number" than the Accord. They highlight the Alliance's lack of transparency, adding: "[This] is not evidence the Alliance is genuinely committed to building safety. It proves only that the Alliance member brands, for reasons that are not shared with the public, decided to cease doing business with those facilities and cited safety concerns as the reason." The labour groups urge the Alliance to stop making "false and misleading" statements about safety progress at its member corporations' factories, to "move far more aggressively and urgently" to ensure completion of renovations, and to follow through on its commitment to publish, starting in January 2017. A spokesperson for the Alliance said the group stood by its previous comments on the report, that several areas of the report "misrepresents and oversimplifies the complexities" of the Alliance and the Accord's efforts to improve worker safety in Bangladesh.  Tweet Bangladesh disability network to boost inclusion PREVIOUS Top 20 news stories on just-style in 2016... NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Manufacturing, Social & environmental responsibility Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights State of Sourcing 2017 survey – Supply chain shift Central America eyes export surge under Trump The return of the MFA – a harbinger of the future? State of Sourcing 2017 – just-style survey results State of Sourcing 2017 survey – Confidence & costs News Trump trade team starting to take shape Eight factors set to shape European retail in 2017 Amazon eyes apparel growth with new workout line Cotton prices may slip in second half of season Eco-friendly yarn dye process cuts waste and water Market research Global apparel markets: product developments and innovations, October 2016 Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective Anti-odour clothing: fresh fashion for an active lifestyle Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 Footwear Top 5 Emerging Markets Industry Guide_2016 Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Primark Gap Inc Nike Inc VF Corporation Inditex SA Adidas Group Zara Wal-Mart Stores Inc PVH Corporation Tesco Plc Under Armour Inc JC Penney Company Inc Burberry Group Plc Lectra Victoria's Secret C&A Target Corporation Levi Strauss & Co All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Missing Oak Park Heights man, 77, found dead of… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Fleck’s ‘Row the boat’ Fleck news conference Colored ice spheres Claeys offers rebuttal P.J. Fleck’s career Sears closing stores Hudson man found dead Megadeth co-founder’s coffee News Missing Oak Park Heights man, 77, found dead of apparent exposure Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Richard Chin | rchin@pioneerpress.com PUBLISHED: December 19, 2016 at 9:27 am | UPDATED: December 19, 2016 at 4:21 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Expect Western Michigan recruits to follow P.J. Fleck to Minnesota Gophers player explains boycott — and that sex assault ‘never crossed our minds’ ‘Row the Boat’ honors new Gophers football coach P.J. Fleck’s lost child Soucheray: Gophers football meltdown makes U look ridiculous, again VIDEO: New Minnesota Gophers football coach P.J. Fleck news conference Minnesota nursing home worker raped Alzheimer’s patient, charges say A 77-year-old man who apparently walked out of a senior living facility Sunday night in Oak Park Heights was found dead outside early Monday morning. Thomas LeCloux, a retired principal of Oak-Land Junior High School in Lake Elmo, is believed to have fallen outside and died of exposure to frigid weather. Oak Park Heights Police Chief Brian DeRosier said the man was living at an apartment at Boutwells Landing at 5600 Norwich Parkway. Police have not identified the man, but statements from Boutwells Landing and the Oak-Land school said he was LeCloux. DeRosier said staff at the facility went to check on the man about 11 p.m. Sunday to help him get ready for bed, but they didn’t find him in his apartment. The facility told police that wasn’t unusual because the man sometimes visited other people in the facility. “He generally would take care of himself,” DeRosier said. But staffers called police at 1:10 a.m. Monday when they still couldn’t find him. A search was launched involving about 10 police officers and 10 to 15 firefighters, including personnel from Bayport, Stillwater and Washington County. A Minnesota State Patrol helicopter also joined in the search. DeRosier said the man’s body was found lying on a relatively untraveled walking path between a Walmart store and a Lowe’s store about a half mile north of the senior living facility. “We assume he was trying to get to the Walmart,” DeRosier said. Related Articles Dementia movie and discussion this weekend in Woodbury Former Wisconsin deputy who killed Lake Elmo woman and sister to be released Friends group wants county control of Stillwater’s St. Croix Boom site Foe of new Lakeland city hall tapped for open council seat Goat-farming mayor wants Scandia to be more of a recreational destination DeRosier said police do not suspect foul play. He said the man may have fallen, could not get up and died of exposure. It was 0 degrees at 11 p.m. Sunday in the Twin Cities. The man was wearing a winter jacket but no hat or gloves, DeRosier said. Audio of the search on the MN Police Clips website indicated that the man used a walker. “It’s a sad outcome for an individual who shouldn’t have been out on his own,” DeRosier said. DeRosier said the man’s body did not show up on the State Patrol helicopter’s thermal imaging camera, indicating he may have been there a while before he was found. “We were first aware that Mr. LeCloux wasn’t in his apartment last evening when staff arrived for scheduled services,” Wendy Kingbay, campus administrator at Boutwells Landing, said in a prepared statement. “Mr. LeCloux was free to come and go as he wished. However, when his absence raised concerns, we initiated our standard missing-resident protocols and notified his family. An extensive search by staff and police was done.” Related Articles The iPhone at 10: A look at its most memorable moments West St. Paul city manager to be paid $115,000 to depart position Man charged with shooting into car outside Dorothy Day Center in St. Paul Eagan gets $100,000 from St. Paul philanthropist Charges: White Bear Lake woman stole credit cards, checks from neighbors’ homes The statement continued, “Boutwells Landing places a high priority on the security and well-being of residents. We regularly evaluate our standards of resident care and safety protocols to reduce risk for personal harm. We routinely reinforce procedures and practices along with the responsiveness required to meet resident needs at the highest level possible.” The facility said it is fully cooperating with authorities in the investigation. “The family and friends of Mr. LeCloux are in our thoughts and prayers today,” the statement said. LeCloux was the principal of Oak-Land School until he retired in 2005 — after spending 32 years as a principal in the Stillwater Area School District. “Tom was extremely bright, a visionary and a champion for Oak-Land and the Stillwater District,” said Oak-Land principal Andy Fields. “He was a friend to everyone he met along the way.” Bob Shaw contributed to this report.       Tags:  Oak Park Heights Washington County Richard Chin Richard has written the only newspaper correction/clarification at the Pioneer Press in the form of a limerick, and is responsible for the first use of "snot rocket" in the paper. In the furtherance of journalism, he has flown on the Goodyear Blimp, driven the Wienermobile, was mistaken for a serial killer, appeared at a Saints game dressed as a urine specimen mascot costume, helped a Lutheran pastor build her coffin and once won the Wisconsin Wife Carrying Championship. He was a Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford University. Follow Richard Chin @rrchin As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in News The iPhone at 10: A look at its most memorable moments January 07, 2017, 7:25 pm From the App Store to turn-by-turn navigation to Antennagate, here are some ways Apple’s fabulous invention rocked our world. Read More West St. Paul city manager to be paid $115,000 to depart position January 06, 2017, 7:33 pm Departing West St. Paul Manager Matt Fulton will be paid more $115,000 and receive health coverage and other benefits as part of a separation agreement the city council is expected to approve next week. Terms of the separation agreement were made public Friday as part of agenda documents prepared for Monday’s regularly scheduled city council meeting. Fulton has been West St.... Read More Man charged with shooting into car outside Dorothy Day Center in St. Paul January 06, 2017, 7:31 pm Two men were sitting in their car Tuesday morning near the Dorothy Day Center in downtown St. Paul when a silver SUV pulled up next to them and the driver opened fire into the driver’s side door. Carlos Kendall Duncan, 30, is accused of being the shooter and was charged Friday in Ramsey County District Court with two counts of... Read More Eagan gets $100,000 from St. Paul philanthropist January 06, 2017, 7:28 pm John Nasseff was a senior executive at West Publishing when the company decided to relocate from St. Paul to Eagan. Tom Hedges was Eagan’s young city administrator and was instrumental in fostering the relationship between the city and the legal-publishing company, Nasseff recently recalled. “Tom’s leadership, work ethic and can-do approach is why West Publishing (now part of Thomson Reuters)... Read More Charges: White Bear Lake woman stole credit cards, checks from neighbors’ homes January 06, 2017, 7:27 pm A White Bear Lake woman allegedly stole thousands of dollars from her neighbors by taking credit cards and checks from them, according to charges filed Friday in Ramsey County District Court. Jeanette Carter, also known as Jeanette Walton and Jeanette Hightower, was charged with first-degree burglary, financial transaction card fraud and possession or sale of stolen or counterfeit checks. Carter,... Read More U.S. report: Putin ordered cyber effort to help Trump, hurt Clinton January 06, 2017, 6:57 pm Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a hidden campaign to influence America’s presidential election in favor of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton, U.S. intelligence agencies declared Friday in the government’s first formal allegation supporting sensational claims that Trump and his supporters have staunchly resisted. The intelligence report, an unclassified version of a more-detailed classified account given earlier to Trump, the White... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments 6 ways to make your paycheck go further Coffee Want to step up savings? Rein in your daily coffee habit. A latte can run around $4 in a coffee shop, but you can make one yourself at about a fourth of the cost. (Christopher Jue/Getty Images) Print Email Tribune News Service By Tribune News Service The Oregonian on December 19, 2016 at 6:59 AM, updated December 19, 2016 at 7:24 AM comments Whether you're making seven figures or just starting out, one thing tends to be universal: how quickly your paycheck disappears. Here are some practical, doable and even fun ways to stretch your next paycheck further. Coupons Thanks to sites like Coupon Sherpa, Coupons.com and others, using coupons has never been easier. And you'd be surprised by how much coupons can save you -- immediately. "Whether it's retail, restaurant or grocery purchases, you can find a coupon for pretty much anything," said Kendal Perez, a savings expert with Coupon Sherpa. Coupon Sherpa even has an app for your smartphone. "You'll get instant access to savings like an extra 20 percent off with a Macy's coupon, or $10 off oil changes, car batteries and preventative maintenance services with a Goodyear coupon," Perez said. She said grocery coupons can also be found online now, as well as weekly ads for stores like Target, Wal-Mart and others. The age of scissors is gone. You can now print the ads yourself, give a coupon code or sometimes just show your phone at checkout, Perez said. And if you're still not sure about the power of coupons, consider that a Syracuse University Online Business School study found that coupons saved consumers $3.6 billion in 2014. Stay in Whether it's the movies, a dinner date or go-kart racing with friends, leaving the house for entertainment or food can decimate a paycheck faster than the Internal Revenue Service. Here are a few ideas for how to stay in and still have fun. Find an excellent TV series to binge. "When you're really into a series, you actually want to stay in, rather than blowing money out at restaurants, bars, movie theaters, etcetera.," said Brian Davis, a finance blogger and real estate expert with Spark Rental. Invite friends over for the show -- the popcorn will be a small fraction of the cost of the theater. Tackle that to-do list. "Pick three items or projects from your to-do list that you've been procrastinating on and commit to accomplishing them before you allow yourself the next evening out," Davis said. Just make sure they're not expensive projects. Commit to two weeks of "spend-free dates," which means that whatever you do with your significant other or friends, you spend no money. It's something that has saved a lot of money quickly for Kelsey Goeres, social media and public relations associate at MyCorporation, a startup consulting business. "My boyfriend and I do a lot of cooking at home, playing card games or sports, going on hikes, picnics, checking out free art galleries and museums and more. Whenever we do this for a month, I always come out on top. It's amazing how much we tend to spend on dates," she said. DIY Chances are that you pay good money for many things that you could (fairly) easily do yourself. "Whether it's grabbing a morning latte, dining out or getting your nails done regularly, everyone has a vice. Once you identify your spending weakness and figure out a way to do the service yourself, however, your paycheck will thank you," Perez said. Her first suggestion is to put a check on your daily coffee habit. A medium latte at Starbucks will run you about $3.65. But, with the average cost of a pound of coffee coming in at $4.30 and milk at $3.39 a gallon, you'll use about 20 cents worth of milk and 5 cents worth of coffee per cup, if you make your own drink. You just saved about $3 a cup. Perez admits that you might not make a latte that's as good as the ones at Starbucks, but you're going to love your bank account at the end of two weeks, especially if you throw in some brown-bag lunches, do your own nails and wash your own car. "Ultimately, doing as much as you can yourself, and avoiding paying others for services, will make you feel richer every month. Plus, when you do splurge, it will be more special, since it's not a regular occurrence," Perez said. Shock yourself Debit card, credit card, Apple Pay -- in this cash-hating world, it's easy to swipe away your paycheck without realizing exactly how much you're spending. That's why tracking your spending is on top of most money-saving experts' lists. Whether you use Mint, FlexScore or another money-managing app, or just study your bank and card statements, the first step in cutting back is to shock yourself at what you're spending your paycheck on. And you will definitely be shocked, said Adam Vega, a certified financial planner and wealth manager with United Capital Financial Life Management. "When you know where your money is going, you are better equipped to modify your behavior, so that you are spending your hard-earned money on the things that are truly important to you," he said. Ideally, Vega said, you would track every penny spent for a month or more. But this shock-and-save approach will work in the short term by forcing you to look back through your spending history for the previous month. Add up the amounts you spent on everything and decide if it was really worth it. "You can only spend every dollar once, and knowing what you want most out of your financial life starts with knowing where you are in your financial life," Vega said. Turn savings into a game Philadelphia accountant Anthony Copeman promotes a fun strategy based on a challenge: Save every $5 bill you get as change. Pay cash as often as you can and always save the $5 bills. "This is a great game to play with your friends and family to see who can stretch their money further without spending all of their paycheck," Copeman said. The trick will help you understand the value of saving. "It shows that every dollar earned doesn't have to be spent." And, if you want to put a new twist on your budgeting efforts, try a method promoted by entrepreneur and GreenPal founder Gene Caballero. To save, he forced himself to pay cash as much as possible and then convert all the ones and fives he got as change into change -- quarters, nickels, dimes -- which he would deposit in a jug at home. The result was instant savings, because it forced him to avoid breaking a $20. "No one wants 23 quarters in their pockets," he said. "Just a fun little way I would trick myself to be more frugal and also save." Put the brakes on online shopping These days, it's all too easy to click your paycheck away at online retailers, especially ones for which you already have a credit card or bank account on file. One click, and there goes another day's take-home pay. That's why Katie Ross, education and development manager with national financial education nonprofit American Consumer Credit Counseling, said that one of her strongest suggestions for making a paycheck stretch further is to pause every time you are about to click that "buy" button. "If you find something online that you want but might not need, put it in your cart and leave it there without finalizing the purchase for a couple days," she said. This will give you time to consider if you can really afford the item or if it's truly worth the cost. The move might even save you money if you ultimately decide to purchase. "Many online retailers will email a 10 percent to 15 percent off coupon to registered users who leave items in their carts for 48 hours in order to entice them to complete the sales," she said. --Tribune News Service Most Read Business Briefing The top business headlines of the day delivered to your inbox. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Laurel kids 'Shop with a Cop' - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Laurel kids 'Shop with a Cop' 2016-12-17T23:33:36Z2016-12-17T23:36:01Z By Charles Herrington, Reporter Email Connect cherrington@wdam.com Laurel Police sergeant Kenneth Rogers helps a child buy a Christmas gift during the annual "Shop with a Cop" Saturday. Photo credit WDAM. LAUREL, MS (WDAM) - Laurel Police are reaching out to make Christmas a happier time for some children in need.   20 kids were taken on holiday shopping sprees Saturday morning at the Laurel Walmart as part of the annual "Shop with a Cop" program. Contributions from generous donors gave the youngsters $200 each to spend on clothes, toys and anything else they wanted.   "It's a great thing that they do every year," said Cari Peak. Her children were being helped by the program. "This is the first year that we've applied for it and it's just wonderful. I couldn't believe we were selected and I'm very grateful."    "A lot of these children have suffered tragedies this year," said Sgt. Michael Reaves, of the Laurel Police Department. "Some of them have lost parents in accidents and things like that. Typically, we'll end up usually with at least one family that has suffered maybe a house fire or something right here at Christmastime."  The program is organized through Laurel's Fraternal Order of Police.  Copyright 2016 WDAM. All rights reserved.  News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> MSU basketball team stops during trip to LSU to help injured motorist MSU basketball team stops during trip to LSU to help injured motorist The Mississippi State men's basketball team braved the weather to travel for their Saturday matchup against LSU. But their true bravery had nothing to do with a game.  More >> The Mississippi State men's basketball team braved the weather to travel for their Saturday matchup against LSU. But their true bravery had nothing to do with a game.  More >> Latest: Defenders give details on Chicago beating suspects Latest: Defenders give details on Chicago beating suspects Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 4:40 PM EST2017-01-06 21:40:32 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 4:40 PM EST2017-01-06 21:40:32 GMT The Latest on the beating of a white man in Chicago that was broadcast live on Facebook (all times local):More >> The Latest on the beating of a white man in Chicago that was broadcast live on Facebook (all times local):More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:59 PM EST2017-01-07 01:59:32 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY. More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:53 PM EST2017-01-07 01:53:56 GMT (Source: WSFA 12 News) WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates: More >> WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
MENU GO 23 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Police investigating armed robbery at River Ridge Marketplace by Jennifer Saylor The search is on for an armed robber who took money from the J&S Cafeteria in the River Ridge Marketplace in East Asheville. (Photo credit: WLOS staff) VIEW PHOTO GALLERY3 photos AA MORE VIDEO Noon CoverageASHEVILLE, N.C. (WLOS) —  The search is on for an armed robber who took money from the J&S Cafeteria in the River Ridge Marketplace in East Asheville. The robbery happened around 9:30 Monday morning, and our reporter saw at least four police cars driving in the area. Officers say the robbery happened at the back of the restaurant. They say a woman had just walked out, headed to the bank to make a deposit when she was confronted by a man with a handgun. He took the money and took off, last seen heading toward the Walmart. "You look at these people committing crimes not only here but all across America now, why can't they just get a job instead of robbing this woman here at gunpoint. For what? It's not going to get you nowhere. It's not," said Antonn Bailey, a J&S employee. Bailey also comforted his co-worker. "I gave her a hug and shed tears with her, and said just lucky enough you weren't hurt, you weren't seriously hurt. It could have been worse. You always gotta know that the good Lord's going to be with you no matter hands down, no matter what the situations are." Police have a very limited description of this man because of the mask he wore that covered his face, but investigators say he's a black man with dreadlocks who was dressed all in black clothing. They're checking surveillance footage to see what else they can learn about this man. If you have any information, call the Asheville Police Department or Crimestopppers at 255-5050. close News In Pictures Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate Federal investigation underway in Weaverville Gallery: January 6, 2017 Snow Trending 1   Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads 2   Federal investigation underway in Weaverville 3   Why we buy milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows 4   Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate 5   Homeland Security investigation in Weaverville continues with few answers DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLOS Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads 2 Federal investigation underway in Weaverville 3 Why we buy milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows 4 Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate 5 Homeland Security investigation in Weaverville continues with few answers 6 Second round of snow expected Friday evening 7 Crews already working to make sure roads are safe for travel during the storm 8 Trooper saves the life of a small child: 'I said, Lord, I need your help' 9 Suspect traveled with gun in checked bag before killing 5 at Fort Lauderdale airport 10 Raid on Marion home leads to five suspects, drugs and guns
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 27° F Broken Clouds Hi: 34° F Lo: 18° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 3 Weather Alerts 8 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines New Haven city workers are ready for first snow storm of 2017 Updated: 3 mins ago New Haven city workers began preparing for the storm earlier this week pretreating streets with a brine solution. Laurence Grotheer the dire… Secretary of State Denise Merrill To Appoint Scott Bates As Deputy Secretary of State Updated: 8 mins ago Scott Bates of Stonington will be appointed to serve as Deputy Secretary of State effective January 24th, 2017. The post was previously held… Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales Updated: 16 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 17 mins ago Fiat Chrysler recalls 100K vehicles to fix Takata air bags Updated: 20 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 27° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 20° F Wind: N 6 Humidity: 49% Dewpoint: 10° F Sunrise: 7:17 AM Sunset: 4:38 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 27° F Broken Clouds Hi: 34° F Lo: 18° F New Haven police stuff cruiser with toys for kids WTNH.com Staff Published: December 19, 2016, 11:54 am Updated: December 19, 2016, 1:07 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) - FILE - New Haven Police Cruiser (WTNH / Renee Chmiel) NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH)– To protect and serve as Santa was the mission of the New Haven police department Monday. They’re trying to make sure every child in elm city has a toy to play with this holiday season. So, they were stuffing the cruiser with toys at the Wal-Mart store on Foxon Boulevard and they’re hoping folks will come out and help them. “So we want to stuff a cruiser. Stuff the PAL van and take some of those resources and give it to the people who need it. This is part of community policing. WE are just trying to show people we care,” said Chief Anthony Campbell, Interim Police Chief, New Haven. The cruiser will be parked there until 3 p.m. Monday afternoon and again Tuesday starting at 10 in the morning. The goal is to collect toys for more than 3,500 children. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Madison boy makes big donation to sick kids this holiday season New Haven Police Department focuses on replacing aging fleet and equipment Marine Toys for Tots runs low on donations Donated toys stolen from church in Watertown Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
