null
Tech Apple Science Cars Baselworld 2017 Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates Posted: Apr 2 2017, 1:00am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Credit: Nintendo   New Nintendo Switch inventory flows in. Here are the latest Switch restocking updates. Updated. Nintendo announced on Wednesday that more Switch consoles are on the way. "Check with your local retailers over the next few days for more information," Nintendo stated in a Tweet on Wednesday. They have not been lying. Lots of new Switch inventory is showing up. Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com Update: April 2, 2am ET: Walmart continues to sell the Nintendo Switch online. Availability is on and off in the past hours. The Switch bundles start at $368 on walmart.com. The I4U Nintendo Switch Giveaway ends in 1 hour. Enter to win a new Nintendo Switch now. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch stay around $400, despite the restocking. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. Walmart is selling again today on April 1 Nintendo Switch consoles and bundles walmart.com. The retailer is making the Switch available in small batches throughout the day. Check the walmart.com now for availability. Amazon has offered again the Nintendo Switch on Thursday at around 3pm ET on Thursday. Inventory lasted almost an hour. Lots of readers of I4U News scored a Switch for $299.99 on amazon.com thanks to our Nintendo Switch shopping guides. iStockNow is posting a series of notifications about the Nintendo Switch showing up in stock at Walmart store locations. The new Switch sales come on the heals of a Nintendo Switch sale at the Best Buy online store. The experience of shoppers trying to grab a Nintendo Switch was worse than Black Friday. Nintendo started to restock the Nintendo Switch last week. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. The Nintendo flagship store in New York will sell the Nintendo Switch again on Thursday at 4pm ET. The Nintendo store has been selling the Switch daily this week. The iStockNow inventory tracker is reporting this morning multiple Walmart and Target stores with Switch inventory like in the past days. We recommend to look up the inventory level of your local Walmart store on BrickSeek and compare with what iStockNow reports. If both services show stock, the likelihood of you finding a Switch is rather high. Walmart also offers in stock tracking for its stores online. Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  Amazon in Spain had the Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con in stock again for 329 Euro yesterday, but is sold out now. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch did not decline, despite the restocking last week. Prices are above $400 from "trustworthy" reseller. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. The Switch has also been spotted in stock in select cities on Amazon Prime Now and on in Fry's store locations. iStockNow is notifying users about Switch stock at Fry's stores. We offer a way to get the Nintendo Switch for free through our Nintendo Switch Giveaway. Enter daily to increase your chances to win coveted Switch console. Our Nintendo Switch Giveaway ends this week.  How to find the Nintendo Switch in Stores Walmart Stores Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Walmart stores with Switch in stock.  Target Stores  While there are three methods to check for Switch inventory, it is more difficult for Target. BrickSeek does not work for checking for Switch stock at Target stores for some reason. Searching with DCPI 207-29-1001 results in: "Sorry, this item is not available to search at this time." Target shows store inventory also online on target.com for the Nintendo Switch. The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The search for the Switch at Target on BrickSeek is not returning results yet. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Target stores with Switch in stock.  Nintendo Flagship Store in New York Nintendo tweeted a schedule of Switch sales for this week. On Wednesday March 29, the Switch will go on sale at 10am ET in the store located at 10 Rockefeller Plaza. On Thursday, March 30, the Switch sale begins at 4pm and on Friday, Switch hunters can line up at 10am again. If you are lining up today, please share how many Switch consoles the store had in stock in the comments below. Best Buy Best Buy announced to sell the $299.99 Nintendo Switch Grey Joy-Con online at bestbuy.com on Wednesday, March 29 at noon CT (1pm ET). Read our guide on how to battle the bots for a Nintendo Switch at Best Buy's online shop today. Scalpers are ready to wipe out Best Buy's inventory of the Switch with automated scripts using multiple My Best Buy accounts.Shoppers can use iStockNow to find Best Buy stores with Switch in stock.  GameStop The iStockNow service also works for GameStop store locations. A pro tip for iStockNow is to look for inventory changes of your local stores you track. Only if there is a fresh change, the likelihood that the information is correct is high. Another tip is to compare iStockNow and BrickSeek results. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock. Both inventory tracker have already setup the Nintendo Switch trackers. We also recommend to use the Chrome browser extension Page Monitor Pro to monitor Nintendo Switch product pages in the hours ahead of the release. Amazon has been offering the hard to find Nintendo Switch through its local delivery service Amazon Prime Now. We see the Nintendo Switch in stock for select cities on Amazon Prime Now almost each day over the past weeks. The inventory is sold out extremely fast each time. The Lucky customers can receive the Switch with 2 hour free delivery once the Amazon Prime Now. Below is the list of shops that offer the Nintendo Switch online in case they have inventory. Amazon  Best Buy  GameStop   Target  ToysRUs Nintendo lists six official stores that sell the Nintendo Switch including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, ToysRUs and Target. Other stores have also listed the Switch including NewEgg, Fry's, BHPPhotoVideo and Nintendo's own store. We have a brand-new Nintendo Switch in the office that we are giving away. Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway now to get a chance to win a free Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News NES Classic Edition Stock Updates 10 hours ago, 2:12pm CDT Get a Nintendo Switch for Free 11 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT All The Interesting Facts About The Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In One Place 12 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT Xbox Scorpio: Release Date, Games, Specs, and More 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT Cassini Spacecraft Captures Close-up View of a Propeller in Saturn’s Outermost Ring 8 hours ago, 4:45pm CDT Depression is the Leading Cause of Illness and Disability Worldwide: WHO 12 hours ago, 12:50pm CDT Dark Energy May Not Exist At All 12 hours ago, 12:23pm CDT Google's Best April Fools’ Day 2017 Pranks 12 hours ago, 12:08pm CDT Supersonic Plasma Jets Discovered in Earth's Upper Atmosphere for the First Time 13 hours ago, 11:34am CDT Polar Bears Spotted in Scotland on April Fools’ Day 13 hours ago, 11:01am CDT April Fool’s Day Best Pranks 15 hours ago, 9:30am CDT Scientists Grow Super Potato in Mars-like Conditions 16 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Google Maps Turn into Ms. Pac-Man for April Fools’ Day 17 hours ago, 7:57am CDT Jaguar i-Pace EV Spotted Testing 17 hours ago, 7:47am CDT Mysterious Cosmic Explosion From a Faraway Galaxy Puzzles Astronomers 17 hours ago, 7:43am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News NES Classic Edition Stock Updates 10 hours ago, 2:12pm CDT Get a Nintendo Switch for Free 11 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT All The Interesting Facts About The Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In One Place 12 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT Xbox Scorpio: Release Date, Games, Specs, and More 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Cassini Spacecraft Captures Close-up View of a Propeller in Saturn’s Outermost Ring 8 hours ago, 4:45pm CDT NES Classic Edition Stock Updates 10 hours ago, 2:12pm CDT Get a Nintendo Switch for Free 11 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT Depression is the Leading Cause of Illness and Disability Worldwide: WHO 12 hours ago, 12:50pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Baselworld 2017 Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Posted: Apr 2 2017, 1:03am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   NES Classic Shopping Guide   Here are the latest Nintendo NES Classic restocking updates. Updated. Today the NES Classic is showing up in stock at a lot of Target store locations. Amazon continues NES Classic offers on Amazon Prime Now. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online Reseller prices start at $130, plus $3.99 shipping on amazon.com from legit appearing reseller. The first offers in the list on amazon.com are obviously a scam. Nobody is selling a new NES Classic for $10.75. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam that lock up your cash. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Amazon scam for details. Updates: April 2, 2am ET: The NES Classic is in stock now in LA/Orange County on Amazon Prime Now. Lots of Target stores are reported to have the NES Classic in stock on iStockNow. It is worthwhile to check the NES inventory at your local Target this morning. Find out how below. Walmart offered the NES Classic online at walmart.com yesterday. Nintendo is clearly delivering new inventories of the the NES Classic.  It had been ages since Walmart sold the NES Classic online. The inventory was gone in under 8 minutes, despite the sale happening in the middle of the night. Besides Walmart also Best Buy sold the NES last week.  Amazon has been sitting on NES inventory and makes it available in small batches on its local delivery service since a couple weeks now. This is an obvious marketing campaign for Amazon Prime Now. Check the NES Classic listing for your Zip code on Amazon Prime Now. Las Vegas was the latest city to that was offered the NES Classic. The local delivery service of Amazon has offered the NES in select cities. The supply is extremely constraint. Shoppers can get notified about the NES Classic availability on Amazon Prime Now with iStockNow. Our NES Classic Giveaway has ended. We have notified the winner of the brand-new NES Classic EU version. The Nintendo Switch Giveaway is still available. Enter now to win a new Nintendo Switch Several resellers offer still the original Nintendo NES Controller for $39.99 on Amazon.com. This is though four times the regular price. There are plenty of 3rd party NES controller that sell for around $10. The NES Classic supply has not improved significantly after months on the market. Target and Walmart stores have been the source of NES hunters a couple weeks ago, but both stores have not gotten significant new inventory in a long time. The last time the NES was on sale on amazon.com for the regular retail price of $59.99 was on Feb. 23. NES Classic on Amazon Prime Now The only option that has worked in past days is Amazon Prime Now. The local delivery service of Amazon has offered the NES in select cities. The supply is extremely constraint and very sporadic. It is suspicious that only Amazon has the NES in stock and only sells them through Amazon Prime Now. It looks like Amazon set aside some NES inventory to use it to promote its local delivery service. Amazon only allows one NES Classic order per person. There is strict limit on how many NES an account can order for a set period of time, at least 24 hours. Ordering a NES via Amazon Prime Now is though great, but its a hassle to spot one in stock and ready for order. It arrives in 2 hours for free in the cities where Amazon Prime Now is available. NES hunters have to refresh the search for the NES Classic for their ZIP code on a regular basis to spot the NES in stock. There is also no pattern where the NES Classic will be available next on Amazon Prime Now. Target and Walmart stores have not shown significant inventory in the past days. Consumers scored NES classic consoles through Amazon Prime Now and Amazon Spain. NES Classic Edition Stock Updates NES Classic at Amazon.com The NES Classic reseller prices keep stable. Reseller prices on March 20 start to $130, plus $3.99 shipping on amazon.com. There are several offers under $135 mark. Prices have been $40 higher at the beginning of the week. The first offers in the list are obviously risky, as the start at $9.99. This low priced offers are from just launched accounts. Amazon Prime Now has shown the NES Classic available in select cities for very short period of times throughout Wednesday. Most recent cities included Las Vegas and Nashville. Check the NES Classic listing for your Zip code on Amazon Prime Now. NES hunters also are keeping an eye on Amazon.es as NES supply in the United States has dried up. Cost of ordering a European version of the NES on Amazon Spain is reasonable. NES Classic at Target The NES Classic at Target stores availability is still very low with 1% according to BrickSeek. The chances to find a NES at a Target store are low.  NES Classic at Walmart The NES Classic at Walmart stores stock indicator drops to 1% according to BrickSeek. The chances to find a NES at a Walmart store are low. iStockNow reports several Walmart stores with NES inventory. NES Classic at GameStop The NES Classic was last in stock at GameStop online on March 17. GameStop only offered the NES Classic as part of bundles priced at $79.99. Inventory lasted about 30 minutes. The $79.99 NES Classic Edition bundle included the Miniboss Wireless controller. NES Classic at Best Buy The Nintendo NES Classic was on sale online at bestbuy.com on Wednesday, March 29. NES Classic at ToysRUs Stores No new updates. NES not in stock at ToysRUs stores and online shop. TRU is only selling NES accessories online. See also our latest Nintendo Switch Stock Updates. To check the NES stock situation at a nearby Walmart use this page on brickseek and for NES stock at Target stores use this page. Zoolert is now also offering a service to check inventory of retail locations. Zoolert supports besides Target and Walmart also ToysRUs, GameStop and Best Buy. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest version of hakchi2 allows NES owners to install over 800 NES games. A new hack even allows NES owners to run SNES games via an emulator.  It is easier to find NES Classic controllers Amazon now, although they are not from Nintendo. Here is a list of popular NES accessories on sale on Amazon. NES Classic Edition Accessories Original Nintendo NES Controller Nyko MiniBoss Controller for NES Classic Edition My Arcade GamePad Classic - Wireless Controller for the NES Classic Edition Ortz 10 Feet NES Classic Edition Mini Controller [TURBO EDITION] Cacly NES Classic Controller, approx 6 Feet Long Cord 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller USB Cable for NES Classic (Eliminates the Need for AC Adapter) Classic USB NES Controller for PC / Mac Pernos 2Pack 10ft 3M Extension Cable for Nintendo NES Classic Mini Edition Controller Ortz 10ft Controller for NES Classic Mini [TURBO EDITION] Buttons 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver 10ft Extend Link Extension Cable For Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition RDS Industries NES Classic Edition Carrying Case Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller Nintendo is under criticism for bad demand forecasting since years. Part of it is intentional as shortage generates buzz. The downside are the countless hours of people spent in line and the caused frustration. There is no update from Nintendo when the Japanese video game maker will resolve the shortage. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The Holiday shopping season 2016 has been dominated by the hunt for Hatchimals and the Nintendo NES classic edition. The NES Classic demand is still strong amidst ongoing shortage. The Best Buy NES Classic and Switch sale on March 29 was worse than a Black Friday sale. We don't expect the sitatution to improve in 2017. The NES Classic will be a hard to find item into the Holiday shopping season 2017. Win a new Nintendo Switch our I4U News Giveaway. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates 3 minutes ago Get a Nintendo Switch for Free 11 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT All The Interesting Facts About The Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In One Place 12 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT Xbox Scorpio: Release Date, Games, Specs, and More 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT Cassini Spacecraft Captures Close-up View of a Propeller in Saturn’s Outermost Ring 8 hours ago, 4:45pm CDT Depression is the Leading Cause of Illness and Disability Worldwide: WHO 12 hours ago, 12:50pm CDT Dark Energy May Not Exist At All 12 hours ago, 12:23pm CDT Google's Best April Fools’ Day 2017 Pranks 12 hours ago, 12:08pm CDT Supersonic Plasma Jets Discovered in Earth's Upper Atmosphere for the First Time 13 hours ago, 11:34am CDT Polar Bears Spotted in Scotland on April Fools’ Day 14 hours ago, 11:01am CDT April Fool’s Day Best Pranks 15 hours ago, 9:30am CDT Scientists Grow Super Potato in Mars-like Conditions 16 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Google Maps Turn into Ms. Pac-Man for April Fools’ Day 17 hours ago, 7:57am CDT Jaguar i-Pace EV Spotted Testing 17 hours ago, 7:47am CDT Mysterious Cosmic Explosion From a Faraway Galaxy Puzzles Astronomers 17 hours ago, 7:43am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates 3 minutes ago Get a Nintendo Switch for Free 11 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT All The Interesting Facts About The Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In One Place 12 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT Xbox Scorpio: Release Date, Games, Specs, and More 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates 3 minutes ago Cassini Spacecraft Captures Close-up View of a Propeller in Saturn’s Outermost Ring 8 hours ago, 4:45pm CDT Get a Nintendo Switch for Free 11 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT Depression is the Leading Cause of Illness and Disability Worldwide: WHO 12 hours ago, 12:50pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Sunday, April 02, 2017 9:59 AM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Why business is greener than Trump April 01 2017 11:03 PM Opinion RELATED STORIES President meets small business owners Fights erupt as Trump backers rally at beach in California A vote for Ivanka for minister of Trump culture No ‘new business deals’ during presidency: Trump Trump win breathes life into private detention industry A solar installation at a Walmart store in Mountain View, California. Walmart is a leading commercial solar and on-site renewable-energy user. Text Size: A A A By Mark Malloch-Brown London Business leaders need to show Trump that they are not cheerleaders for coal, pollution, and global warming The relationship between business, politics, and the environment is about to become more complicated. As US President Donald Trump’s administration threatens to dismantle vital environmental protections, some of which have existed for decades, business leaders are increasingly recognising – and acting upon – the need for environmentally sustainable policies. Trump, who once called climate change a Chinese hoax intended to weaken the US economy, has already repealed the Stream Protection Rule, which bars coal producers from dumping waste into waterways. Next on the chopping block may be the Clean Power Plan, which limits greenhouse-gas emissions from generating plants – by far the country’s largest source of CO2 emissions – with the goal of cutting carbon pollution from the power sector to 32% below 2005 levels by 2030. The Trump administration has even threatened to back out of the Paris climate agreement, to which the world’s governments committed in 2015. A decade ago, business leaders would have largely welcomed such regressive environmental policies, which can lower costs and expand opportunities, by reducing constraints on their companies’ behaviour. But today, even as markets respond bullishly to Trump’s “business-friendly” pledges – not just deregulation and tax cuts, but also a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan that would include reviving coal – business leaders have remained cautious. In particular, they have strong reservations about a potential withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Whatever benefits could be derived from a low-regulation economy would not offset the harm of reneging on environmental commitments that are viewed as vital to American business success. Some are already making their voices heard on the matter. Since Trump’s election, nearly 900 companies and investors, many of them American, have signed an open letter, “Business Backs Low Carbon,” calling on the administration not to withdraw the US from the Paris agreement. These companies, which include large multinationals, believe that failure to build a low-carbon economy would jeopardise America’s prosperity. There is compelling recent research to support this view. In February, a study by Energy Innovation showed that elimination of the Clean Power Plan alone could cost the US $600bn and cause 120,000 premature deaths by 2050. By contrast, efforts to build a more sustainable economy would bring far-reaching benefits. A December 2016 report by the Risky Business Project, led by American CEOs and former municipal and federal leaders, shows that savings in fuel costs from an 80% reduction in CO2 emissions by 2050 could exceed the required capital investment by $150bn. Last January, the Business & Sustainable Development Commission, which I chair, estimated in its flagship report that companies could unlock $12tn globally in revenue and savings by pursuing sustainable business models. Such models can also create up to 380mn jobs by 2030 in key economic sectors, including food and agriculture, energy, transport, health, and municipal government. In the energy sector alone, the opportunities are valued at $4.3tn. Corporate strategies are increasingly falling into line with these findings. In 2005, on the heels of Hurricane Katrina, which devastated the US Gulf Coast and affected a significant regional consumer base for Walmart, the company’s then-CEO Lee Scott delivered a telling speech, entitled “Twenty-First Century Leadership,” to all company employees. Scott set significant environmental goals, as part of a broader vision for Walmart to become a more responsible corporate citizen. Today, Walmart is a leading commercial solar and on-site renewable-energy user, deriving about 25% of its global energy consumption from renewable sources. (The company’s goal, set by Scott, is to rely entirely on renewables.) By increasing the efficiency of its US fleet of trucks, Walmart avoided the emission of nearly 650,000 metric tons of CO2 from 2005 to 2015, and saved nearly $1bn in 2016 alone. Another US company, Mars, Inc., is on a similar path. A signatory of the Business Backs Low Carbon letter, Mars is working to eliminate its greenhouse-gas emissions entirely by 2040, through greater efficiency and investment in renewable energy projects like wind turbines. The company’s CEO, Grant Reid, is also a member of the Business & Sustainable Development Commission. But, while business leadership and collective action are needed to create a sustainable and inclusive economy (a central message of our commission’s report), the private sector cannot do it alone. Government must be an active partner, helping to scale sustainable activities by creating market conditions that spur a “race to the top” and unlock the finance needed to keep America competitive and innovative. So it is not enough simply to oppose Trump’s environmentally damaging policies; businesses need to get his administration on their side, so that the US authorities create an environment that encourages sustainable practices and green innovation. Such an environment could include carbon pricing, which a growing number of businesses are pursuing internally, and tax credits for carbon efficiency. Trump’s own businesses have benefited from such government interventions. As the New York Times recently revealed, in 2012, Trump secured nearly $1mn in energy-efficiency incentives and low-interest loans from New York State. A groundswell of support from CEOs, on a nonpartisan basis, could be the key to spurring the needed action. Before the Paris climate conference, politicians knew that environmental activists wanted a deal to limit climate change; arguably, what ultimately drove them to act, however, was finding out that CEOs and boards felt the same way. Business leaders need to show Trump that they are not cheerleaders for coal, pollution, and global warming. They are determined champions of an enlightened environmentalism that is in the interest of all their stakeholders – customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities in which they operate. – Project Syndicate *Mark Malloch Brown, a former UN deputy secretary-general and UK Foreign Office minister of state for Africa, is Chair of the Business and Sustainable Development Commission. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Long-term solution needed for e-devices ban on flights to US READ MORE Europe’s illiberal establishment READ MORE Lessons from Trump’s healthcare debacle READ MORE Robot help autistic kids with their social skills READ MORE Zuma launches a battle for his own political survival READ MORE A court case of alleged forgery READ MORE The temptation of Theresa May READ MORE New UN chief faces uphill battle on conflict prevention READ MORE When a state makes thievery its official policy READ MORE play pause Top News Al Wakrah demoted after defeat at the hands of Khor 4/1/2017 11:22:08 PM Nakheel Landscapes shine in Workers’ Cup 4/1/2017 11:30:33 PM Temperature to reach 39C Sunday 4/1/2017 10:12:02 PM Marginal fall in Qatar population 4/1/2017 9:42:06 PM Faking signature to sell work visas: Expat gets one year jail 4/1/2017 9:14:46 PM POPULAR LATEST Kuwaiti woman held for filming maid attempting suicide Region Mar 31, 2017 Barca’s Messi dependence to be tested against Granada Sport Mar 31, 2017 Onaiza main tunnel opens four months ahead of schedule Qatar Apr 1, 2017 Marginal fall in Qatar population Qatar Apr 1, 2017 Five schools qualify for Qatar e-Nature finals Qatar Mar 31, 2017 Pillion rider’s death: Biker ordered to pay blood money Qatar Mar 31, 2017 Nigerians jailed for money laundering Qatar Apr 1, 2017 Leading firms win last contract for Msheireb Downtown project Qatar Apr 2, 2017 IS second-in-command killed in airstrike: Iraqi state TV Region Apr 1, 2017 Trump backers happy with regulatory roll-back US/Latin America Apr 1, 2017 Qatar Museums, QDB team up to support SMEs across Qatar Eco./Bus. News Apr 1, 2017 Qatar’s al-Attiyah wins special stage in Abu Dhabi Sport Apr 1, 2017 “Our work goes beyond students to include their families as well” Culture Apr 2, 2017 Why business is greener than Trump Opinion Apr 1, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Motor Show 18/4/2017 Revival of Qatar's musical heritage and Qatari Folk singing program 6/4/2017 JR Répertoire exhibition 1/4/2017 Imperial Threads: Motifs and artisans from Turkey, Iran and India 1/4/2017 Picasso-Giacometti exhibition 1/4/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
Tech Apple Science Cars Baselworld 2017 Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Get A Nintendo Switch For Free Posted: Apr 1 2017, 1:57pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     I4U News is giving away a Nintendo Switch. Giveaway ends today. Enter to win a Nintendo Switch Don't Miss: Win a FREE Nintendo Switch in our Giveaway The Nintendo Switch has been restocked in the past days, but grabbing one proofed very difficult. If you are not into driving around and lining up at stores, we have a solution. I4U News has been able to get a Nintendo Switch to give away to our readers in March.  Get a free Nintendo Switch now. Enter our Nintendo Switch console giveaway to win a new Nintendo Switch. Our Switch sweepstakes ends today. If you have entered before, enter the giveaway again to increase your changes to win this brand-new Nintendo Switch. The Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con is an EU version, but it will work in the United States as well.  US gamers can get an official US Nintendo Switch AC Adapter for the EU Switch console. The Switch giveaway is open to Americans and Europeans. Refer to our constantly updated Nintendo Switch shopping guides to find out what the best options are to find a Nintendo Switch in stock.  All methods of getting a NES or a Switch are a hassle. Entering our Giveaways is as easy as clicking a button. Enter now to win a new Nintendo Switch. The experience yesterday that shoppers faced trying to grab a Nintendo Switch was worse than Black Friday. Best Buy announced to sell the $299.99 Nintendo Switch Grey Joy-Con online at bestbuy.com at noon CT on Wednesday. The site remained responsive during, but the cart broke down and most shoppers could not add the Switch to their cart and complete the checkout.  One of the reasons for the huge load the Best Buy cart experienced have been likely bots and automated scripts run by scalpers.   Nintendo started to restock the Nintendo Switch last week. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. The Nintendo flagship store in New York will sell the Nintendo Switch again on Thursday at 4pm ET. The Nintendo store has been selling the Switch daily this week. The iStockNow inventory tracker is reporting this morning multiple Walmart and Target stores with Switch inventory like in the past days. We recommend to look up the inventory level of your local Walmart store on BrickSeek and compare with what iStockNow reports. If both services show stock, the likelihood of you finding a Switch is rather high. Walmart also offers in stock tracking for its stores online. Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  Amazon in Spain had the Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con in stock again for 329 Euro yesterday, but is sold out now. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch did not decline, despite the restocking last week. Prices are above $400 from "trustworthy" reseller. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. The Switch has also been spotted in stock in select cities on Amazon Prime Now and on in Fry's store locations. iStockNow is notifying users about Switch stock at Fry's stores. We offer a way to get the Nintendo Switch for free through our Nintendo Switch Giveaway. Enter daily to increase your chances to win coveted Switch console. Our Nintendo Switch Giveaway ends this week.  How to find the Nintendo Switch in Stores Walmart Stores Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Walmart stores with Switch in stock.  Target Stores  While there are three methods to check for Switch inventory, it is more difficult for Target. BrickSeek does not work for checking for Switch stock at Target stores for some reason. Searching with DCPI 207-29-1001 results in: "Sorry, this item is not available to search at this time." Target shows store inventory also online on target.com for the Nintendo Switch. The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The search for the Switch at Target on BrickSeek is not returning results yet. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Target stores with Switch in stock.  Nintendo Flagship Store in New York Nintendo tweeted a schedule of Switch sales for this week. On Wednesday March 29, the Switch will go on sale at 10am ET in the store located at 10 Rockefeller Plaza. On Thursday, March 30, the Switch sale begins at 4pm and on Friday, Switch hunters can line up at 10am again. If you are lining up today, please share how many Switch consoles the store had in stock in the comments below. Best Buy Best Buy announced to sell the $299.99 Nintendo Switch Grey Joy-Con online at bestbuy.com on Wednesday, March 29 at noon CT (1pm ET). Read our guide on how to battle the bots for a Nintendo Switch at Best Buy's online shop today. Scalpers are ready to wipe out Best Buy's inventory of the Switch with automated scripts using multiple My Best Buy accounts.Shoppers can use iStockNow to find Best Buy stores with Switch in stock.  GameStop The iStockNow service also works for GameStop store locations. A pro tip for iStockNow is to look for inventory changes of your local stores you track. Only if there is a fresh change, the likelihood that the information is correct is high. Another tip is to compare iStockNow and BrickSeek results. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock. Both inventory tracker have already setup the Nintendo Switch trackers. We also recommend to use the Chrome browser extension Page Monitor Pro to monitor Nintendo Switch product pages in the hours ahead of the release. Amazon has been offering the hard to find Nintendo Switch through its local delivery service Amazon Prime Now. We see the Nintendo Switch in stock for select cities on Amazon Prime Now almost each day over the past weeks. The inventory is sold out extremely fast each time. The Lucky customers can receive the Switch with 2 hour free delivery once the Amazon Prime Now. Below is the list of shops that offer the Nintendo Switch online in case they have inventory. Amazon  Best Buy  GameStop  Target  ToysRUs Nintendo lists six official stores that sell the Nintendo Switch including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, ToysRUs and Target. Other stores have also listed the Switch including NewEgg, Fry's, BHPPhotoVideo and Nintendo's own store. We have a brand-new Nintendo Switch in the office that we are giving away. Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway now to get a chance to win a free Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Win a new Nintendo Switch in the I4U News Giveaway. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News NES Classic Edition Stock Updates 24 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Stock Updates 27 minutes ago All The Interesting Facts About The Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In One Place 13 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT Xbox Scorpio: Release Date, Games, Specs, and More 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT Grass could Power Your Next Flight 18 minutes ago Cassini Spacecraft Captures Close-up View of a Propeller in Saturn’s Outermost Ring 8 hours ago, 4:45pm CDT Depression is the Leading Cause of Illness and Disability Worldwide: WHO 12 hours ago, 12:50pm CDT Dark Energy May Not Exist At All 13 hours ago, 12:23pm CDT Google's Best April Fools’ Day 2017 Pranks 13 hours ago, 12:08pm CDT Supersonic Plasma Jets Discovered in Earth's Upper Atmosphere for the First Time 13 hours ago, 11:34am CDT Polar Bears Spotted in Scotland on April Fools’ Day 14 hours ago, 11:01am CDT April Fool’s Day Best Pranks 15 hours ago, 9:30am CDT Scientists Grow Super Potato in Mars-like Conditions 16 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Google Maps Turn into Ms. Pac-Man for April Fools’ Day 17 hours ago, 7:57am CDT Jaguar i-Pace EV Spotted Testing 17 hours ago, 7:47am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News NES Classic Edition Stock Updates 24 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Stock Updates 27 minutes ago All The Interesting Facts About The Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In One Place 13 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT Xbox Scorpio: Release Date, Games, Specs, and More 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Grass could Power Your Next Flight 18 minutes ago NES Classic Edition Stock Updates 23 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Stock Updates 27 minutes ago Cassini Spacecraft Captures Close-up View of a Propeller in Saturn’s Outermost Ring 8 hours ago, 4:45pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Search News Morning Twist Music Sports Events NOLA Marketplace About Sections 69° Low: 66° High: 82° Sun PM Thunderstorms 72° 79° Mon AM Thunderstorms/Wind 61° 82° Tue Sunny 68° 83° See Complete Forecast Severe Weather Alert 69° Replay: Friday Night Football Copperhead snake bites man inside Arkansas Walmart Posted: 1:48 p.m., April 1, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print JACKSONVILLE, Ark. – A copperhead snake bit a man Friday inside an Arkansas Walmart store, according to KTHV. However, surveillance video later showed the man himself bringing the venomous snake into the store, a Walmart spokesperson told the station. No one else was injured, but the snake sighting caused pandemonium, according to customer Linda Moore Mathews, who snapped a photo of the reptile as it lay coiled in the middle of a produce aisle and posted it on Facebook. “Everyone was freaking out,” Mathews said. Another woman recorded video of a man finally catching the copperhead and placing it in a Walmart bag. The snake was de-fanged, which is usually done to snakes kept as pets, according to Jacksonville Animal Control, but the venomous glands weren’t removed. The man was taken to an area medical center for treatment according to KTHV; his condition is not yet known. In spring of 2016, a copperhead bit a customer in a North Carolina Lowe’s gardening department: Please enable Javascript to watch this video Authors: Tribune Media Wire Filed in: News 183 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel More from WGNO This Week's Circulars Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App facebook twitter instagram pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact Screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Strong Thunderstorms Moving Across the Southern Plains Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes at Copper Mountain, CO Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shudders Beach Side Inn Live look at the surf in Long Beach, NY Heavy rain in Gloucester, Mass outside the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch New images of Tennessee teen allegedly abducted by teacher give hope to girl's family By Morgan Winsor Close Follow on Twitter More from Morgan Apr 1, 2017, 12:36 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayTennessee Bureau of Investigation WATCH New clues in the manhunt for the teacher accused of kidnapping former student 0 Shares Email Surveillance footage showing a Tennessee high school student at a Walmart in Oklahoma with the former teacher who allegedly kidnapped her has given hope to the teen's distraught family. “It was good to be able to see her face,” Elizabeth Thomas' father, Anthony, told ABC News on Friday. “I feel at least hopeful that I’ve seen her.” After receiving a tip late Thursday, investigators obtained images from surveillance cameras at a Walmart in Oklahoma City showing 15-year-old Elizabeth and 50-year-old Tad Cummins on the afternoon of March 15, two days after she was was allegedly kidnappped by her former high school teacher, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Police obtained surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City, from March 15, 2017, showing Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas shopping at the store. The surveillance images show Cummins “with an altered appearance to darken his hair” and indicate that “Elizabeth may currently have red hair,” the investigative bureau said Friday. The pair entered the store together and Cummins used cash to buy food. He didn’t buy “anything else of significance,” the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The store in Oklahoma City is more than 650 miles from where Cummins and Thomas both lived in Tennessee. “Efforts to determine what vehicle they were traveling in remain ongoing,” the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Friday. MEDIA: Here's a quick video clip of Tad Cummins & Elizabeth Thomas entering the Walmart in Oklahoma City on 3/15.https://t.co/tIsI94rT6a— TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 31, 2017 An attorney for the Thomas family, Jason Whatley, told ABC News that in the image of Elizabeth walking behind her former teacher, "She looks subservient to him, walking behind him, looking to him." "It's a very scary image," the lawyer said Friday. "And frankly, it's exactly the kind of image that we were expecting; it's just very shocking to finally see it." The surveillance video is the first confirmed sighting of the pair since March 13, when Cummins allegedly kidnapped Elizabeth. A day after they disappeared, he was fired from his teaching job at Culleoka Unit School, where Elizabeth had been a student in his forensics class. An Amber Alert has been issued for Elizabeth, and Cummins is wanted on allegations of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. The former teacher has been added to Tennessee’s ten most wanted list. “This is the first proof positive we’ve got that Tad did abduct her and they were traveling together,” Elizabeth’s father told ABC News on Friday. Missing teen, ex-teacher spotted at Oklahoma Walmart 2 days after disappearance Missing teen, ex-teacher may be in Mexico: Officials Teacher visited teen's workplace days before alleged kidnapping, sister says Ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen believed to have watched TV show about living off the grid: Sources Teacher researched 'teen marriage' before kidnapping 15-year-old: Police Cummins, a married father and grandfather, researched teen marriage online, specifically the age of consent, just eight days before he allegedly took Elizabeth. And just three days before the alleged kidnapping, Cummins did an online search about his car “to determine if certain features could be tracked by law enforcement,” according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. “He was certainly putting a lot of planning into disappearing,” Brent Cooper, the district attorney for Maury County, Tennessee, told ABC News earlier this week. “He searched what size mattress will fit in the back of a Nissan Rogue.” Cooper on March 28 asked members of the public to share the Amber Alert for Elizabeth with friends and family members in Mexico and Central America, adding that Mexican law enforcement had been notified and "it's possible that's where they are." Cooper said Cummins "planned this in such a way that he had a 24-hour head start ... easily enough time for him to make it to Mexico." The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (L-R) Pictured are Tad Cummins, who is on the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation's 'Top 10 Most Wanted' list and Elizabeth Thomas, the subject of a statewide AMBER Alert in Tennessee. Investigators have discovered email draft messages between Elizabeth and Cummins, which authorities said show a romantic relationship between them. According to authorities, after one of them would write a message, he or she would save the message as a draft, and the other person would log on, read the message and delete it. One of Elizabeth's schoolmates reported seeing her and Cummins kiss in his classroom on Jan. 23, according to a school district investigative report, but both denied the claim. A school report from January reads that neither one "admitted to behaving inappropriately towards the other." Tennessee Bureau of Investigation director Mark Gwyn said earlier this week, "This is not a fairy tale. This is a case of kidnapping." A lawyer for Cummins' wife, Jill Cummins, said she has filed for divorce after 31 years of marriage. "Jill will attempt to move forward with her life," attorney Michael Cox said in a statement provided to ABC News on Friday. "Jill continues to pray for the safe return of Elizabeth Thomas and for a peaceful resolution to this ordeal." Tennessee Bureau of Investigation The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation released a photo of Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas at school in January. Before her disappearance, Elizabeth was seen around 7:30 or 8 a.m. local time on March 13 at a Shoney's restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee, where she was dropped off by a friend, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. She never returned home that night. Surveillance footage from a gas station near the restaurant appears to show Cummins at about 8:30 a.m. filling up his silver Nissan Rogue, the car in which investigators believe he may still be traveling in with the teenager. Later that same afternoon, a cellphone ping placed the pair in Decatur, Alabama, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. Their trail went cold until now. In an emotional interview with ABC News on Friday, Elizabeth’s father pleaded to her daughter to come home. “Elizabeth, if you can hear me, please come back to us,” he said. Authorities are asking that anyone with information call 1-800-TBI-FIND and that anyone who sees a car with Tennessee license plate number 976-ZPT call 911. ABC News' Elisabeth Bognar, Michael Edison Hayden, Dee Morales, Eva Pilgrim, Emily Shapiro and Nery Ynclan contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Missing teen's family attorney calls new footage of ex-teacher, student 'a very scary image' " Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner worth up to $740 million " 1 child dead after 7 found unconscious from carbon-monoxide at Michigan hotel pool " Pentagon seizing more control over warfighting " Former National Security Adviser Flynn didn't initially disclose Russia speeches " US House race offers insight into shifting Democratic Party " Far-right clash with anti-fascists in London, 14 arrested " DUI case against model might be dismissed " William Coleman, lawyer, ex-Cabinet member, died " Supreme Court showdown looms ahead of vote " UConn's 111-game winning streak ends, Miss St wins at buzzer " Barbershop finds success in out-of-the-box idea to get kids reading " Girl with rare, severe face cancer sparks emotion in 'hope' photo campaign " Man buys 40 Powerades for 5th graders stranded on interstate from broken-down bus " April the giraffe 'has progressed significantly,' park owner says " Ducklings plucked from a Florida drain " 7-year-old basketball star gets a special surprise from Harlem Globetrotters " 93-year-old WWII vet prepares for upcoming birthday piano recital " Teacher raises $80K for bikes for elementary school's entire student body " School crossing guard, 91, marks 50 years of service " Dad stunned wounded man is nightclub shooting suspect " Most occupants in Texas bus crash were wearing seat belt: NTSB " US cancer deaths are decreasing, study finds " US enrolls volunteers in large test of possible Zika vaccine " South Sudan's civil war creates a new lost generation " Man charged with arson over fire that led to collapse of Atlanta highway bridge " 3 arrested in connection with Atlanta highway fire " Getaway driver convicted of murder over carjacking at mall " 'The Watcher' allegedly continues to harass NJ homeowners " Charleston church shooter to plead guilty in state murder case " Resilient Zags head to title game in first Final Four " Hayden Christensen, Mark Hamill back for 'Star Wars' Celebration " Harriet Tubman photo bought by Smithsonian, national library " April Fools' Day: How did it start?
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Photo from 2006 in Cedar Rapids leads to worldwide recognition of new cloud Special Olympics Iowa hosts Spring Games in Cedar Rapids Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Katie Hallman starts as TCR’s new executive director, aims for sustained growth “Bobby! Bobby!”: Former fan favorite Bobby Goepfert returns to C.R. for HOF induction Korry Howell makes immediate impact for Kirkwood Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Left in ruins, A fascination with abandoned places turns into graphic memoir for UI grad Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate promise Decisions come after Trump shaves U.S. policies Video Photo Bloomberg Emissions rise from the Dominion Resources Inc. Mount Storm Generating Station in Mount Storm, W. Va., in January. By Bloomberg News Apr 1, 2017 at 11:02 am | Print View Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple and Wal-Mart Stores are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win, too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. “Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real,” Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” General Electric’s CEO Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. “We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Mars, the maker of M&Ms, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Colombia landslide kills 154 on city out ... Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate promi ... China counters Trump trade threat with b ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Suburbs Elgin Courier-News Elgin Crime Cops: Man used fake ID at Wal-Mart for internet transaction Cops: Man used fake ID at Wal-Mart for internet transaction Carpentersville police / HANDOUT Renato Munteanu Renato Munteanu (Carpentersville police / HANDOUT) Privacy Policy A man has been charged with using false identification to obtain cash at the Carpentersville Wal-Mart, according to a news release from the Carpentersville Police Department. Renato Munteanu, 30, address unknown, was charged with a class 1 felony count of continuing financial criminal enterprise, a class 3 felony count of theft, two class 3 felony counts of issue or deliver forged document, two class 4 felony counts of possession or display of fictitious ID card and a class A misdemeanor count of possession of identification material hard or software. According to police, a North Carolina resident contacted the Carpentersville Police Department on March 28 to file a complaint following a suspicious incident at the Carpentersville Wal-Mart on Lake Marian Road. The woman said she had been involved in the purchase of an item she had viewed on Craig's List — being sold using eBay Buying Protection Services, police said. She was told by the seller to send $1,500 through a money gram from North Carolina that was picked up by a person who presented a fake Nevada driver's license at the Carpentersville Wal-Mart, police said. Carpentersville police requested video from Wal-Mart of the March 28 transaction. On March 29, a Wal-Mart Loss Prevention Officer saw the suspect from the previous day's transaction at the store and called police, police said. Officers took Munteanu into custody after he was identified as the person who had used a fake driver's license during the March 28 transaction, police said. At the time he was taken into custody, Munteanu had two fictitious Nevada driver's licenses and in his rented vehicle were printers, computers and more than $50,000, police said. Munteanu has been identified as the person who obtained cash, on two separate occasions, at the Carpentersville Wal-Mart store, police said. Munteanu's bond was set at $400,000 on Friday and he was given a court date of April 12 at the Kane County Judicial Center. Copyright © 2017, Elgin Courier-News Crime Chicago police speak to South Shore residents after quadruple homicide Chance the Rapper announces new educational fund Elementary school students march against violence in West Englewood Sports Breaking RedEye Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 44°
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Can Wal-Mart's Spending Spree Help Close the Gap With Amazon? As it seeks to expand its e-commerce business, Wal-Mart is snatching up a number of smaller websites, but its corporate image could get in the way. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Apr 1, 2017 at 7:02AM Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) may be the most uncool brand in the world. The retail giant has been routinely mocked by late-night comedians. A website, peopleofwalmart.com, is known for showing unflattering photos of Wal-Mart shoppers. The company has been deemed undesirable in many of America's coastal cities, and it's been the regular target of protests for paying low wages, using anti-competitive tactics, and violating labor laws.  Wal-Mart, of course, has never tried to be cool. While most large retailers are based in thriving cities, Wal-Mart still calls Bentonville, Arkansas home, the corner of the world Founder Sam Walton hailed from. The company dresses its employees in drab smocks, and its slogans, "Always low prices," and "Save money. Live better," make no bones about its value proposition. It's not here to impress you or wow you with its style or selection. It's here to sell you dirt cheap products, like $2 t-shirts, with the help of its economies of scale and global supply chain.  Other low-priced rivals have found ways to stand for something in addition to savings. Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is known for tech innovation and top-notch customer service. Target (NYSE:TGT) has its "cheap chic" cache thanks to partnerships with brands like Lilly Pulitzer. And even warehouse giant Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) is known for free samples and its unique "treasure hunt" shopping experience.  After years of basing its reputation on low prices and nothing else, however, Wal-Mart may finally be changing. Under CEO Doug McMillon, the company has raised wages, come out against an Arkansas anti-LGBT law, and focused more on clean stores and fully stocked shelves, acknowledging that store image, and not just low prices, is an important driver of performance. Those investments have cut into profits, but have also caused comparable sales to increase nine quarters in a row, bucking the broader trend in retail. Wal-Mart has also been making investments in e-commerce, expanding its grocery pickup program and offering free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more. Image source: Wal-Mart. More importantly, the company has been busy making acquisitions, buying Jet.com for $3.3 billion last summer, and has made three smaller deals more recently, swallowing up Shoebuy, Moosejaw, and Modcloth. It's not a surprise that Wal-Mart has its checkbook out and ready. After years of neglecting e-commerce, the company has fallen a distant second behind Amazon, and it's finally recognized the need to scale up quickly in the online channel in order to compete. The recent acquisitions have been driven by Jet.com founder and current Wal-Mart chief of U.S. e-commerce Marc Lore, who wants to bring the energy of a start-up to the retail behemoth. But building a wide-ranging online presence may be harder than simply making a series of bolt-on acquisitions. No school for cool Each one of those websites Wal-Mart bought has its own set of loyal shoppers different from the typical Wal-Mart shopper. Jet, for instance, courted young, urban, early adopters. Moosejaw, an outdoor brand, sold to rock jocks and other adventurers, and women's clothing site Modcloth was a favorite among hipsters. Those folks aren't a natural fit with Wal-Mart's stodgy brand, and some have been disappointed with the news. A number of ModCloth shoppers took to social media to protest the deal. One commenter said: I have to say I'm really disappointed that ModCloth is now part of the Walmart family. I don't believe Walmart has their workers' interests at heart and so I can sadly no longer purchase from ModCloth.  But just as the deals reflect Wal-Mart's need to branch out, they are also a sign of how difficult it is for small e-commerce companies to make it in a cutthroat environment dictated by Amazon. Like the e-commerce leader, these online businesses tend to have few, if any, profits. According to The Wall Street Journal, ModCloth sold to Wal-Mart for less than the value of the venture capital and debt it had raised, a sign of the challenges the business was facing going it alone.  It's nothing personal Wal-Mart's strategy is nothing new. Corporate giants often target independent business when they're struggling for growth. McDonald's was a majority owner of Chipotle for eight years before spinning it off. Coca-Cola has purchased brands like VitaminWater and Zico Coconut Water, and AB/Inbev has gone on a shopping spree for craft beer brands. Even Ben & Jerry's, as crunchy a mainstream brand as any other, eventually sold to Unilever. The brouhaha over Wal-Mart's takeover will likely fade, but management shouldn't ignore the backlash, especially since Lore has said that he will aim for more such acquisitions. Wal-Mart can help back operations like supply chain and shipping, but the parent should also focus on refreshing its own brand, as its reputation as a corporate bully becomes a bigger liability with every new deal. Just as the company is seeking to update its own e-commerce business, it must do the same with its image.   Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Chipotle Mexican Grill, and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool recommends Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Apr 1, 2017 at 7:02AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $886.54 up $10.20 (1.16%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $72.08 up $0.49 (0.68%) Target NYSE:TGT $55.19 down $0.06 (-0.11%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $167.69 down $0.20 (-0.12%) Read More Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Wal-Mart Tried to Take on Amazon Prime and Failed Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, April 02, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / In quarter, 5 state stocks gain, 12 fall By David Smith This article was published April 1, 2017 at 1:49 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Information about Arkansas stocks in first quarter Only five stocks in the Arkansas Index rose in the first quarter, led by Murphy USA. The Arkansas Index includes the largest public companies based in the state. Murphy USA of El Dorado rose by 19.4 percent for the quarter, easily the best-performing stock in the state. Acxiom rose 6.2 percent and Wal-Mart Stores climbed 4.3 percent for the quarter. The two other stocks with percentage increases in the first quarter were Uniti Group, formerly Communications Sales & Leasing, and Deltic Timber. In all, 12 stocks lost ground for the quarter, five rose and one was unchanged. The Arkansas Index closed at 346.09, down about 4 percent for the quarter. Murphy USA continued to benefit from its long-term relationship with Wal-Mart, said Bob Williams, senior vice president and managing director of Simmons First Investment Group Inc. in Little Rock. "The industry was challenged by reduced fuel sales and below-average retail margins," Williams said. "But Murphy USA more than doubled the industry average on fuel sales per store. Credit for that was attributed to its proximity to Wal-Mart Supercenters and the resultant high traffic." Shareholders for Acxiom, based in Little Rock, continue to benefit from the worldwide adoption of new technologies, Williams said. "Acxiom's subscriber base has grown with Snapchat among its more notable new clients," Williams said. "The company continues its metamorphosis to a pure digital marketing business model" and has begun implementing a new subscription and billing model for new subscribers. Wal-Mart of Bentonville has constantly acted and reacted to maintain its leadership in an incredibly competitive retail environment, Williams said. "As a result, Wal-Mart has focused on driving profitable comparable store, digital and e-commerce sales," Williams said. "Near term, this has resulted in slower unit growth and more investment in its core business but has paid off for shareholders." P.A.M. Transportation fell 37.3 percent for the first three months of the year, the biggest drop for the period. Profits for the Tontitown trucking company were off almost 80 percent last year compared with 2015, Williams said. "The industry faced excess capacity, which hit some firms much harder than others," Williams said. "P.A.M. was squeezed on both sides of the balance sheet. Profit margins shriveled as health care and driver turnover expenses rose resulting in an exceptionally difficult operating environment." Windstream Holdings of Little Rock faced several operational challenges as a result of the nature of the telecommunications business, Williams said. Windstream fell 25.6 percent for the quarter. "While Windstream is a major competitor in residential hard-wired phone and Internet services, alternatives offering faster network speeds have become more widely available," Williams said. Moody's Investor Services announced a change in outlook for the company on Monday, saying "The negative outlook reflects the risk that Windstream may not be able to reverse its unfavorable operating trend." It was a tough quarter for America's Car-Mart, Williams said. The Bentonville company fell 16.7 percent for the quarter. "Its shares had already dropped prior to the negative earnings surprise of 46 percent in February," Williams said. "While Car-Mart bottomed out a few days later, its subsequent bounce still left it nearly 25 percent off its 52-week high." The banking sector didn't perform as well in the first quarter as it did in the fourth quarter. Bank of the Ozarks of Little Rock fell 1.1 percent and Conway-based Home BancShares lost 2.5 percent for the first quarter, but both gained more than 30 percent in the fourth quarter. Simmons First National of Pine Bluff and Little Rock-based Bear State Financial fell more than 7 percent each in the first quarter. But Simmons was up 24 percent and Bear State was up more than 10 percent in the fourth quarter. Arkansas bank stocks had a "spectacular year" in 2016, said Garland Binns, a Little Rock banking attorney. "Arkansas bank stocks may have taken a breather in the first quarter, particularly when one considers the outstanding year that bank stocks had during 2016," Binns said. Business on 04/01/2017 Print Headline: In quarter, 5 state stocks gain, 12 fall Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Rate rises kick in for electric utilities In quarter, 5 state stocks gain, 12 fall 2 Trump orders target trade gap Trump's $25M payout gets OK One more exec gone, USA Truck says goal now i... More U.S. cities catering to wave of Chinese ... U.S. consumer spending up 0.1% Stocks meekly end strong quarter Business news in brief More Business stories > Comments on: In quarter, 5 state stocks gain, 12 fall To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Fox backs O'Reilly after reports of sexual harassment (12 comments) Execution means final (9 comments) POLL: 2 Arkansas school boards to cease praying (156 comments) Winning Mega Millions ticket worth $177M sold in Arkansas (7 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: What matters: Headlines (67 comments) Parents Left Behind (1 comment) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 48° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line FEI World Cup Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness FEI World Cup Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Health and medicine Nutrition Sex & Relationships Real People, Real Inspiration Live Well Nebraska Magazine Consumer Calendar Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Omaha's Choice Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join our Team Inside Business Legal Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Overcast Omaha, NE (68102) Today Light rain early. Then remaining cloudy. High 59F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Cloudy skies early, followed by partial clearing. Low 43F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 2, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Omaha's Choice Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Despite executive order from Trump, companies are standing by promises to curb their emissions “This work is embedded in our business. (It’s) good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Bloomberg News Apr 1, 2017 (…) Many of America’s biggest corporations, including Apple and Walmart Stores, are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Walmart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Walmart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions — from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. “Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real,” Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’ biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order, calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer-maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. “We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Mars, the maker of M&M’s, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” said Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp., said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. Tags Donald Trump Economics Politics Policy Company Commerce Recommended for you Featured Businesses Railcar Modern American Kitchen 1814 N 144th St, Omaha, NE 68154 402-493-4718 Angel Guardians, Inc. | Omaha 15663 Spaulding St, Omaha, NE 68116 402-991-9989 Complete Weddings + Events 110 N 9th Street, Omaha, NE 68102 402-339-3535 United Rent-All 811 S. 48th Street , Omaha, NE 68106 402-556-1600 Heartland Wood Floors 14621 Industrial Rd, Omaha, NE 68144 402-334-8686 Tish's Restaurant 1207 S 35th St, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 712-323-5456 In case you missed it Omaha City Council approves development package for 'visionary' $1.2 billion project near Boys Town North End Teleservices is Omaha Chamber’s Small Business of the Year Stage Stores, winner in Gordmans bankruptcy auction, will operate 50 locations and keep open Omaha distribution center Trump eases way for coal, but market leans away Former owner of Wohlner’s, Omaha's oldest grocery store, dies at 94 Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Shareholders’ yellow brick road leads to Berkyville and the Wizard of Omaha Thanks to Berkshire’s success, Warren Buffett is giving away a fortune that just keeps growing Replay: March 28 Warren Watch chat Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Local Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Weather 44° 44° Low 39° High 48° Sun 45° 62° Mon 48° 57° Tue 46° 62° See complete forecast Severe weather alert NEVER MISS A STORY: GET THE PIX11 NEWS APP FOR IMPORTANT UPDATES THE PIX11 NEWSLETTER: GET THE LATEST UPDATES DELIVERED RIGHT TO YOUR INBOX ‘World’s strongest’ coffee makers boast ‘dangerously high’ caffeine levels Posted 9:58 PM, March 31, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email JACKSONVILLE, Ark. – A copperhead snake bit a man Friday inside an Arkansas Walmart store, according to KTHV. However, surveillance video later showed the man himself bringing the venomous snake into the store, a Walmart spokesperson told the station. No one else was injured, but the snake sighting caused pandemonium, according to customer Linda Moore Mathews, who snapped a photo of the reptile as it lay coiled in the middle of a produce aisle and posted it on Facebook. “Everyone was freaking out,” Mathews said. Another woman recorded video of a man finally catching the copperhead and placing it in a Walmart bag. The snake was de-fanged, which is usually done to snakes kept as pets, according to Jacksonville Animal Control, but the venomous glands weren’t removed. The man was taken to an area medical center for treatment according to KTHV; his condition is not yet known. In spring of 2016, a copperhead bit a customer in a North Carolina Lowe’s gardening department: Please enable Javascript to watch this video Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular April the giraffe: ‘it looks like we will have an April Fools baby’ Rikers Island jail facility will be closed, mayor says Brooklyn College student accepted to 11 medical schools shares her study tips IHOP waiter offered job after photo shows him helping disabled customer eat her meal Latest News Hundreds gather in Washington Square Park for annual pillow fight Was the New York Post app hacked? Mama June of ‘Here Comes Honey Boo Boo’ shows off new, thin look Ford recalling 53,000 trucks that can roll away while parked News Man bitten by viper in Staten Island: NYPD News Anaconda in apartment toilet startles Virginia resident News Python swallows Indonesian man whole, graphic video shows body being found News Man accused of spraying women with semen at Ohio Walmart News Texas beauty pageant contestants kill, skin snakes at world’s largest ‘rattlesnake roundup’ News Woman ‘almost crashed her car’ when snake slithered out of air vent News Missing newborn abducted from Florida hospital found 18 years later News 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears News LI man hangs American flag upside down to protest Trump’s presidency News Video shows woman being abducted from Cleveland store, police say Nation/World News Walmart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US News 4 questioned in ‘sickening’ Facebook Live video of man being tortured: Chicago police News Murder charges possible after Queens woman dies from bodega beatdown in October 2016 Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Chicago News WATCHDOGS: CTA bus crashes’ 2-year toll—5 dead, 1,000 hurt, $16M Business Donnie Kruse, ‘Chicago’s favorite barman,’ dead at 57 Business Sunday Sitdown: Ben Bornstein matches cancer victims to ‘angels’ Chicago Brown: Untold harm from buying guns legally in Indy to sell here ‘Dreamers’ could face choice: Stay, or go with deported parents Baseball John Dunlop, coached Thornwood High ’91 baseball champs, has died Chicago News Noble tried to poach from other charter schools, not just CPS Chicago CPD’s Johnson: 7 South Shore murders not random acts of violence Breaking Bob Dylan finally gets his hands on his Nobel Literature prize 41° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Autos Obits Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago News 04/01/2017, 12:00am Man charged with running online scam in Carpentersville Renato Munteanu, 30, was charged with multiple financial crimes Wednesday in Carpentersville | Carpentersville police Tom Schuba email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up A 30-year-old man was taken into custody Wednesday and charged with running at online scam in northwest suburban Carpentersville. Renato Munteanu used a fake Nevada driver’s license on Tuesday at a Walmart at 365 Lake Marian Rd. in Carpentersville to access $1,500 that was sent to a MoneyGram account as part of an online scam, according to Carpentersville police. Munteanu had no fixed address over the last few months, police said. On Tuesday, someone in North Carolina filed a complaint with Carpentersville police about a suspicious incident that took place at the Walmart, police said. She told police that she sent $1,500 to a MoneyGram account to purchase an item she had viewed on Craigslist, which was allegedly sold using eBay Buying Protection Services. Investigators requested video of the transaction on Tuesday, police said. The following day, a Walmart employee identified Munteanu when he returned to the store and alerted authorities. At the time of his arrest, Munteanu had two fake Nevada driver’s licenses in his possession, police said. In addition, police found computers and printers used for making fake IDs and more than $50,000 in cash in his rented vehicle. Munteanu was charged with continuing financial criminal enterprise, theft, two counts of issue or deliver forged document and two counts of possession or display fictitious ID card — all felonies. He was also charged with a misdemeanor count of possession of identification material hardware or software, police said. Munteanu’s bond was set at $400,000 Friday afternoon, police said. # Crime Carpentersville Previously from Chicago News 2 dead, 6 wounded in Chicago weekend shootings 14-year-old boy in custody in Facebook sex-assault case – Chicago Sun-Times Police: Woman sexually assaulted by 3 men in Albany Park 7 dead in 3 separate shootings in South Shore neighborhood Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending chicago news 7 dead in 3 separate shootings in South Shore neighborhood chicago news 14-year-old boy in custody in Facebook sex-assault case – Chicago Sun-Times chicago news Police: Woman sexually assaulted by 3 men in Albany Park – Chicago Sun-Times chicago CPD's Johnson: 7 South Shore murders not random acts of violence chicago news 2 dead, 6 wounded in Chicago weekend shootings – Chicago Sun-Times CAPTION Post to Cancel
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 39° Share Man was decapitated after being killed By Elise Kaplan / Journal Staff Writer Published: Friday, March 31st, 2017 at 5:53pm Updated: Friday, March 31st, 2017 at 9:50pm A man's body was found decapitated and missing genitals behind the Walmart at Menaul and Wyoming early Saturday morning. (Roberto E. Rosales/Journal) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... Clifford Miller, 42. (Courtesy of the Tulsa World) ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — The Oklahoma man found decapitated and mutilated behind a northeast Albuquerque Wal-Mart last December was dead before his head was cut off, according to an autopsy report from the Office of the Medical Investigator. The report indicates 42-year-old Clifford Miller died from seven stab wounds to his torso, including multiple stab wounds to his back, abdomen and chest. His body also showed cuts and bruises and multiple smaller wounds. Miller, who friends say had moved to Albuquerque for work and who had become homeless when the work dried up, was originally from McAlester, Okla. Advertisement Continue reading Shortly after midnight on Dec. 17, a security guard found his naked body missing its head and genitals behind a Wal-Mart on Wyoming near Menaul NE. His gruesome death shocked the city and made national news. Police said at the time they didn’t believe he was killed at the Wal-Mart but they wouldn’t say where they believe he was slain. They didn’t announce any suspects. More than three months later, detectives don’t have any more details about the case, according to Albuquerque police spokesman Fred Duran. But an autopsy released Friday gives a couple of additional clues to the circumstances surrounding Miller’s death. The report showed that Miller had used marijuana before he was killed and had enough alcohol in his system to possibly be unconscious. It also showed that he had sperm on his left leg that could belong to him or his assailant. The Office of the Medical Investigator did not return phone calls requesting more information. Duran also did not answer when asked if the DNA was Miller’s or if it pointed to another person. “Any evidence collected will be processed at the lab if this is possible depending on what evidence could be collected and will be turned over to detectives,” Duran wrote in an email. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe ABQnews Seeker Albuquerque News Crime News Suggested Stories: Homeless man held in Cruces stabbing death – Nov 23, 2013 Discovery of mutilated corpse mystifies authorities – Dec 19, 2016 Decapitated man was from Oklahoma; Investigators seeking more info on his death – Dec 20, 2016 Friend: Man found decapitated outside ABQ Wal-Mart was homeless – Dec 21, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Services ▸ Home and Lifestyle Services ▸ Netflix vs. VUDU (comparison) Home and Lifestyle Services Netflix vs. VUDU (comparison) Kristie Bertucci Updated August 3, 2015 Shares Looks like Netflix has more competition as VUDU emerges as an up-and-coming player in the movie rental biz. Both offer instant streaming movies, but Netflix requires a membership while VUDU is more of on-demand service. Both have loads of titles and releases, but which one is best for you? Read on to find out! Background Netflix has become the No. 1 provider of on-demand Internet streaming media and DVD-by-mail rental programs. Membership for Netflix includes either a DVD-by-mail rental program or unlimited streaming, with the option to have both for a higher membership fee. VUDU only provides an Internet streaming media option that features on-demand service so you only pay for what you watch, making it a video-on-demand program. User Friendly Netflix members will find that it’s quite easy to rent DVDs by mail or watch streaming movies, TV shows and more. Once you sign up online, whenever you want a movie, you go online and search for the movie title/show name and begin watching (that is if you have streaming membership). Those who have only DVD rentals choose their “wish list” and then get movies mailed to them. With no due dates, users can keep movies as long as they want before returning and starting all over again with their next desired movie. With VUDU, you get to stream directly to your VUDU-friendly device any time you’d like to watch movies. Just connect your HDTV, Blu-ray player, computer, or PlayStation 3/Xbox360 to the Internet and select VUDU as an option. Sign up for a free account and then browse through their selection of titles and then watch. You only pay per movie since it’s on-demand based. Winner: Tie since both are fairly easy to use. All you need is the Internet and you’re on your way to movie enjoyment! Compatible Devices Netflix offers quite a wide variety of compatible devices users can choose from. Its streaming service is available on devices, including: Xbox 360, PS3, Wii, iOS devices, some Android-based phones and tablets, the Windows phone, a few Internet-connected Blu-ray players and even some Internet-connected HTDTVs, TiVo or Roku, D-Link, home theater systems form the likes of Panasonic, LG, Sony, Samsung and Insignia. A great perk is that you can easily connect multiple devices to one account and then jump from device to device, while still leaving off at the same point you did on the last device. VUDU also has a bunch of devices where its services will work, such as PS3, Xbox 360 (it requires an Xbox LIVE Gold Membership, though), computers (PS and MAC) and even Apple’s iPad.  VUDU also asserts that it’s “available on virtually every Internet-connected Blu-ray player and HDTV on the market.” Winner: Netflix, obviously, offer more compatible devices so it’s a no brainer here! Titles Everybody knows that Netflix has quite the assortment of titles in its service. With more than 100,000 movies and TV shows on DVD and Blu-ray (even unrated and NC-17 ones) and “tens of thousands” of titles available for streaming (both TV and movies, along with many HD options), users can find old favorites and discover new ones.  VUDU users have access to 20,000 titles (and growing), including titles the same day they hit DVD. VUDU also claims it has the “most HD titles on demand” with more being added weekly. Their biggest claim to fame against Netflix is that they offer titles faster than Netflix would, stating that it takes Netflix 28 days later to have a new release on DVD and up to seven years for it to hit its streaming service. Winner: VUDU wins here since it offers new releases a lot faster than Netflix. Membership Perks VUDU was bought by Walmart back in July and this provided a huge step for the company as it launched VUDU streaming directly on Walmart.com for instant viewing. VUDU also offers a $5 credit for newcomers and offers HDX quality that makes viewing just like it is in the movie theater, featuring 1080p True Digital video and rich Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound. Users can now also use the website of America’s largest retailer as yet another outlet. Netflix allows for a month’s free trial so that new users can test out the service. Winner: Since Netflix offers unlimited streaming along with DVD rentals, there is a bit more bang for buck, and wins here. Content Netflix’s ability to land some big deals with movie companies has afforded them a wide assortment of content, from TV shows to movies. Since they’ve landed some pretty good content deals, users will find a great selection of TV shows from the likes of CBS, ABC, FOX, NBC and BBC libraries. Deals with Sony, NBC Universal and DreamWorks Animation (which is exclusive, but doesn’t start until 2013) also provide a large variety of content. But VUDU also scored some major content deals, too! They’ve been able to establish content licensing contracts with all major movie studios, as well as more than 50 smaller and indie studios, and that means a large library that might not be as large as Netflix, but is definitely on its way there. Winner: Netflix steals it here by having a wide assortment of TV shows and older movies that can’t be so easily found nowadays. Speed of Service VUDU’s minimum speed requirements for its services is: 480p: 1 Mbps for SD; 720p: 2.25 Mbs for HD; and 1080p: 4.5 Mbps for HDX. Netflix recommends that its users have a minimum speed of 500 kbps (0.5 MB) to get maximum results for its service. Winner: Tie Quality VUDU offers movies in HDX, which delivers the highest quality true High Definition 1080p content available from any Internet, broadcast or satellite on-demand service. It also provides rich Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound and offers many HD titles. Netflix also has HD movies and is capable of streaming 1080p video. Winner: VUDU’s had the edge with its HDX and 7.1-channel surround. Limitations Netflix users saw a price hike for using both streaming and DVD-by-mail rentals, which many might consider a limitation. Since VUDU’s services are on a per-movie basis, you can easily rack up a high tab if you go movie crazy. Winner: Netflix has less limitations for the money; they just offer more. Price Netflix charges $7.99 for unlimited streaming movies OR unlimited one-disc at a time rental service ($11.99 for 2 unlimited). For those that want both, they’ll have to dish out $15.98 a month. Netflix also offers Blu-ray discs for an additional $2 a month. Unlike Netflix, VUDU is s available without a monthly subscription or contract with some movies available to rent for just $2 for 2 nights. But some movies can cost up to $5 a pop (HDX is the most expensive option, but usually it’s SD for $3.99 and HD for $4.99). You can also opt to purchase the video and this various per movie. Winner: Netflix’s monthly charge doesn’t look so bad compared to VUDU’s per-movie charge. Overall Winner Netflix wins! VUDU might be quickly crouching on Netflix’s tail, but it still hasn’t overtaken the popular movie rental service. Its low monthly fee and numerous titles proves it can’t be beat! Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Kristie Bertucci Kristie Bertucci is an L.A.-based writer, who can't live without her MacBook Pro. When she's not writing, she's either reading or shopping (online, of course) and loves lazy days so she can catch up on her DVR-recorded shows and movies. She's definitely a Mac girl, she loves music and is currently on a mission to to have an insane and enviable iTunes library. Sponsored Content Related Posts Redbox vs. VUDU (comparison) Netflix vs. Hulu Plus: The Rematch in 2014 (comparison) 8 Reasons Why Amazon Prime is Worth $99 (review) Hulu Can’t Commit, Flightily Returns To Its Current Owners 18 Netflix Movies for Mother’s Day (list) Spotify Platform Adds Apps for Music Fans 27 Comments to Netflix vs. VUDU (comparison) David Mead Sr. on Total ripoff. Rental movies are continually interrupted for downloading. Very aggregating. I wanted my money back. Too bad. Good selection of movies. – but no good if they are continually interrupted. Reply SwampGator89 on Vudu sucks. I will never use Vudu again and recommend that nobody does. I actually purchased several movies from Vudu and the buffering throughout one movie was so bad, I couldn’t watch it (but had no problems with Fantango, Apple TV, Hulu, Netflix). I tried contacting Vudu to get a refund but Vudu makes it impossible to get in tough with it for any reason. So I challenged the charge through my credit card company who got no response from Vudu as well (Vudu was given every opportunity to respond, but just ignored it). So my credit card company refunded me the charge for the 1 movie purchased that I couldn’t watch, and Vudu responded by suspending my account so I can’t watch any of the 8 other movies purchased from Vudu. It’s fraud and I’ll be taking the appropriate action against Vudu. Reply Lee on I will never ever again use VUDU…I signed up with VUDU last year and received a coupon code. I then used it to watch a movie. With in less than a minute I realized that I’ve already seen the movie so I then immediately turned it off and called VUDU to see if there was anything that can be done since I didn’t watch the movie. I was advised that they would give me the credit back to my acct. since I didn’t watch the movie. I was very pleased to hear this. I really don’t use VUDU often so a couple of months later I ordered a show from VUDU expecting it to use my code, instead it used my PayPal acct. I called VUDU, spoke to the rudest supervisor who basically called me a liar. Not only did she say that I never received a credit but also told me that I never ordered the movie from them. I will never again use VUDU & I will advise everyone against using them as well. Reply shadoe on The most stupid article I’ve ever read. Vudu wins always cause they have tons of new releases and lots of more movie and TV availability. If you buy something on vudu, its yours to keep. Where on Netflix, you can’t do that. matter fact Netflix be removing TV shows and movies and vudu doesn’t. Netflix is for broke people who don’t wanna pay for movies, so they just watch whatever’s available. you could connect vudu with amazon and Disney anywhere. You can’t do that with Netflix. Who ever wrote this article must be a Netflix fan boy.. Never compare vudu with Netflix. go do some more research before writing a article. Reply Dennis on Actually, Vudu loses hands down. For less than the price of two streamed movies in HD from Vudu, I can have a new DVD everyday from Netflix for a month. Thirty vs two. Duh. Reply Venod on *****BEWARE the RENT IS ONLY JUST 24 HRS. My Money so wasted I purchased 2 days before I could watch. ***** Reply Jpnh on I’m surprised no one has gone more into availability of content. Netflix will add or drop shows seemingly on a whim. If I see something available, I always want it available. That’s where I like Vudu, where once I buy content I can feel confident that I will always have access to it. Reply SortingHat on Wow! I guess it’s not autism that makes me not like unknowns. I was always wondering the differences and I guess that wins it for me having Vudu be more stable then Netflix on what it offers even though you pay as you go which is good if you only watch movies once in a while. Reply Eruc on I’d be curious to know how these services stack up against each other today, two years after this comparison was made. Anyone know or willing to put it to the test? Reply Bobsk8 on Vudu, you need 2.25 MBS for HD, I don’t get that on my DSL. I have no problem watching HD on Netflix. Reply Conor James on I think Vudu actually should win the compadiable devices catagory, since you can download the movies you bought to devices such as the ipad, allowing you to watch your movie without an internet connection. Reply Stephen Riss on You are drop dead goregous!!! Reply Bridget on Netflix is good for the day to day movie/tv watching. I dont have cable and use a combination of Netflix/ HuluPlus/ Network TV. When I want to rent a movie I use Vudu/ Amazon depending on who has the cheapest rental fee. Vudu is JUST another option for having a cable like experience without the cable like price. VERY budget friendly and you can watch the movie as many times as you want in a time period. Reply SortingHat on We used to use Amazon but recently their player has screwed up and now want to charge 100$ a year after a few times of watching it. But that aside their player is one to be desired. If you like to rewind movies you can only do it 2 times or it will freeze up requiring the *player* to be shut down in a control alt del way and forced to turn on the movie all over again and have to find where you left off. If you like captioning it will say *On* and their onboard captions do not work. :( I like captioning as I don’t keep up with fast paced movies very well. Reply Vudu Convert on I was a long time netflix user. The availability of new titles is what killed it for me. I just signed up for Vudu today. I like how they will offer newer titles way faster than netflix. If people are honest they will agree netflix has way more movies but the majority of them are ones you wouldn’t watch anyway. You will find yourself wanting to watch recent releases while netflix shugs their shoulders LOL! Reply sledge hammer on my xbox live ran out today,and yet my vudu is on thru the xbox right now.netflix wont even let you in to browse without the xbox live.although it may be cuz i have digital copies and movies i already own in the vudu service. Reply Johnny on Very nice summation. Thanks Kristie Johnny A Reply johnny on Very nice summation – Thanks Kristie Johnny A Reply Tango on minor problem with netflix, they usually only have season one maybe season two of a show and the rest of the seasons are never available. I have to watch them on Hulu plus. Reply Big Michael Kank on Really nice review, i learned alot of it, thank you. Reply My4prnsses on Why pay for each rental individually with Vudu, unless you RARELY use it.  For those of us who are tired of the cable and satellite prices, Netflix is the answer.  If I want to watch network shows, they are available to watch for free.  The only reason I ever use Vudu is if I want to watch a new release because it is cheap-unless I rent from Redbox for $1.29. Reply shadoe on You sound broke Reply mike kahk on U type like a n1993r. Reply Biggmike40 on Kristie is gorgeous Reply Bluesaltyocean99 on who wants to pay per movie on Vudu…I have been a member of Netflix since it started, I have the cheapest plan…less than $16.00 a month for unlimited streaming movies…I think it is the better deal… Reply Gadget Gator on Depends on if you want better quality or not. The VUDU videos are amazingly good and start up instantly. They have a growing selection of 3d titles as well which look great. Also for someone that only watches a movie once in awhile, the VUDU option would be more cost effective. It just depends on how much content you consume and what quality you want it. Reply Angelina Stevens on Vudu will be bought by Google in the near future. That’s been predicted and it’ll be better. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,353 Fans 13,711 Subscribers 11,314 Followers Top Home and Lifestyle Service Reviews Netflix vs. Hulu Plus: The Rematch in 2014 (comparison) 6 More Obscure HBO Shows To Start Streaming From Prime (List) DISH Customers Can Nix Annoying Wires With The Wireless Joey Want HBO Without Cable? It's Possible! Google Play Reportedly Offers One-Time Free Nexus 5 Replacement Best Amazon Prime Review YouTube Creates New Home For Your Favorite Music Videos, Reveals Monthly Subscription Service (video) HBO Standalone Streaming Due in Time for Game of Thrones Premiere Netflix App Now Available with Dish Network Sling TV Review: An Internet TV Solution That Simply Works What is Hulu Plus? 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord Netflix vs. Amazon Prime vs. Hulu Plus Sling TV Adds AMC To Lineup, Launches Today Bond: Send Hand-Written Letters/Cards Without Hand Cramps HBO Go Hits the PS4, Well Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Dish and DirecTV Channel Guide HBO Now Available Through Apple Devices, Starting April 10 Reasons to Get Hulu Plus Dish Network Updates Dish Anywhere App with Personalization Features Amazon Prime Now 1-Hour Delivery Heads to Dallas Sling TV Gets HBO Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Spotify Offers Video, Podcasts, and More in Massive Update Showtime Standalone Service Arrives in July, Cheaper than HBO 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord AT&T Offers New DIRECTV Services with its Wireless Plans Amazon Prime Now Allows Movie And TV Downloads LG Offers Free Smart TV Upgrade, DirecTV Services for Sept. 21st DISH Network Review, A Hands On Experience DISH Network and DirecTV Channel Guide Comcast Testing Unlimited Data For $35 a Month Comcast's Stream TV Doesn't Affect Data Caps: Will the FCC Ban It? Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime April 1, 2017 5:06 PM 2 women allegedly used counterfeit bills to purchase items at Benner Pike Wal-Mart, police say State College police are seeking information on two women suspected of using counterfeit bills to purchase items at the Benner Pike Wal-Mart on March 16. Photo provided i By CDT staff reports LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story State College police are seeking information on two women suspected of using counterfeit money on March 16 to purchase items from the Benner Pike Wal-Mart in College Township. According to police, the two women, described as black with black hair, entered Wal-Mart at about 10:15 p.m. One woman was reported as having a medium build, and to have been wearing a black jacket, jeans and brown shoes at the time. The other woman was wearing a black jacket with a fur-lined hood, jeans and black boots, and with hair either pulled back or short, the report said. Anyone with information is encourage to contact police at 234-7150; by emailing police@statecollegepa.us; or submitting an anonymous tip through police website. From CDT staff reports Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:47 Penn State freshman improvises 'If I Ain’t Got You' Pause 0:19 State College's Noah Woods talks about being named All-State in football 2:32 Justice League 0:51 Here's an easier way to peel tomatoes 1:34 Healthy Campus Week at NC State State University 8:54 Last Word: Arnold Palmer 2:28 Former Penn State administrators 'turned their backs' on child sex abuse, AG says 1:33 James Franklin explains what cost Penn State the Rose Bowl 1:26 Watch highlights from Penn State's win 0:08 EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 1:19 a day ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 0:08 a month ago EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:26 3 months ago Police respond to reported shooting View more video Crime 2 women allegedly used counterfeit bills to purchase items at Benner Pike Wal-Mart, police say Bellefonte dentist charged with rape of an unconscious person, kidnapping Man allegedly flees from police after high-speed chase Man pleads to felony trademark counterfeiting Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sunday, April 2, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Raiders/NFL Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball NCAA Basketball MMA/UFC NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Golf Shriners Open Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Jobs at the RJ Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Entertainment » Arts & Culture UNLV festival, in its 30th...10 picks for art in Las...     Posted April 1, 2017 - 11:58am Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magicvideo_7887954_0.mov Scott Land, owner of Team Land Productions, is keeping marionettes alive in Vegas in a changing entertainment world. (Rachel Aston/Las Vegas Review-Journal) Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic The interior of Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, manipulates a belly dancing marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic A belly dancing marionette modeled after Angelina Jolie at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic A belly dancing marionette modeled after Angelina Jolie at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, manipulates a marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions manipulates a marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions manipulates a marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic A juggling marionette modeled after Gilbert Gottfried at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Various marionette heads sit in a glass case at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic The interior of Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic An unfinished marionette at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic The workstation of Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Puppets on display at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, manipulates a belly dancing marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, manipulates a marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic An interior detail at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, manipulates a marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Two frog puppets sit on a couch at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic A clown marionette head sits in a glass case at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic A belly dancing marionette modeled after Angelina Jolie at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic The workstation of Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions, at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic The interior of Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions manipulates a marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Scott Land, master puppeteer and owner of Team Land Productions works on the facial details of an unfinished marionette at his company's warehouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic Marionettes at Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam Las Vegas puppeteer still showing the marionette magic The exterior of Team Land Productions in Las Vegas on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. (Miranda Alam/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @miranda_alam By Carol Cling Las Vegas Review-Journal You wouldn’t expect to find Donald Trump hanging around in an office park near McCarran International Airport, but there he is. So is his White House predecessor, Barack Obama. Opponent Hillary Clinton, too — sporting a Wal-Mart vest that matches the one worn by John McCain after he lost to Obama in 2008. More familiar faces emerge from the crowd, from Josh “Chopper” Towbin, reality TV’s “King of Cars,” to the King of Pop himself, Michael Jackson. The real Jackson died in June 2009, of course. But he — and dozens of other characters, real and imagined — live on in marionette form, thanks to master puppeteer Scott Land, who rules over a strings-attached land populated by the meticulously (and sometimes ridiculously) crafted characters he’s brought to life. Land’s Trump puppet, for example, was commissioned by Vanity Fair magazine — before the 2016 election — and starred in its online video series “Hail to the Trump.” Audiences around town — and around the world — have seen Land pull the strings on a variety of characters at casinos and clubs and aboard cruise ships. And those who recall 2004’s “Team America: World Police” — the irreverent puppet-powered movie from “South Park” (and “Book of Mormon”) creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone — caught Land’s act as the lead puppeteer who provided the performances for dozens of marionette characters, including real-life figures from Michael Moore to Kim Jong Il. From Hollywood to Vegas At the time, Land was a full-time Southern California resident, acting in commercials and pursuing puppetry — exactly as he’d been doing since 1985. But in 2008, “everything changed,” he notes. And he’s not just talking about the Great Recession. “Everything went digital,” which meant puppeteers “were no longer needed,” Land explains. And that meant he and wife, Lisa, who paints all the puppets he builds, no longer needed to deal with two-hour Southern California freeway commutes. “I loved it for 28 of 32 years,” says Land. He and Lisa bought a condominium in Las Vegas in 2010 and decided to rent out their Southern California home. “Once you live here, why would I go back to L.A.?” he says. It’s “not a place for an artist to survive.” Besides, Las Vegas is a more natural fit for the variety artists — magicians, jugglers and the like — Land calls his best friends. Marionette magic As a kid growing up in Redlands, California, Land began his showbiz career in the local YMCA circus. Starting at age 9, he learned how to clown, juggle, walk the tightrope, swing from a trapeze, and ride a unicycle. “I started off as a magician,” he recalls. But once he found out that he could buy tricks, making them “all the same,” puppets piqued his interest. The circus’ lead clown introduced Land to marionettes. But watching Baker performing with his own marionette troupe inspired the young Land to “spend the whole summer in the library” — because it had air conditioning,” he jokes — learning about the craft. At 12, Land started performing at kids’ birthday parties as a clown, juggler, balloon sculptor and puppeteer. (He earned $10 for an hourlong performance.) At 16, he won the part of a circus performer and puppeteer in a Mountain Dew TV ad. During his college years (as a psychology major at UCLA), puppetry financed his education. As a UCLA freshman, Land landed a job with his childhood hero, Baker, building puppets and working as lead puppeteer. During his subsequent career, Land added hand-puppet manipulation to his skills, thanks to former Muppeteer Michael Earl (“Sesame Street’s” Mr. Snuffleupagus). Working with Baker taught Land an important lesson: “Don’t own a theater. Otherwise, you’re a theater owner.” Variety On Strings Instead, Land takes his show, “Variety on Strings,” to other people’s venues. The cast members range from the aforementioned Trump puppet to Fatima, a belly dancer with “Angelina Jolie’s face and Rihanna’s body,” their creator explains. A juggler marionette inspired by comedian Gilbert Gottfried has 17 strings, controlling his mouth, eyes, hands, legs, eyebrows, tongue (which he can stick out at impudent moments) and two juggling balls. “His head has a lot going on,” Land observes. “And at the tail end, his pants come down.” At least the marionette juggler has pants. That’s more than we can say for another character, Happy Pants the Clown, whose let-it-all-hang-out personality makes him a hit at nightclubs. “When I was a kid, everything was squeaky clean,” notes the 55-year-old marionette master. “Young people today like dirty puppets.” A ‘dying art form’ lives Whatever kind of puppet Land’s bringing to life, “he has a different style than anybody else,” says comedian Bob Rumba, who recently taught a voice session at one of the three-times-a-year workshops Team Land presents. Land is “extremely talented and detailed — and he understands the soul of the characters,” says Strip magician David Copperfield, who’s hired Land to make “some things for me” (for his museum-quality private collection that includes such TV treasures as Paul Winchell’s marionettes and Shari Lewis’ puppets). Scott and Lisa Land “have another talent that really helps — the sculpting and the characters themselves look really great,” Copperfield adds, resulting in “a wonderful combination” of artistry in creation and performance. That combination may be a relic of the past, Land acknowledges. “Sadly, it’s a dying art form,” he says. “Live entertainment isn’t important anymore, because everything is digitally produced.” Yet “my form of entertainment connects people,” Land adds. And touches them, too, as when audiences see his sad-faced balloon clown and “I hear the audience crying,” Land says of a recent cruise-ship performance. “People want to talk to you about the clown,” and “a theatrical experience that brought you back to when you were a kid.” Contact Carol Cling at ccling@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0272. Follow @CarolSCling on Twitter. UNLV festival, in its 30th...10 picks for art in Las...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Winds down power lines, flip semitrucks and ground flights in Las Vegas — PHOTOS Cleanup begins as winds continue to whip Southern Nevada Las Vegas high school volleyball coach accused of having sex with student Carolyn Goodman: Let’s just move the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign Caesars begins charging some guests for self-parking at Las Vegas properties Columnists Features Charles Krauthammer COMMENTARY: Is the United States headed toward a single-payer health care system?   Steve Sebelius Both parties, both houses: Nevada leaders back Clark County School District reorganization bill   Ed Graney Zach Collins shines on the brightest of stages, leads Gonzaga to national final   KATS! The D dealing tickets; ‘Mayor of the Strip’ amasses followers   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR SUN 2 MON 3 TUE 4 WED 5 THU 6 FRI 7 SAT 8 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Missing Teen Elizabeth Thomas And Alleged Abductor Seen At A Walmart Missing Teen Elizabeth Thomas And Alleged Abductor Seen At A Walmart Duration: 01:04s - Published: 1 day ago< > Embed Missing Tennessee teenager Elizabeth Thomas, age 15 And accused kidnapper Tad Cummins, age 50 Were spotted hundreds of miles away At a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15th This is the first confirmed sighting of the pair on the run The Walmart photos show Cummins darkened his hair and beard And Elizabeth's hair is now red Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokesman Josh DeVine said "No solid information about their current whereabouts" The teen has been missing since March 13th 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Amber Alert: Sighting of missing teen, teacher at Oklahoma Walmart confirmedThe Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says there has been a confirmed sighting of Amber Alert teen... FOXNews.com 2 days ago - US You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bob Dylan Current Topics Gonzaga North Carolina Championship Facebook Colombia Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Donald Trump Signed a Bill To Boost NASA's Exploration Funding - But Elon Musk Isn't Too Optimistic Ronaldo's Had a Bust Unveiled - And Twitter Went Wild Early Opinions Are In On The New Pirates Of The Caribbean Movie - And They're Very Good Indeed Is Trump Ready To Sell YOUR Internet Browsing Data? Brexit Begins - Theresa May Launches Article 50 Would You Pay To Tweet? Social Media Giant Considering Paid Memberships The Force Is Strong With This Pop Star MOVIE REVIEW: Power Rangers Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Amber Alert update: Tad Cummins' wife files for divorce amid Elizabeth Thomas search Amber Alert video: Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins seen on Oklahoma Wal-Mart video Print Email Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com By Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 01, 2017 at 9:22 AM, updated April 01, 2017 at 9:29 AM comments The wife of Tad Cummins, the man accused of abducting Elizabeth Thomas, has filed for divorce in Tennessee, one of two states in which the husband is the subject of Amber Alerts. Jill Cummins, who has publicly asked her husband to turn himself in and bring Thomas home, filed for divorce Friday after more than 31 years of marriage, WKRN reported. Jill Cummins accuses her husband of "inappropriate marital conduct" and says irreconcilable differences have arisen in the marriage, according to documents obtained by the Tennessee TV station. Tad Cummins, 50, is an ex-teacher wanted in Tennessee for having sexual contact with Thomas, 15, who was his student at Culleoka Unit School in Maury County, Tennessee. Tad Cummins and Thomas have been missing since March 13. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation on Friday released video footage and images that show Cummins and Thomas at a Wal-Mart store in Oklahoma City. The images were captured on March 15 -- just two days after the disappearances. Before TBI was alerted to the video on Thursday, the last confirmed locations were from the day of the abduction, when Thomas was seen in Columbia, Tennessee and Cummins was placed in Decatur, Alabama later that afternoon. Amber Alerts remain active in Alabama and Tennessee. Investigators have said Cummins lured and groomed Thomas before the abduction. The ex-teacher also had been researching "teen marriage" and whether police could track his vehicle, a silver Nissan Rogue. While images and video captured at the Oklahoma Wal-Mart show Cummins and Thomas had changed their appearances since the abduction, authorities aren't sure if the two still are traveling in the same vehicle. Authorities haven't declared an Amber Alert in Oklahoma. But, that's likely because there's no specific information to suggest the two still are in the state, an official said. Although Cummins was caught kissing Thomas in his classroom nearly two months before the kidnapping, he wasn't fired by the school system until the day after the abduction. The school system maintains it didn't violate policy in the case, though a new task force has been formed to evaluate and improve parental notification policies and checks and balances. Read more about that here. Earlier this week, Inside Edition aired an interview with a former student of Cummins, who says the man wrote her a love song years ago. Destany Parrish told the news magazine Cummins played the song for her in the school's music room. Parrish said as Cummins played the piano and sang, she began recording. Tennessee authorities are asking the public to share information about the Amber Alert with anyone they know south of the U.S. border. Police in Mexico have been notified of the case. And while authorities don't have any information specifically linking Cummins and Thomas to Mexico, they say its possible the two are anywhere at this point. Brent Cooper, the Maury County, Tennessee District Attorney said at a news conference earlier this week that Cummins' knowledge of the Bible could make it possible for the man to pose as a missionary in Mexico or countries in South America. The Amber Alert poster has been translated into Spanish. We've translated our #TNAMBERAlert information into Spanish in an effort to reach even more people. Feel free to pass this along! pic.twitter.com/7bIa7fjW2M -- TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 29, 2017 In the U.S., the public is encouraged to remain vigilant and actively help police look for Thomas and Cummins -- particularly in secluded or off-the-grid areas. Police urge the public to be vigilant in parking garages and large lots, campgrounds, parks and other places where the two could be staking out. Hunters are asked to watch for any signs of Thomas and Cummins. As of Friday, TBI had received more than 1,200 tips, though only the video footage from Oklahoma has been confirmed as a sighting. Thomas is a white female possibly with red hair and hazel eyes. She is 5 feet and weighs about 120 pounds. Cummins, believed to be armed with multiple guns, is a white male with brown hair and eyes. He is six feet and about 200 pounds. They may be traveling in a silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT. Anyone with information is asked to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Anyone who sees Cummins, Thomas or the vehicle should call 911. Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Kroger has a new plan that should terrify Walmart and Target Hayley Peterson Apr. 1, 2017, 9:22 AM 587,180 facebook linkedin twitter email print Business Insider Kroger is going after Target and Walmart by expanding a new type of store featuring home goods, clothing, and kitchen appliances. The store, called Kroger Marketplace, features nearly everything you would find in a Target or Walmart store, but with a greater focus on groceries, alcohol, and prepared foods. The company says Marketplace is one of its "primary growth formats of the future" — in other words, it's expanding rapidly. Kroger has nearly 3,000 stores, more than 120 of which are Marketplace stores. We went to three Marketplace stores in the Richmond, Virginia, area to check them out. Here's what we found. View As: One Page Slides The store is massive. This image shows only one-quarter of the front of the buildings. Kroger Marketplace stores are typically 100,000 to 145,000 square feet — which is about three-quarters of the size of a Walmart Supercenter. Business Insider Stepping inside, shoppers are greeted by the fresh-produce department. Business Insider It's one of the biggest departments in the entire store, and it's meticulously organized. Business Insider Starbucks is nearby so you can grab a drink before you shop. Business Insider Just beyond the produce department, there are several prepared-food counters like this one, where three chefs are behind the counter rolling sushi. Business Insider The "fresh meals" kitchen features all kinds of customizable dishes, including pizza, sandwiches, and burrito bowls made to order. Business Insider Some pizzas are pre-made, but you can customize anything. Business Insider Here's a closer look at part of the menu. Business Insider You can order your food using touch-screen kiosks. Business Insider Or grab it to go from the salad bar. Business Insider There are self-checkout registers near the prepared food counters so people grabbing lunch or dinner don't have to wait in long lines. Business Insider The store also cuts down on lines by setting out freshly sliced deli meat to go. Business Insider There's a drink bar if you're dining in ... Business Insider ... and the dine-in seating area features flat-screen televisions, a fireplace, and lounge chairs. Business Insider Back in the main part of the store, there's a giant wine selection that stretches across four aisles. This department features 500 types of beer and nearly 2,000 types of wine. Business Insider There's also a wine bar with craft beers on tap. Business Insider Here's a closer look at the wine bar. Business Insider The bakery has some cool gadgets like this self-service bread slicer. Business Insider Like everything else in this store, the meat department is huge. Business Insider Check out that meat selection. It goes on forever. Business Insider There are all kinds of kitchen appliances ... Business Insider ... from standing mixers and microwaves to mini refrigerators and blenders. Business Insider The store even offers a selection of home goods. Business Insider There are lots of decorative items like picture frames and vases ... Business Insider ... as well as more useful things like silverware sets and cutting boards. Business Insider One aisle is devoted to towels and bathroom accessories, such as soap dispensers and trash cans. Business Insider Stylish pillows and baskets are for sale ... Business Insider ... and there's a small selection of rugs. Business Insider A few aisles are stocked with college-dorm decorations. Business Insider Futons and bean-bag chairs are featured. Business Insider The fashion department offers clothes and accessories. It's nearly the same size as the produce department. Business Insider It offers back-to-school items like backpacks ... Business Insider ... and a large selection of sneakers, heeled shoes, and flip-flops. Business Insider Everything is affordable. Most pairs of shoes are under $20. Business Insider There are workout clothes, including sports bras and running shorts. Business Insider And more fashionable tops and dresses. Business Insider There's also an aisle devoted to accessories like scarves and handbags. Business Insider A fitting room is on site for anyone who wants to try the clothes on. Business Insider If you get tired while walking around the store (and you probably will) there are several benches to take a rest. Business Insider You can even buy a bike. Business Insider There's an emergency clinic offering healthcare ... Business Insider ... and a jewelry store. Business Insider There's also a toy department. Business Insider And on your way out, you can pick up some outdoor furniture. Business Insider SEE ALSO: McDonald's changed the recipe for its iconic Egg McMuffins — here's how they're made More: Features kroger Kroger Marketplace Target Retail facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Kroger has a new plan that should terrify Walmart and Target Kroger has a new plan that should terrify Walmart and Target Kroger is going after Target and Walmart by... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 1 - April 4 Posted:   04/01/2017 07:02:40 AM MDT Today, April 1 Sterling Community Health Fair — 7:30 to 11 a.m., Sterling Middle School, 1177 Pawnee Ave. Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. NJC 75th Anniversary Torch Run — 9 a.m. opening comments at Columbine Park, 9:30 a.m. Torch Walk starts, 11 a.m. closing ceremony at Dorothy Corsberg Theatre. Information: 970-521-6600. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. "No Follin.'" Cost: Adults $3, children 12 and under free with paying adult. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. NJC Auto Show — 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., North Campus. Rocker cover/pinewood races at 3 p.m. Cost $3 for adults, $2 for children 12 and under. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. Ray Mullen. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Advertisement NJC Casino Royale — 7 to 11:30 p.m., Hays Student Center Ballroom. Casino games, dancing, hors d'oeuvres and drinks. Cost $75 per ticket or 2 for $125. To purchase tickets or for more information visit www.njcfoundation.org or call 970-521-6603. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, April 2 NJC Auto Show — 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., North Campus. Cost $3 for adults, 42 for children 12 and under. Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, April 3 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center Northeast Colorado Health Department Walking Lunch — noon, Columbine Park. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Crafty Characters — 3:30 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. Logan County Citizens Oversight Committee — 5:30 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Carol Hedges, executive director of Colorado Fiscal Institute, "A-Z of Colorado Public School Financing." RE-1 Valley School Board — Sterling Public Library, following the Logan County Citizens Oversight Committee meeting. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, April 4 Breakfast at the Bistro — 7 to 9 a.m., 402 Main St. Carol Hedges, executive director of the Colorado Fiscal Institute, "Talking TABOR and State Finance." Buy your own breakfast. Hosted by Logan County Democratic Party. Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Saint Patrick's Circle — noon, Heritage Center. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. Encore Showing of 'Florence Foster Jenkins' — 2 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Master Chorale — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For men and women who like to sing. Call 522-5742. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Aggies hold blood drive Courtesy photoWhen the Northeastern Junior College (NJC) Aggies were approached by the Amanda Koubek from the American Red Cross, there was no question they were giving back.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Self-management program important to diabetes treatment Proctor Peppers meeting notes   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Both big-box retailers are making big changes. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Apr 1, 2017 at 8:11AM Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Target (NYSE:TGT) have recently begun to make major changes to their brands. The two retail giants are trying to transform their physical stores to better align with a customer base that's increasingly thinking digital first. It's a massive shift and both companies have different angles on tackling the problem. Deciding which stock is a better buy largely depends on whether you believe either has a chance to make the transformation. Both want to increase the use of their stores for pickups of online orders, returns, and, in many cases, as shipping points to facilitate faster delivery. Neither chain faces an easy road and both bump up against the giant shadow of Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). This is a long-term battle that won't play out quickly, but one of them seems to have an edge. Image source: YCharts. The case for Target Target stock has been going in the wrong direction for the past few months. That fall was caused by the company's disappointing holiday sales numbers, with same-store sales slumping by 1.5%. That overshadowed news in the chain's Q4 earnings report that comparable digital sales rose by 34% and store traffic was actually up slightly (0.2%). As with most retailers that turned in disappointing holiday sales, Target's stock price also tumbled. In my opinion, investors were more worried about the long-term prospects for physical retailers, though, than about Target's numbers. Going forward, however, the chain has what it called its "ambitious store redesign to date" in a press release, which quoted remarks CEO Brian Cornell made at the recent ShopTalk show in Las Vegas. "With our next generation of store design, we're investing to take the Target shopping experience to the next level by offering more elevated product presentations and a number of time-saving features," said Cornell. "The new design for this Houston store will provide the vision for the 500 reimagined stores planned for 2018 and 2019, with the goal of taking a customized approach to creating an enhanced shopping experience." The new stores will feature two entrances. One will be optimized to serve online customers picking up orders or making returns as well as people looking to quickly buy items for immediate use. The second will focus on fashion and exclusive Target lines. It's a bold change designed to embrace the idea that customers still need stores for some things -- buying a snack online is not useful if you are hungry now, for example -- but want to see digital and physical experiences that complement one another. As part of its transformation, Target is also opening smaller-format stores in city markets where its full-size locations were impractical. Wall-Mart has been growing its shipping capacity. Image source: Wal-Mart. The case for Wal-Mart Wal-Mart is doing many of the same things as Target to make its stores support its digital sales. It has gone a step further, however, in growing its online operations by spending $3.3 billion to buy Jet.com and then putting its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of its entire digital operation. That's a bold step, one that brings a different type of thinking to a traditional company. Lore has already shaken things up by eliminating Wal-Mart's $50 program that offered unlimited two-day shipping as an answer to Amazon Prime. Lore saw Amazon's lead and changed the program to offer free two-day shipping on any order of eligible items over $35. It's too early to know how that change will work, but Wal-Mart did post U.S. e-commerce growth of 29% in Q4. CEO Doug McMillion spoke abut those efforts in the company's earnings release. "We're moving with speed to become more of a digital enterprise and better serve customers," he said. Which is the better buy? While Target may also be successful, Lore's presence gives Wal-Mart, already the No. 2 online retailer in the U.S., an edge. Taking on Amazon is not easy for any company, but Wal-Mart's low prices and differentiated customer base give it a better chance. In a difficult retail market, both retailers are making smart moves to adapt to changing consumer behavior. Target and Wal-Mart understand that stores will have to be integrated into the digital experience for returns, pickups, and shipping. Exactly how well that will work remains to be seen. Wal-Mart has been the bolder of the two companies and that's what's needed to take on a rival like Amazon. Target's place -- and you can see it embracing it with the plan to go into city markets with smaller stores and its efforts to offer hip, exclusive fashion lines -- is to serve a more niche role. That may result in a solid business, but Wal-Mart's going after a bigger potential audience and Lore appears to be the one to help the company reach it. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Apr 1, 2017 at 8:11AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $886.54 up $10.20 (1.16%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $72.08 up $0.49 (0.68%) Target NYSE:TGT $55.19 down $0.06 (-0.11%) Read More What Costco's Inventory Turnover Says About Its Moat Target Is Thinking Small What Happened in the Stock Market Today Target Sales Slide but Shares Fly High Anyway 3 Reasons I Bought Target Stock This Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $TGT
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Since You Asked: Parking in wheelchair space without permit illegal Saturday Apr 1, 2017 at 12:01 AM The handicapped signs in the Walmart parking lot say wheelchair user only. Is this enforced? I've seen more than once someone alone in a vehicle park there and move quite easily into a store without using a wheelchair. Is this just a suggestion, or a rule to be ticketed for? — A.E., via email The signs are not just suggestions, A.E., and drivers can be ticketed for parking there, though we have to agree with you that many people seem to ignore the threat of a ticket. Those spaces are reserved for disabled people who have an official "Wheelchair User" placard or decal, according to Oregon Revised Statutes.  There are two kinds of disabled parking spaces in Oregon — traditional disabled parking spaces and ones newly created in 2008 for wheelchair parking only. Different types of placards are issued for the spaces. Disabled people without wheelchairs cannot legally park in the wheelchair-only spaces. People who park there illegally face a Class C violation, which carries a minimum fine of $80, a presumptive fine of $160 and a maximum fine of $500 under Oregon law. In addition, violators can have their vehicles towed and a lien can be placed on a vehicle. A vehicle can also be sold, according to Oregon law. Repeat violators can face even higher fines. — Send questions to "Since You Asked," Mail Tribune Newsroom, P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501; by fax to 541-776-4376; or by email to youasked@mailtribune.com. We're sorry, but the volume of questions received prevents us from answering all of them. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Community News & Views 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Crime-courts Suisun City police investigate robbery at Walmart By Daily Republic staff From page A4 | April 01, 2017 SUISUN CITY — Police are investigating an armed robbery at the local Walmart. The robbery was reported at approximately 6:24 p.m. The store was locked down and evacuated but later reopened. Police said no one was injured. Suspect last seen running north of Walmart. The bandit was reportedly armed with a gun. No information was released about the financial loss. Anyone with information about the robbery is asked to call 421-7373. Information can be reported anonymously to Solano CrimeStoppers at 644-7867. Reach the Daily Republic newsroom at 425-4646. Daily Republic staff Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | 19 comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Fires Waiting To BurnApril 01, 2017 - 1:12 am I believe that one of the items stolen may have been a wheelchair the article does not make this clear and I need more informationReply Report abusive comment EGApril 01, 2017 - 10:55 am Your so dumb and stupid all you comment is about wheelchairs. Get a lofe!!Reply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 01, 2017 - 12:56 pm I'm sure English is your first language for which I am sure you failed in school. Perhaps you should take a few more rides on the short bus for some remedial grammar and spelling classesReply Report abusive comment JagApril 01, 2017 - 12:23 pm Suspect last seen running, If a chair was taken the story would have said Suspect last seen rolling.... lolReply Report abusive comment KelseyApril 01, 2017 - 1:14 am I was one of the first people to exit the back of the store. It was so not fun to be there. Shortly after police arrived, a Walmart employee informed a group of about 10 of us that made it safely out of the building and on to the sidewalk away from the store, that they were given an all clear. My mother-in-law, daughter, and I were ones who did not go back onto Walmart property. We walked toward a cop car which had blocked the street and the officer informed us that nothing had been secured yet and no one was to go in or out,parking lot or otherwise. Very scary business. It could have been a disaster.. thank you to the men and women who quickly responded and I am so happy no one was majorly injured (that I have heard.)Reply Report abusive comment See Something Film ItApril 01, 2017 - 4:50 am @Kelsey-WOW. That is Super Scary. I'm so glad yourself, your mom and your daughter are ok. Good thinking asking the cop. I'm not sure I'd have been that smart. I tend to freeze up during stressful situations.Reply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 01, 2017 - 12:59 pm That's kind of what you ask for going into a Walmart no matter where they put them it is always the same cast of pathetic inbred losers and Psychopaths shopping there. They could put one in Beverly Hills and it would still look like The Beverly Hillbillies insideReply Report abusive comment MinkaApril 01, 2017 - 4:47 am Soooo...... What did they do? What did they look like?Reply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 01, 2017 - 1:00 pm My guess they were either peckerwoods or of the dark meat persuasionReply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 01, 2017 - 1:03 pm My guess is they were the latter, or as my grandfather would call them sunburned swedes or nightfightersReply Report abusive comment We Went Through a Few Days AgoApril 01, 2017 - 8:55 am There are 2 local Walmarts, which one? Why no street names given in article?Reply Report abusive comment Mr. PracticalApril 01, 2017 - 9:32 am The dateline is Suisun City. That excludes the Fairfield store from the equation. Suisun only has one Walmart.Reply Report abusive comment We Went Through a Few Days AgoApril 01, 2017 - 8:57 am I see the Daily Republic is assigning names of commenters now.Reply Report abusive comment pcmcApril 01, 2017 - 10:22 am Would it help deter robberies if Walmart security guards (contracted) were armed? I heard this is the 2nd, maybe 3rd robbery since they opened.Reply Report abusive comment Old TruckApril 01, 2017 - 1:28 pm Are you kidding? That's all we need, getting caught in the crossfire between a robber and a "rent-a-cop".Reply Report abusive comment JagApril 01, 2017 - 1:45 pm no not security the cashiers need to be strappedReply Report abusive comment FredApril 01, 2017 - 5:47 pm Film on Ch. 3 on the 6:00 News.Reply Report abusive comment As Through A Glass DarklyApril 01, 2017 - 8:53 pm Wont even be shown in the daily crime blotrer news media release. Suisun is a desirible crime free city and the new walmart is wonderful.Reply Report abusive comment BrianApril 01, 2017 - 11:42 pm I was there when it happened. It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen. Employees were walking around, telling people to "get out" because someone was in the store with a gun, and at the same time, letting people walk in and shop. Carts with people were trying to vacate the store and the greeters had no idea why. People were asking questions and no one there seemed to know what was going on. Where in the hell was the store manager to handle the situation? Why didn't they stop people from entering, while vacate people who were inside for safety? Two-thumbs down for Walmart on that one!!Reply Report abusive comment Recent Articles Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Today’s Print Edition Hometown report for Sunday, April 2, 2017: Bowling, golf, gymnastics Signups for Sunday, April 2, 2017 Hometown report for Sunday, April 2, 2017: Youth baseball, volleyball This date in sports history for April 2 Ski report for Sunday, April 2, 2017 Sports on TV for Sunday, April 2, 2017 Weather for Sunday, April 2, 2017 Meeks shoots, and rebounds, and saves the day for Tar Heels Harrison, McNamara each score; NYCFC beats Earthquakes 2-1 Photos: Spring Extravaganza 2017 Hield’s 22 points lead Kings to 123-117 win against Wolves Nick Hundley’s grand slam highlights Giants’ win over A’s Gonzaga makes first NCAA title game with win over S Carolina McGrady, Self, Krause, Lobo headline Hall of Fame class Smoke, spice spills out of Spring Extravaganza With all the 100 mph pitchers, how long will the arms last? With Trump approval, Pentagon expands warfighting authority Senate heads for Supreme Court showdown Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Home Seller 04-01-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Stars and Stripes 03-30-2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Strong Thunderstorms Moving Across the Southern Plains Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes at Copper Mountain, CO Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shudders Beach Side Inn Live look at the surf in Long Beach, NY Heavy rain in Gloucester, Mass outside the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Sighting of Tennessee teen allegedly kidnapped by her teacher More On March 15, the pair were seen at a Walmart in Oklahoma City two days after she went missing. 1:32 | 03/30/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Sighting of Tennessee teen allegedly kidnapped by her teacher powerful now clue in the search for a Tennessee teen and the teacher who authorities believe kidnapped her. The first confirmed sighting. New surveillance images show the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City two days after they went missing. Showing changes in their appearance. ABC's kayna Whitworth in Oklahoma City. Reporter: Tonight, the first confirmed sikting of that Tennessee teacher and the student he allegedly kidnapped more than two weeks ago. 50-year-old tad Cummins and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas seen on this Walmart surveillance camera in Oklahoma City on March 15th. She looks subservient to him, walking behind him. It's a very scary image. Reporter: The same clothes, but her air appears to be red. Cummins seen with darker hair and a beard. Just days before the alleged kidnapping, Cummins was spotted in a store cam back home. Dark hair dye in his shopping cart. This nud video from a tip. It only takes one tip. It's one phone call that breaks the whole thing wide open. Reporter: Cummins fled Tennessee after he was suspended from school, investigated for an inappropriate relationship with a high school freshman. Today, couple mines' wife, who had publicly pleaded for him to release Elizabeth, filed for divorce. David, tonight, investigators in Tennessee say these two could be anywhere. And they ask the public to remain vigilant. Take notice of their change in appearance and keep those tips coming in. David? All right, thank you, kayna. Next tonight here, to the This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Manhunt continues for kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student A 15-year-old student from Tennessee disappeared last Monday, and now authorities are desperately searching for her teacher, a father and grandfather, who they believe may have abducted her. Now Playing: Manhunt continues for kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student Now Playing: Desperate hunt for missing teacher, student continues Now Playing: Officer Accused of Sexually Assaulting Woman He Pulled Over: Part 1 Now Playing: Police Find Several Women Who Accuse Officer of Sexual Assault: Part 2 Now Playing: Women Who Accused Ex-Cop of Sexual Assault Take Stand at Trial: Part 5 Now Playing: Ex-Cop Found Guilty of Sexual Assault Cries As Verdict Is Read: Part 6 Now Playing: Ex-Cop Sentenced to 263 Years for Sexual Assault Speaks: Part 4 Now Playing: Credibility of Women Accusing Cop of Sexual Assault Is Questioned: Part 3 Now Playing: Moments before tragic church bus crash in Texas revealed in video Now Playing: High carbon monoxide levels kill children at a hotel in Michigan Now Playing: Video released of confrontation with police that led to deadly shooting Now Playing: New clues in the manhunt for the teacher accused of kidnapping former student Now Playing: Drone video shows severe storm damage in Virginia Now Playing: Suspect charged with arson in fire blamed for collapse of Atlanta highway Now Playing: Two children survive after a car crashed into their bedroom in Des Moines Now Playing: 7-year-old boy writes a letter to his hometown police officers Now Playing: 1 child dead after 6 found unconscious from carbon-monoxide poisoning at hotel Now Playing: Missing Tennessee teen may have been spotted in Oklahoma Now Playing: Hulk Hogan reflects on Gawker lawsuit Now Playing: Vigil for LGBT flag creator held in San Francisco Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46503801,"title":"Sighting of Tennessee teen allegedly kidnapped by her teacher","duration":"1:32","description":"On March 15, the pair were seen at a Walmart in Oklahoma City two days after she went missing.","url":"/WNT/video/sighting-tennessee-teen-allegedly-kidnapped-teacher-46503801","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Home Weather 72° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Breaking News LIVE RADAR: Track the weather with LIVE Texas radars Weather Alert 2 weather alerts Close Copperhead snake bites man inside Ark. Walmart Man catches snake after it bites someone in Jacksonville Walmart THV11 Digital , KTHV 5:05 PM. CDT March 31, 2017 Credit: Linda Moore Mathews CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JACKSONVILLE, Ark. (KTHV) - A man has been bitten by a Copperhead snake inside of the Walmart in Jacksonville. "Everyone was freaking out," said Linda Mathews, who snapped a picture of the snake. A video sent to KHOU sister station KTHV by Darla Duncan shows a customer catching the snake after it bit the man. According to Jacksonville Animal Control, the Copperhead was de-fanged, which is done typically if the snake is kept as a pet. The snake's front two fangs had been removed, but it does still have venomous glands. The man was taken to the hospital for treatment.   At this time, it's unknown how the snake entered the store. We've reached out to Walmart for comment.   © 2017 KTHV-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Cars crash into Sam Houston Tollway Houston forecast for Saturday afternoon Investigators working to confirm if body found is missing student WATCH: Lost bet has hilarious outcome Police: 1 person killed in shooting near Prairie View A&M HPD sergeant commits suicide in westside substation Asphalt mishap leaves drivers stuck on highway near Kemah Witness: Driver who hit bus was texting Teacher's spelling test prank goes viral Houston surgeon wins legal battle against Memorial Hermann More Stories 'It's devastating': Waller County sheriff responds… Apr. 1, 2017, 10:18 p.m. 19-year-old charged with murder of Prairie View A&M student Apr. 1, 2017, 6:48 p.m. Office of Emergency Management preparing for Sunday storms Apr. 1, 2017, 10:07 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention latches on technology  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business INTERNATIONAL TRADE Li & Fung Li & Fung Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention latches on technology CEO Spencer Fung this week unveiled a US$150 million, three-year plan to invest in IT for leading the company’s transformation. PUBLISHED : Saturday, 01 April, 2017, 8:00am UPDATED : Saturday, 01 April, 2017, 8:00am Comments:   Eric Ng eric.mpng@scmp.com http://twitter.com/EricNgSCMP Share PrintEmail Related topics Li & Fung Trade More on this story Companies Doubts rise over Li & Fung future 9 Feb 2013 Downturn erodes Li & Fung earnings 15 Aug 2012 Investors shun Li & Fung shares 1 Jul 2011 Companies Investors turn bullish on Li & Fung after makeover 3 Mar 2014 Li & Fung answers the doubters 23 Jun 2011 Related Articles Business How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 1 Apr 2017 Companies Li & Fung needs to focus on its core businesses - and get rid of the rest 4 Apr 2014 Companies Investors turn bullish on Li & Fung after makeover 3 Mar 2014 Li & Fung is trying to reinvent itself for the eighth time in 24 years. The company, the world’s largest sourcing agent for Wal-Mart Stores and Macy’s, will fully embrace information technology -- which has already upended its century-old role as the quintessential middle person between producers and consumers -- and is investing heavily to transform its business. The transformation was given extra urgency this week, when chief operating officer Spencer Fung delivered Li & Fung’s third consecutive year of profit decline, missing analysts’ estimates with a 24 per cent slump. Core operating profit tumbled 44 per cent over three years while the profit margin narrowed by 1.4 percentage point to 2.5 per cent. “This has been one of the toughest trading environments Li & Fung has ever seen,” Fung said. Li & Fung’s 2016 revenue fell for the third year, declining 11 per cent to US$16.8 billion, the lowest since 2009. The only bright spot in its results was the logistics business, which reported a 15.5 per cent growth in core operating profit, where the profit margin widened to 6.7 per cent due to rising e-commerce demand and expansions into the Japanese and South Korean markets. Even so, depressed global freight rates and unfavourable currency movements meant the logistics operation failed to meet its goal of doubling its US dollar profit in the three years to last year. Decline in sourcing and trading profit was to a small extent offset by higher earnings from Li & Fung’s growing services business where it helps factories cut material and finance costs, move to cheaper locations and comply with increasingly stringent health and safety rules. Li & Fung was founded in Guangzhou in 1906 by Fung’s great grandfather. For more than a century, the company grew and prospered through its role as broker, facilitating trade and manufacturing between the mainland Chinese hinterland with the rest of the world. The advent of the internet and e-commerce have dealt a severe blow to the company’s business, as customers and producers can now reach each other directly. To reverse its fortunes, the company proposed a new three-year plan, after meeting its sales and profit goals in four of eight three-year plans made since 1993. It’s fallen to Fung, 43, to turn things around. The Harvard University graduate took over the reins of the company as chief executive in 2014. Fung this week announced a three-year, US$150 million plan to invest in information technology hardware and software, and to hire people who can use them, as the firm seeks to create “the supply chain of the future.” The key plank of the strategy is to bring its semi-digital operation to full digitisation, from product development, material costing, sampling, manufacturing and logistics. “A digital supply chain is essential to service a highly digitalised marketplace,” Fung said. Fung’s plan aims to halve the time it takes for products to move from concept to deliver to 21 weeks by 2019, from the current 40 weeks. That helps retailers better adjust to customers’ changing preferences and shopping behaviour more quickly, and help them compete with the online shopping platforms. This involves “rapid prototyping” by using “virtual sampling” and “digital showroom” technology to cut the time needed to design, make, and seek approvals for product samples. With Li & Fung’s huge international footprint and annual turnover, it a very large ship to steer. “What used to take weeks and days can now be done in a matter of hours. There are new technologies available today for old economy companies to take advantage of,” Fung said. “The world is moving faster and faster; how we can move as fast as a startup” is the challenge, he said. Not only is speed key to turning around Li & Fung’s sagging profits, the vast quantity of data at its disposal is also important for making its supply chain more efficient, cheaper and better able to help customers differentiate their products. Still, not everybody is convinced the new plan could bring a turnaround any time soon. Li & Fung’s shares fell in the two days after its results and its business plan, trading recently near a 14-year low of HK$3.30. Only one analyst out of 13 covering the company is recommending investors “buy” the stock. “We are not yet convinced that the speed and innovation will be able to pull up sales growth notably,” said JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Ebru Kurumlu, the lead analyst in a report with a “neutral” recommendation on the stock, and a projection that the annual operating profit growth will only average 6 per cent over three years. To realise the ambitious goals, Li & Fung also needs a change in mindset for the company’s 22,000 employees, according to Fung. The company used to offer its “solutions to retailers and brand owners who have little knowledge about products and supply chain” in the last 100 years, he said. “Now, our approach is: what is the business model that you want, and how can we help? We can also use this approach with our bigger customers in future.” While the Hang Seng Index has gained almost 10 per cent this year, Li & Fung’s shares have fallen 1 per cent. It was dropped as one of the 50 constituents of Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Stock Index, losing the position it’s held since 2000. Some analysts don’t see any quick fixes to the company’s challenges, even if they agree with its strategic direction, especially since it requires upfront investments that can only be paid off in future years. “We share Li & Fung’s view on the growing importance of speed to market. However, macro and industry challenges will weigh on its earnings outlook,” said Deutsche Bank analysts Anne Ling and John Chou, who forecast 2.7 per cent compound average growth on its core operating profits until 2019.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention bets on technology 3 How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 4 Job cuts at China’s Big Four banks 5 Hong Kong’s February home price index rises to a record Shared 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 3 Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention bets on technology 4 How many ways did North Korea get away with murder? 5 China is on the path to global technology dominance Commented 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 Rise of the 215 sq ft home as Hong Kong price boom squeezes buyers 3 Racist attacks in India give China the edge in Africa 4 Thousands of polluters in China caught faking emissions data 5 Consuming shark’s fin soup like ‘eating a panda’       You may also like Society The Indonesian child maids of Hong Kong, Singapore 26 Mar 2017 - 12:36am 12 Your partner in the cloud In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Opinion Why a Beijing-Taipei conflict would be lose-lose on all levels 25 Mar 2017 - 6:34pm 34 Style A. Lange & Söhne displays masterpiece 27 Mar 2017 - 12:44pm Politics John Tsang: popular with the people, not with the voters 29 Mar 2017 - 12:15am 25 Politics How Hong Kong’s Carrie Lam went from protester to leader in waiting 25 Mar 2017 - 2:34pm 11 Hong Kong Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 26 Mar 2017 - 7:21pm 28 News Teenage Singaporean blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in U.S. 25 Mar 2017 - 11:29pm 127 World Chinese elders’ Canada immigration bids bog down in Hong Kong 23 Mar 2017 - 12:58pm 27 China Chinese soccer fans flock to the streets after surprise win over South Korea 24 Mar 2017 - 8:41am 22 China 300 flights axed as Beijing airport shuts runway for repairs 23 Mar 2017 - 11:40pm China Hong Kong hopes for boom from AIIB club 24 Mar 2017 - 12:00am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines Suspect Shot And Killed By Escambia Deputy In Cantonment Former Tate Coach Faces More Allegations Of Abuse, Performing Unlicensed Student Physicals Sunny Sunday; Storms By Monday Replacement Begins Next Week On Highway 99 Bridge In Oak Grove Flomaton Man Accused Of Raping Two Teens Under 16 Deputies Searching For Burglary Suspect State Won’t Seek Death Penalty For Mary Rice FWC Conducting Deer Hunting Survey Florida House, Senate Face $2 Billion Divide Pedestrian Struck By Vehicle In Century, Critically Injured Vera Thompson April 1, 2017 Vera Thompson, 88, of Pensacola, FL passed away Saturday, March 25, 2017. Mrs. Thompson retired from Walmart after 20 years of service. She was also an avid fisherman. She is preceded in death by her husband of 68 years, Edward Thompson and her son, Stephen Thompson. She is survived by two sons, Gary (Susan) Thompson and Tommy (Vicki) Thompson; two daughters, Nancy (Tim) Wheeler and Jeannie (Daniel) Harman; 10 grandchildren; and 11 great-grandchildren. Funeral services were held Friday, March 31, 2017, at Faith Chapel Funeral Home North with Pastor Steve Zepp officiating. Interment was at Barrancas National Cemetery. Faith Chapel Funeral Home North is entrusted with the arrangements. Comments Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by Jane · Filed Under Obituaries    Copyright © 2007-2017 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 73° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 73° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Cosplay contest shows variety of characters (w/video) By Ismael Perez April 1, 2017 at 10:18 p.m. Updated April 1, 2017 at 10:24 p.m. Tom Fulenchek, 30, dressed as Mordecai from the video game "Borderlands," holds the first place trophy after winning the adult cosplay contest at Victoria Comic Con held in the Victoria Community Center on Saturday.   Barclay Fernandez for The Victoria Advocate Toy Tony (video) Tony Yarbrough, 55, has been collecting toys for more than 25 years. SUNDAY SCHEDULE • 11:30 a.m. - Scott Norton Q&A • Noon - Painting and charcoal techniques • 1 p.m. - Kids cosplay contest • 2:15 p.m. - Sean Schemmel Q&A • 3 p.m. - William Zabka Q&A • 4 p.m. - Adult Cosplay Contest Dressed as a fictitious hunter with an intimidating sniper rifle as a weapon, Tom Fulenchek was struggling to keep his cool and not let his outfit fall apart. "Sewing, hot glue, crafting items - a lot of Hobby Lobby and Wal-Mart stuff," Fulenchek said, describing how he put his costume together. "I was just thinking, 'Stay confident, don't lose any of the parts and pieces.'" His cosplay as Mordecai, a character from the video game "Borderlands," placed first after competing against 38 people in the cosplay contest at the 2017 Victoria Comic Con on Saturday at the Victoria Community Center. "My favorite part is seeing the people and their creativity. I never know what to expect," said Bryan Hons, organizer of the convention. Hons said there were about 3,500 people at the event throughout the day. Radio personality and DJ John Pedierna was the host of the cosplay contest and said there were about 500 people on the stands cheering the competitors on. Fulenchek has attended the event for four years since it first opened, and while he has cosplayed before, it was his first time participating in the contest. It took the 30-year-old electrician about 24 hours to create his cosplay, with the supplies for it costing him $150. "I felt pretty confident making this outfit," he said. "I was taking pictures with people, and they kept asking me, 'Why don't you enter?'" Fulenchek likes how different Victoria Comic Con is from other local events because it allows the younger generation to connect and interact with other people. Grace Guera, 14, who attends Victoria West High School, came determined after not placing in the cosplay contest last year. Grace placed third with her cosplay of Rose Quartz from Steven Universe. She said the audience gave her a great experience on stage. "I felt overwhelmingly positive and couldn't help feeling any happier," she said. "Having that many people cheering for you is exhilarating." Leo Sanchez, 20, of Palacios, was among the 500 on the stands. Sanchez said he is usually not the cheering type, but with the supportive hollering coming from the crowd, he could not help but join. "There was a wide variety of cosplays, and people can get pretty into it," he said. "Even some people that dress the same can take a different twist on their characters, which I like." Sanchez said he liked the contest so much he might participate in the future as a Star Wars character. He was positive he would return next year. Sunday will be the last day for Victoria Comic Con, where there will be more cosplay contests for kids and adults to enjoy. Pedierna said the event is something everyone should experience. "Even for people that don't know much about it, it's really cool to see," Pedierna said. "It's important to support local events in Victoria, especially ones with new ideas and exciting things." RELATED Comic Con offers fun for all ages Comic Con allows people to explore creativity Thousands attend comic convention Victoria Comic Con will feature wealth of celebrities Star lineup announced for Comic Con 2016 -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 31  School district's handling of knife in truck is overreach 21  Ceremony to honor Victoria High School Stingarees 12  Reading, writing and running to a new profession 07  12 killed, 3 injured in U.S. 83 church van-truck crash 05  Victoria police seek homicide suspect (w/video) Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Local business notes: Heartland Credit Union building in Southern View Saturday Apr 1, 2017 at 8:00 PM Apr 1, 2017 at 9:38 PM Tim Landis Business Editor @TimLandisSJR The area of Sixth Street and Stevenson Drive has become a popular spot for financial institutions. HEARTLAND CREDIT UNION is the latest to join the list with plans to open a branch this fall at Sixth and St. Joseph streets, just south of the Route 66 Hotel & Conference Center in the village of Southern View. It will be the fifth Springfield location for Heartland. "We often survey our members, and it's always come up they'd really like to see a facility in that area of town," said Susan Gleason, vice president of marketing for Heartland. "We've always kind of kept our eyes open for a good location." Site work has begun for a full-service branch, including a drive-up. Gleason said the branch would have five employees. Heartland also has branches on West White Oaks Drive, Sangamon Avenue, South Grand Avenue and inside Memorial Medical Center. Gleason said the goal is an October opening. Southern View Village President Nora Petrosky noted that United Community Bank and Marine Bank have long had branches near the busy intersection. The village approved a zoning change for Heartland Credit Union. "It's a good area for us," Petrosky said. Peoria-based CEFCU just opened a full-service branch north of Wal-Mart on Sixth Street, which is in the city of Springfield. Traffic at Sixth and Stevenson ranges from 28,700 vehicles a day south of the intersection to 32,000 north of the intersection, according to the Illinois Department of Transportation. *** One is a hotel. The other, an outlet mall? Construction crews in the past few weeks began moving dirt on the south half of the LEGACY POINTE development at MacArthur Boulevard and Interstate 72. Hannibal, Missouri-based Ehrhardt Hospitality has filed plans with the city of Springfield for a four-story, 80-room Springhill Suites hotel just south of Engrained Brewing Co. A message left at the company headquarters last week was not returned. Ehrhardt first outlined its plans while seeking site changes from a local zoning board in September. Ehrhardt also developed three hotels on South Dirksen Parkway -- Comfort Suites, Candlewood Suites and Residence Inn. Permits continue to come into the city for the long-delayed OUTLETS AT SPRINGFIELD, including now foundation work for the planned outlet mall along the southern edge of Legacy Pointe. Developer David Ober of Pennsylvania-based Global Outlet Management has declined to discuss specifics. The plan for an 80-store outlet mall first was announced in the fall of 2012. *** Groundwork has begun at 2117 Clear Lake Ave. for the 11th Dollar General store in Springfield. Company spokeswoman Laura Sommerville said an early fall opening is planned for the discount retailer. She added that the store would be similar in format to other Dollar General stores in Springfield and would have six to 10 employees. The site is east of the Clear Lake overpass near Clear Lake and Wheeler Avenue. *** THE JACKSONVILLE AREA CONVENTION & VISITORS BUREAU has started a "First Friday Jacksonville" program to highlight local businesses. A variety of locally owned shops will be featured in the first event this Friday. There also will be art exhibits and craft demonstrations. Various businesses will participate each month. A Facebook page has been created for the event, http://bit.ly/2oaEeLs. Additional information also is available from Andy Mitchell with Our Town Books, 245-2665. *** CRAZY 8 children's clothing, shoes and accessories opens Monday with a new boutique format at White Oaks Mall. The store relocated to the lower-level Dick's Sporting Goods wing as part of the change. According to the company announcement, the new look includes updated light fixtures, flooring and aesthetics. Crazy 8 opened at the mall in 2011. Parent company Gymboree Corp. operates more than 300 Crazy 8 stores nationwide. The website is crazy8.com. *** Demolition crews have cleared the site of the former Days Inn, 2900 Stevenson Drive in Springfield. The 160-room hotel had been vacant since closing in 2011. The hotel was on property leased from City Water, Light & Power. Officials at CWLP say they are considering options for the site. *** Ribbon-cutting for the Sherman Area Chamber of Commerce: THE VILLAS SENIOR CARE COMMUNITY, 100 Marian Parkway; new therapy facility and private suites. *** Walls have begun going up for STARCREST CLEANERS at 2025 S. MacArthur Blvd. Plans announced last summer included a cleaning and drop-off facility, and a coin-operated laundry. Starcrest, based in Bloomington, has locations in Illinois, Missouri, Indiana and Nebraska. The company website is starcrestcleaners.net. *** At Springfield Building and Zoning: * ANVIL AND FORGE BREWING CO., 619 E. Washington St.; remodel. * EMC PARTNERS, 4141 and 4143 Yucan Drive; two 12-unit apartment complexes. * IN HIS HANDS ORPHAN OUTREACH, 804 N. Seventh St.; remodel. * AREA AGENCY ON AGING FOR LINCOLN LAND, 3100 Montvale Drive; remodel. * BIG JOHN'S BAR & GRILL, 2000 Peoria Road; remodel. * THERMO KING, 3410 Remington Road; addition. * VETERANS AFFAIRS ILLIANA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM, 5850 South Sixth Street Road; remodel. -- Contact Tim Landis: tim.landis@sj-r.com, 788-1536, twitter.com/timlandisSJR. Listen to his WUIS/SJ-R business report Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday morning on WUIS 91.9 FM, 89.3 FM and WUIS.org, or online at www.sj-r.com.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Strong Thunderstorms Moving Across the Southern Plains Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes at Copper Mountain, CO Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shudders Beach Side Inn Live look at the surf in Long Beach, NY Heavy rain in Gloucester, Mass outside the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch New clues in the manhunt for the teacher accused of kidnapping former student More Video is released showing first confirmed sighting in Oklahoma City of the pair who have been missing for 3 weeks. 1:41 | 04/01/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for New clues in the manhunt for the teacher accused of kidnapping former student Back here at home now to new clues in the manhunt for that teacher accused of taking off with a former student. The baffling case has law enforcement scrambling for several weeks now. ABC's Eva pilgrim with the new developments. Reporter: Tonight, the search intensifying for that Tennessee teacher and the student he allegedly kidnapped almost three weeks ago. Investigators releasing video of the first confirmed sighting of the pair. I feel at least hopeful that I've seen her. Reporter: 50-year-old tad Cummins and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas captured on this Walmart surveillance camera in Oklahoma City on March 15th, two days after they disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee, almost 700 miles away. The new pictures showing only small changes to their appearance. Thomas' hair dark and red. Cummins' gray facial hair now brown. She looks subservient to him, walking behind him, looking to him. It's a very scary image. Reporter: The two disappeared after Cummins was accused of having an inappropriate relationship with his teenage student. He was putting a lot of planning into disappearing. He searched "What size mattress will fit in the back of a Nissan rogue?" Reporter: Authorities telling ABC news, Cummins packed warm weather clothes, shorts and t-shirts, but now think he could be anywhere. For Elizabeth Thomas. Reporter: Today, in Tennessee, green ribbons at a festival in town, a reminder of the search, and tonight, a symbol of hope. Elizabeth, if you can hear me, please come back to us. Reporter: And there is a $10,000 reward for information that leads authorities to the teen. Investigators say it is important that the tips keep coming. It just takes one to make all the difference, Tom. And again, that video, two weeks ago, yet they still can't find where these two are. All right, Eva, thank you. We want to turn now to This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. With over 1,000 tips but no sightings of missing teen and ex-teacher, officials say they may be in Mexico As the manhunt intensifies for a 15-year-old Tennessee student and her former teacher who allegedly kidnapped her, authorities say "it's possible" that the two are in Mexico. Manhunt underway for teacher who allegedly abducted teen Tad Cummins, a 50-year-old health and sciences teacher, is accused of having an inappropriate relationship with his former student, 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas. Now Playing: With over 1,000 tips but no sightings of missing teen and ex-teacher, officials say they may be in Mexico Now Playing: Manhunt underway for teacher who allegedly abducted teen Now Playing: Manhunt continues for kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student Now Playing: Officer Accused of Sexually Assaulting Woman He Pulled Over: Part 1 Now Playing: Police Find Several Women Who Accuse Officer of Sexual Assault: Part 2 Now Playing: Women Who Accused Ex-Cop of Sexual Assault Take Stand at Trial: Part 5 Now Playing: Ex-Cop Found Guilty of Sexual Assault Cries As Verdict Is Read: Part 6 Now Playing: Ex-Cop Sentenced to 263 Years for Sexual Assault Speaks: Part 4 Now Playing: Credibility of Women Accusing Cop of Sexual Assault Is Questioned: Part 3 Now Playing: Moments before tragic church bus crash in Texas revealed in video Now Playing: High carbon monoxide levels kill children at a hotel in Michigan Now Playing: Video released of confrontation with police that led to deadly shooting Now Playing: New clues in the manhunt for the teacher accused of kidnapping former student Now Playing: Drone video shows severe storm damage in Virginia Now Playing: Suspect charged with arson in fire blamed for collapse of Atlanta highway Now Playing: Two children survive after a car crashed into their bedroom in Des Moines Now Playing: 7-year-old boy writes a letter to his hometown police officers Now Playing: 1 child dead after 6 found unconscious from carbon-monoxide poisoning at hotel Now Playing: Missing Tennessee teen may have been spotted in Oklahoma Now Playing: Hulk Hogan reflects on Gawker lawsuit Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46518309,"title":"New clues in the manhunt for the teacher accused of kidnapping former student","duration":"1:41","description":"Video is released showing first confirmed sighting in Oklahoma City of the pair who have been missing for 3 weeks.","url":"/WNT/video/clues-manhunt-teacher-accused-kidnapping-student-46518309","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 4/1/2017 5:04 PM Northwest suburban police blotter Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   By Freida Gad fgad@dailyherald.com • Charges are not evidence of guilt. Under law, individuals are presumed innocent until proven guilty. Bartlett • Vandals burned a basketball court March 30 in Sunrise Park at Foster Avenue and Cuyahuga Drive. Des Plaines • A married couple was scammed out of $1,650 after offenders gained control of their phones. The offenders called the husband and told him his wife was in immigration trouble and needed to go home immediately. His wife received a phone call that her husband was under arrest and needed money for bail. The caller asked her how much money she had in her bank account. He instructed her to purchase a $1,000 gift card at Wal-Mart and relay the code on the rear of the card. She did so. She was instructed to purchase seven iTunes gift cards for a total of $650 and relay the codes. The husband and wife met at their home and realized that they had been scammed. • Thieves stole a cellphone between 8:15 and 9 a.m. Feb. 23 from a desk in a girls' locker room at Chippewa Middle School, 123 N. Eighth Ave. • A man was seen hiding four bottles of champagne under his sweatshirt around 3:15 p.m. March 19 at Binny's, 767 W. Golf Road. He left without paying. Value was estimated at $240. Hanover Park • Thieves stole a cellphone around 3 p.m. March 19 on the 900 block of Violet Drive. Mount Prospect • A man was seen driving a brown sedan onto a lot around 10:50 p.m. March 22 at Enterprise Truck Rental, 400 W. Dempster St. and cutting and stealing the spare tire from a 2016 Dodge Ram van. Value was estimated at $200. Prospect Heights • Vandals broke the passenger's-side mirror between 9:15 and 10:15 p.m. March 17 on a 2003 Chevrolet Tahoe SUV in a hotel lot at 2855 N. Milwaukee Ave. The mirror was left hanging by its wire controls. Schaumburg • Dora E. Lopez, 45, of the 4700 block of South LeClaire Avenue, Chicago, was arrested around 3:05 p.m. March 11 at Macy's in Woodfield Mall and charged with retail theft. The report said a security agent saw her take clothes valued at $333. Her court date is April 14. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Schaumburg Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Bartlett Des Plaines Hanover Park Mount Prospect Prospect Heights Schaumburg Police Blotter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Visit the New Forum X Facebook Icon Twitter Icon google-plus-icon-logo YouTube Icon RSS Icon Search Icon Search for: HOT PS4 PS VR PSN PS Vita Reviews Videos Forums PSLS  •  News YouTube Reportedly Demonetizing Channels Randomly in Response to Advertisement Crackdown April 1, 2017 Written by Zarmena Khan Since the beginning of this year, YouTube has found itself in the middle of ongoing controversy surrounding “inappropriate content” and “hate speech” on the website. The issue particularly gained prominence when PewDiePie was called out for what many considered an “anti-Semitic” joke on his channel, resulting in YouTube and Disney’s Maker Studios distancing themselves from the vlogger. Sometime later, YouTuber JonTron’s comments on immigration and other topics thrust the website back into limelight, resulting in Yooka-Laylee developer Playtonic removing his voice from the game. In the midst of the controversy, a number of multinational companies – including PepsiCo and Wal-Mart – pulled their advertisements from YouTube due to concerns that they were being displayed on videos and channels that contained objectionable content. Facing a potential loss of millions, YouTube had no option but to respond swiftly. A week ago, YouTube outlined some changes in its monetization policies, promising to crack down on hate speech and inappropriate content. Long story short, the process isn’t going smoothly. A plethora of YouTubers – high profile and small, both – have reported that they’re taking revenue hits as YouTube demonetized their videos without a warning. Kotaku has published an in-depth report with comments from quite a few vloggers who allege that they weren’t given any warning and say that they’re struggling to make sense of the “vague” new policies. Some are accusing the website of waiting for issues to blow up before it responds. Many understand why advertisers would want to control where their ads are placed, but are of the view that this is something YouTube should have looked into a long time back, prior to the recent controversy. For those who have built careers out of hosting videos on YouTube, including dedicated gaming channels, the move is disastrous. It remains to be seen how YouTube resolves this. Have you been affected by YouTube’s new policies? Let us know. SHARE TWEET Tags: JonTron, PewDiePie, YouTube, YouTube Gaming Final Fantasy XIV: Daddy of Light Heading to Netflix, Releases Worldwide This Fall Interesting New Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice Dev Diary Has You Experiencing 3D Binaural Sound Features PSLS Originals Reviews Videos PS4 PS VR Staff Review Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use GameRevolution AdChoices PlayStationLifeStyle.net is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. ©2017 All Rights Reserved. monitoring_string = "e648000e5cd42cece065ea6b2f880692"
Sign in Join Home Campus News Business Sports Opinion Variety Columns Greek Corner Mass Communications Study Abroad More Submit an Article Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 36.6 F Smithfield, Rhode Island Sunday, April 2, 2017 Sign in / Join Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create an account Create an account Welcome! Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Home Campus Campus Students and Professors Compete for Bragging Rights Campus Joe DiMauro’s Discussion Panel Campus Two Decades of the Women’s Summit Celebrated this Month Campus CEO Shines with Standout Conference Campus Letter to Sue Zarnowski News News Quieting NATO; Affirming Commitment Campus Students and Professors Compete for Bragging Rights News Big Step Backward for Online Privacy News European Elections are Heating up News Islamic State’s Horrific attack on an Afghani Hospital Leaves at Least… Business Business Facebook’s Resilience Business Trump’s new Laptop ban Business How do the 1% Invest? Business Salesforce Valuation Business Snap’s Opening Performance Sports Sports Can Bryant Baseball Continue Their Success in the NEC Despite Early… Sports Red Sox Set to Begin 2017 Season Strong Sports Western Conference Stars Lead NBA MVP Race Sports The Life of a Minor League Hockey Player Sports Bill Belichick Returns to the Bryant Campus Opinion Opinion Why Tim Tebow Still Matters Opinion “Is It Worth the Price?” Opinion “Fake News”, but from a Different Source Opinion The Value of Diversity to the Ways and Means Committee Opinion Collegiate Athletes Deserve Pay Variety Variety Alpha Omicron Pi’s Fourth Annual Spaghetti for Scleroderma Variety 5 Reasons Why Everyone Needs to Watch “This Is Us” Variety The Bryant Players Present ‘Footloose’ Variety Astronomical Events Determine Easter Observance Variety Top 5 Songs of the Week Columns AllGreek CornerMass CommunicationsStudy Abroad Greek Corner What Greek Life Has to Offer Greek Corner AOII Lights the Night to Support Blood Cancer Research Mass Communications Sharing is Caring? Greek Corner Tri Sigma: Rebranded More Submit an Article Bryant Archway Home Business How do the 1% Invest? Business How do the 1% Invest? By Shayan Ushani - April 1, 2017 79 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Generally speaking, finance is about wealth utilization. This means bringing in many clients and using cash, debt, and other instruments to grow that wealth. In popular indices, hot tech companies, booming private equities, and even just regular equities we see people in the magnitude of thousands or millions coming together to invest. The Walton family had asked neighbors and friends to help funding at the inception of Walmart. What if a single family, like the present day Walton’s, accumulates wealth to such a massive amount that a firm is needed to manage the wealth of ultra-high net worth investors? We get a family office. The Walton’s operate under Walton Enterprise LLC, but other whales are known within the financial community; Icahn, Soros Fund Management (starting as a hedge fund), Marcuard, and Matter. Although HSBC as a company manages the most by numbers, as McNeill, Ph.D. University of California, Berkeley has noted is just shy of $150 billion. There are plenty of benefits to setting up a family office given the multitude of resources. In fact Ascent offers such as a wide array of services that they keep historians and scientists at all times to research genetic vulnerabilities of the family. Other benefits are financial planning, which can be burdensome when the amounts are nine digits and above, budgeting, and governance. JPMorgan and the World Economic Forum have surveyed respondents (75% worth a minimum of $1 billion) to examine the inner workings of these offices. Their data suggests strong correlations   between different offices from Zurich to Los Angeles. Their first data points suggest their focus and the discrepancy between the actual family members and the executive of the office. We see that the biggest spread is with wealth advisory, which is taken primarily by the executive. Additionally, we see that both groups are interested in managing financial assets of the family, and the family members are more interested in concierge and lifestyle services (as is expected). Social impact investing and philanthropy only make 15% and 11% of the family member and the office executive’s focus, the least of all the categories. How they invest may be the most valuable piece of finding JPM produced, showing that the financial elite aim to invest heavily in private equity & real estate. Direct active trading accounts for only 1% of a sole strategy being used. Outsourcing was also rare, although I suspect that will increase. Different family offices differ in size. Most are generally a small amount of employees, we’re not talking 10,000 employees, but rather 1-15. The family office executive is generally rigorously headhunted for, and are usually extremely qualified private bankers or top senior directors at bulge bracket banks, especially at UBS. We see differences in family offices covering one household, versus two-five, and six and more. Generally speaking the greater the number of households the great diversity in services offered. There is an exception to this, that being concierge and lifestyle actually goes down. The biggest increases in services in correlation with the households covered is legal which jumps from 20% to 64% (disputes over family matters may be exasperating this number, as well as the general help of legal counsel for larger families). SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleQuieting NATO; Affirming Commitment Next articleTrump’s new Laptop ban Shayan Ushani RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Facebook’s Resilience Business Trump’s new Laptop ban Business Salesforce Valuation LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Recent Posts Facebook’s Resilience Business Contributing Author - April 1, 2017 0 Trump’s new Laptop ban Business Contributing Author - April 1, 2017 0 How do the 1% Invest? Business Shayan Ushani - April 1, 2017 0 Quieting NATO; Affirming Commitment News Contributing Author - April 1, 2017 0 The Archway is your one stop location for campus news at Bryant University. Since 1946 we have provided students, faculty, parents and alumni the opportunity to speak out and stay connected. If you are interested in joining the staff please contact Will Tondo (wtondo@bryant.edu) for a list of open opportunities. For help submitting an article, please contact Tim Levene (tlevene@bryant.edu) Contact us: archway@bryant.edu POPULAR POSTS Congressman Cicilline visits Bryant to discuss lowering college debt Campus October 13, 2016 Drake’s Giving Us “More Life” This February Variety February 17, 2017 Five Things to Know About Studying Abroad Study Abroad September 21, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Variety72 Opinion63 Sports50 News47 Campus47 Business45 Greek Corner4 Mass Communications3 Study Abroad1 About Us Advertising Submit an Article © The Archway. All Rights Reserved
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News ‘Killer police’ video sparks debate — VIDEO Grief as bodies of Kenyan aid workers killed in South Sudan arrive Lazy contractors to lose deals Alfred Mutua presents candidate to take on Muthama Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business Cloud computing next battlefield for technology giants County unveils Sh23m water treatment plant Investors seek tourism funding to spruce hotels Greedy traders main obstacle to Budget’s cheaper ugali bid Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Evans Kidero pleads for second term to finish projects Police hunt for suspected robbers Governor Ojaamong rules out defeat by Otuoma Police search for six in failed bank robbery Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Federer, Nadal to meet again for Miami crown Konta stuns Wozniacki for Miami title The rise and rise of Michael Olunga Kabras, Quins storm Kenya Cup semis Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion WARIGI: The week’s Nasa developments MUTIGA: Intermarriage across ethnic lines might be answer to Kenya’s OCHIENG: Raila, Uhuru are merely two sides of the same organism KWAME: Cutting salaries is the wrong way to lower Kenya’s wage bill Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style MTV Shuga back for season five Kenya’s most famous con artists SUREGEON'S DIARY: Operation on immigrant boy with grossly inflamed STAFFROOM DIARY: Is Fiolina's KCSE certificate fake? Videos = Home Life and Style Lifestyle STYLE: Designer wear on the cheap Saturday April 1 2017 email print Ladies check out designer clothes on sale at  KICC Tsavo Hall, Nairobi on Wednesday during the three day sale courtesy of EPZ and Ministry of Trade. PHOTO| FILE| NATION MEDIA GROUP  In Summary Another special thing about these clothes is Kenyans buy them anyway. Except we do so at the end of the cycle. Once they hit America, they wear them and they return as mitumba. It is peculiar that the 20 per cent of what EPZ exports will be sold in Kenya at such incredible prices, but this time it is a kind of reverse mitumba. We buy them for even less while brand new. But at what cost to the local textile and fashion industry? Advertisement By CAROL ODERO More by this Author From the moment #BuyKenyaSuperSale popped up on my radar, I was curious. Who wouldn’t want a piece of designer wear from Sh100 to Sh600? A three-day sale courtesy of Ministry of Trade at a convenient venue. The idea is to expose Kenyans to the kind of quality of skill, work and product available to them. Judging by the queues that ran around the KICC block, this was certainly a delicious price point. It is also the first time ever I have seen many Kenyans line up for designer wear sales. EPZ does fashion in bulk for JC Penny, Puma, Wal Mart, Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Victoria’s Secrets, Marks & Spencer to Phillip Van Heusen. We know our brands when it comes to fashion. But the appeal was the literally throw away price. Still, I found this rather gimmicky and a rather strange way to draw attention to what locals do and can get. I have no idea what you thought but my initial reaction was “why so cheap?” Because low-cost-cum-affordable does not adequately encapsulate it. Phrases like “export quality clothing” and “brand new international quality” have been used to describe wares. For one, EPZ clothing is tax and duty free because Kenya signed this deal: the African Growth and Opportunity Act grants us access into the US market. With the Donald Trump presidency, however, African states are on tenterhooks. Who knows what his unpredictable leadership will bring forth.  But for now, the deal holds, after renewal, till 2025. This counts for a whole lot with Kenya being the leading apparel exporter to the US. ANOTHER SPECIAL THING Another special thing about these clothes is Kenyans buy them anyway. Except we do so at the end of the cycle. Once they hit America, they wear them and they return as mitumba. It is peculiar that the 20 per cent of what EPZ exports will be sold in Kenya at such incredible prices, but this time it is a kind of reverse mitumba. We buy them for even less while brand new. But at what cost to the local textile and fashion industry? Related Content STYLE: Men and their beards Making a political fashion statement Can you convince a man to groom? How not to pop a pimple EPZ has 179,000 fairly distributed staff allegedly earning salaries at Sh10,000 to Sh11,000, which EPZ workers have cited as too low, and they would be right. It falls below the wage bill. The government wants to inject the potential to employ another 100,000. EPZ, evidently, has epic manufacturing skills. They churn out apparel by the thousands per day. With such explosive turnover these prices cannot even begin to compare to local designers. The latter have workshops averaging of three to five tailors, or 10 plus if you are Vivo Active Wear. Local designers cannot afford to sell their stuff at such prices. .  #BuyKenyaSuperSale is a double edged sword. Technically, it is not really buying Kenyan. Not to mention the jobs created largely for women are at minimum wage. Where are the opportunities to be expansive with the local fashion industry? Or a seat at the table for the creatives and technology? There are billions at play here, but it does little to turn Kenyan fashion into something big. So far government has come up with the option of some sort of EPZ pods where groups of designers could consolidate talent and work with a pool of EPZ technical skills. At the same time government could do with a sense of direction, which it is not receiving from any kind of fashion collective.  Investors are coming in from Asia and the Middle East. Even so, textile manufacturing is still nowhere close to what it used to be in its glory days. Those wonderful days when textiles were the leading manufacturing activity in Kenya, absorbing 30 per cent of all manufacturing skills. It is easy to target the government but truth be told, the fashion industry has to lift its ostrich head and figure out how to get in on this. It is your livelihood, and while it is made in Kenya by EPZ, it is not functional function designed for Kenyans, by Kenyans. That will not stop the round the block queues once the Super Sale show really hits the road. In a nutshell -Designers and/or their representatives need to sit down with the government and figure out how to grow the fashion industry alongside the textile one. Move. It! -The government has to understand how so very critical textile manufacturing, design and technology is. Textile is obviously the future of the fashion industry locally. -Tech is King. I am sorry but there is just no other way to say this. Either we are with tech, or against it. Or we might as well curl up and die already. -Also, cotton. It needs those emergency electric paddles to resuscitate it. Only then can we begin to appreciate the inevitability and joy of bamboo as the future when it comes to textiles. -Designers must help Kenyans find them, go to them, and buy them. Build the roads to your shop so they can come. -Fashion institutions simply must upgrade their courses. If you are not teaching the most cutting edge textile technology you are asleep on the job. Wake. Up! email print Related Stories Sun Jan 22 01:47:00 EAT 2017 STYLE: Men and their beards Growing a beard has long been considered a sign of masculinity as opposed to having smooth egg of a chin Sun Jan 29 01:42:00 EAT 2017 Making a political fashion statement Sun Feb 05 01:12:00 EAT 2017 Can you convince a man to groom? Sun Feb 12 01:08:00 EAT 2017 How not to pop a pimple Sun Feb 19 01:43:00 EAT 2017 How real is the fashion world, really? Sun Feb 26 01:35:00 EAT 2017 Why the addiction to hair gel? I love my hair wild Sat Mar 04 20:01:00 EAT 2017 BEAUTY: Why all the red lipstick, ladies? Sat Mar 11 20:52:00 EAT 2017 Fashion that’s relevant across all generations Sat Mar 18 21:21:00 EAT 2017 A brief history of the scarf Sat Mar 25 21:05:00 EAT 2017 Would you wear makeup to the gym? In the headlines ‘Killer police’ video sparks debate — VIDEO The men were linked to the dreaded Gaza gang. Lazy contractors to lose deals KNHA has cautioned contractors against bidding for more work than they can handle. Grief as bodies of Kenyan aid workers killed in South Sudan arrive home Intruder shot dead at State House Knut issues new strike threat Parties face logistics nightmare as nominations begin this week The rise and rise of Michael Olunga Jepkosgei smashes four records - PHOTOS Latest: Life and Style Buzz MTV Shuga back for season five   Lifestyle Kenya’s most famous con artists   Lifestyle SUREGEON'S DIARY: Operation on immigrant boy with grossly inflamed small intestine   Lifestyle STAFFROOM DIARY: Is Fiolina's KCSE certificate fake?   Lifestyle WORLD OF FIGURES: How to slash wage bill without pay or staff cuts   Lifestyle MY WEEKEND: Key life lessons from smokers   Lifestyle SUNDAY SERMON: Jesus can save you from sin, don’t give up   LATEST NTV VIDEOS NASA in Wajir: Opposition principals say their alliance is strong Women and Power: Margaret Kariuki reaping benefits from a booming briquette business Eastleigh executions: Murdered suspects were reportedly well known for crimes Former NTV presenter Janet Kanini Ikua dies after battle with cancer The Maasai women conservation Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Truthout Sunday, 02 April 2017 / TRUTH-OUT.ORG The Big Lie Behind Trump's Education Budget Telling the public that allocating education funding is a battle over direct programs for kids versus school choice, is harmful to the most vulnerable students and families. The Wrong Way to Debunk Trump's Pipeline Jobs Claims Ask why Trump isn't fueling high-paying, union job growth in the sectors where most Americans work and that are already creating jobs. Home Economy & Labor Education & Youth Environment & Health Human Rights Media Justice Politics & Elections Prisons & Policing War & Peace Video Art Cartoons Graphic Journalism Truthout on Flickr BuzzFlash Buzzflash Headlines Buzzflash Commentary Speakout Progressive Picks About Us Submission Guidelines Contact Newsletter Sign-Up Job Openings Donate How to Give Why Donate? FAQ Testimonials Planned Giving More Ways to Give May Day Mass Action Will Be a Historic "Strike From Below" Wednesday, March 29, 2017 By Sue Sturgis, Facing South | News Analysis font size decrease font size increase font size Print Tweet Hundreds of thousands of service workers across the South and the rest of the nation are planning to take part in a general strike for human rights and equality on May Day, which marks International Workers' Day. Organizers say the May 1 Strike, which aims to express the collective power of the country's most marginalized workers and to stop attacks by the Trump administration and its corporate allies, is the biggest general-strike organizing effort in the US in over 70 years. "The Trump administration's dangerous attacks against food worker families and all marginalized people continue a centuries-long history of oppression," the organizers said in a statement. "We will not sit by as families are shattered by immigration raids, Native sovereignty is violated, Muslims are banned, and Black and Brown communities face even more criminalization, trans people [are] excluded and while corporate interest[s] drive down wages, safety protections, organizing rights, and rapidly destroy the environment." The strike is being organized by the Food Chain Workers Alliance (FCWA) and the Service Employees International Union United Service Workers West (SEIU USWW). The FCWA is a national coalition of worker-based organizations including the Farmworker Association of Florida, the Mississippi Workers Center for Human Rights, Northwest Arkansas Workers Justice Center, OUR Walmart and the Restaurant Opportunities Center United (ROCU), while the SEIU USWW represents more than 40,000 janitors, security officers, airport service workers, and other property service workers in California. The strike also involves the Movement for Black Lives, National Domestic Workers Alliance, Alliance for Fair Food, and other groups that advocate for embattled workers and communities. So far, 350,000 service workers have pledged to strike, BuzzFeed reports. That includes about 300,000 food chain workers and 40,000 unionized service workers. The action is set to take place 11 years to the day after the Great American Boycott, also known as A Day Without Immigrants, a general strike of undocumented immigrant workers and their supporters called to protest the Border Protection, Anti-Terrorism, and Illegal Immigration Control Act of 2005 (H.R. 4437), draconian immigration reform legislation that passed the US House of Representatives but failed in the Senate. Immigrants and immigrants rights advocates are also playing key roles in organizing this year's May Day strike, which is being discussed on social media using the hashtags #May1Strike and #ShutItDownMay1. "More Powerful Than Hate and Greed" The last time a general strike of comparable magnitude took place in the US was in Oakland, California, in 1946 -- a year that saw numerous labor actions nationwide by workers whose demands for higher wages had been repressed during World War Two. The Oakland General Strike was called in December of that year to support the city's striking department store workers, who were mostly women and poorly paid as a consequence. Over 100,000 workers participated in the general strike and effectively shut down the city, as In These Times reported. But the Oakland General Strike fell apart after a day, and it and the many other labor actions that year led to passage of the anti-union Taft-Hartley Act of 1947, which limited strikes and allowed states to pass so-called "right-to-work" laws that weaken unions by barring employees in unionized workplaces from being compelled to join the union or pay dues. Today a total of 28 states have right-to-work laws on the books, including all 13 Southern states -- one of the reasons why the traditional union movement is so weak in the region. However, polls show growing support for unions, especially among young and low-wage workers. For example, three-quarters of people ages 18 to 29 say they have a favorable opinion of labor unions compared to only about half of those 50 and older. And unions are viewed favorably by 61 percent of people who earn less than $30,000. A number of traditional union locals are involved in the May 1 Strike through their membership in the FCWA, including the Teamsters Joint Council 7, UFCW Local 770 and UNITE HERE's Food Service Division. But also represented in the alliance behind the strike are nonprofit workers' centers that organize and provide support to low-wage workers who aren't represented by traditional unions or are legally excluded from union coverage by labor laws. Some of the first workers centers were established by African-American activists in the Carolinas in the late 1970s and early 1980s. In advance of the May 1 action, organizers have set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for the general strike fund with a $100,000 goal. They are also inviting people to volunteer for a rapid-response network to challenge any retaliation taken against striking workers using protest, online advocacy and pro-bono legal representation. "We need to show this administration, Congress and large corporate interests that our human and economic worth is more powerful than their agenda of hate and greed," the organizers said. This piece was reprinted by Truthout with permission or license. It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source. Sue Sturgis Sue is editorial director at the Institute for Southern Studies, which she joined in November 2005 as director of the Institute's Gulf Coast Reconstruction Watch, a project to document and investigate the post-Katrina recovery. A former staff writer for the Raleigh News & Observer and Independent Weekly (Durham, North Carolina), Sue directs and regularly contributes to the Institute's online magazine, Facing South, with a focus on energy and environmental issues. Sue is the author or coauthor of five Institute reports, including "Faith in the Gulf" (August/September 2008), "Hurricane Katrina and the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement" (January 2008) and "Blueprint for Gulf Renewal" (August/September 2007). Sue holds a master's degree in journalism from New York University. Related Stories"Strike School" in Session: California Faculty Association Prepares for April Strike By James Anderson, Graduate Assistants United | News AnalysisStrike Supporters "Adopt" Verizon Wireless Stores to Picket in New York City By Matt Surrusco, Truthout | ReportStriking Against Islamophobia: A Conversation with Bhairavi Desai from the New York Taxi Workers Alliance By Sarah Jaffe, Speakout | Interview Show Comments Hide Comments View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by Disqus back to top Read more GET DAILY TRUTHOUT UPDATES Optional Member Code FOLLOW TRUTHOUT Follow @truthout Latest Stories Ramona Africa Talks Mumia, US Prisons and Donald Trump By Lamont Lilly, teleSUR | Interview Preparing for the Long Haul Under the Trump Administration By Frida Berrigan, Waging Nonviolence | Op-Ed Quebec's Vacant Church Buildings Resurrected as Community Spaces By Ruby Irene Pratka, Shareable | Report Fear Spreads in Immigrant Communities By Dennis J. Bernstein, Consortium News | Interview Bellwether Behavioral Health Is Controversial Group Home Operator AdvoServ -- With a New Name By Heather Vogell, ProPublica | Report Featured Videos Amnesty: Hundreds of Iraqi Civilians Killed in US Airstrikes After Being Told Not to Flee Mosul By Amy Goodman and Nermeen Shaikh, Democracy Now! | Video Report Trump Expands US Military Role in Saudi War as Yemenis Brace for Famine By Amy Goodman and Nermeen Shaikh, Democracy Now! | Video Report Buzzflash Headlines White Nationalists Are Now Recruiting and College Campuses - The Boston Globe Hundreds of Minke Whales Killed by Japanese Fleet - EcoWatch Sean Spicer's Handpicked Press Corps - FAIR May Day Mass Action Will Be a Historic "Strike From Below" Wednesday, March 29, 2017 By Sue Sturgis, Facing South | News Analysis font size decrease font size increase font size Print Tweet Hundreds of thousands of service workers across the South and the rest of the nation are planning to take part in a general strike for human rights and equality on May Day, which marks International Workers' Day. Organizers say the May 1 Strike, which aims to express the collective power of the country's most marginalized workers and to stop attacks by the Trump administration and its corporate allies, is the biggest general-strike organizing effort in the US in over 70 years. "The Trump administration's dangerous attacks against food worker families and all marginalized people continue a centuries-long history of oppression," the organizers said in a statement. "We will not sit by as families are shattered by immigration raids, Native sovereignty is violated, Muslims are banned, and Black and Brown communities face even more criminalization, trans people [are] excluded and while corporate interest[s] drive down wages, safety protections, organizing rights, and rapidly destroy the environment." The strike is being organized by the Food Chain Workers Alliance (FCWA) and the Service Employees International Union United Service Workers West (SEIU USWW). The FCWA is a national coalition of worker-based organizations including the Farmworker Association of Florida, the Mississippi Workers Center for Human Rights, Northwest Arkansas Workers Justice Center, OUR Walmart and the Restaurant Opportunities Center United (ROCU), while the SEIU USWW represents more than 40,000 janitors, security officers, airport service workers, and other property service workers in California. The strike also involves the Movement for Black Lives, National Domestic Workers Alliance, Alliance for Fair Food, and other groups that advocate for embattled workers and communities. So far, 350,000 service workers have pledged to strike, BuzzFeed reports. That includes about 300,000 food chain workers and 40,000 unionized service workers. The action is set to take place 11 years to the day after the Great American Boycott, also known as A Day Without Immigrants, a general strike of undocumented immigrant workers and their supporters called to protest the Border Protection, Anti-Terrorism, and Illegal Immigration Control Act of 2005 (H.R. 4437), draconian immigration reform legislation that passed the US House of Representatives but failed in the Senate. Immigrants and immigrants rights advocates are also playing key roles in organizing this year's May Day strike, which is being discussed on social media using the hashtags #May1Strike and #ShutItDownMay1. "More Powerful Than Hate and Greed" The last time a general strike of comparable magnitude took place in the US was in Oakland, California, in 1946 -- a year that saw numerous labor actions nationwide by workers whose demands for higher wages had been repressed during World War Two. The Oakland General Strike was called in December of that year to support the city's striking department store workers, who were mostly women and poorly paid as a consequence. Over 100,000 workers participated in the general strike and effectively shut down the city, as In These Times reported. But the Oakland General Strike fell apart after a day, and it and the many other labor actions that year led to passage of the anti-union Taft-Hartley Act of 1947, which limited strikes and allowed states to pass so-called "right-to-work" laws that weaken unions by barring employees in unionized workplaces from being compelled to join the union or pay dues. Today a total of 28 states have right-to-work laws on the books, including all 13 Southern states -- one of the reasons why the traditional union movement is so weak in the region. However, polls show growing support for unions, especially among young and low-wage workers. For example, three-quarters of people ages 18 to 29 say they have a favorable opinion of labor unions compared to only about half of those 50 and older. And unions are viewed favorably by 61 percent of people who earn less than $30,000. A number of traditional union locals are involved in the May 1 Strike through their membership in the FCWA, including the Teamsters Joint Council 7, UFCW Local 770 and UNITE HERE's Food Service Division. But also represented in the alliance behind the strike are nonprofit workers' centers that organize and provide support to low-wage workers who aren't represented by traditional unions or are legally excluded from union coverage by labor laws. Some of the first workers centers were established by African-American activists in the Carolinas in the late 1970s and early 1980s. In advance of the May 1 action, organizers have set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for the general strike fund with a $100,000 goal. They are also inviting people to volunteer for a rapid-response network to challenge any retaliation taken against striking workers using protest, online advocacy and pro-bono legal representation. "We need to show this administration, Congress and large corporate interests that our human and economic worth is more powerful than their agenda of hate and greed," the organizers said. This piece was reprinted by Truthout with permission or license. It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source. Sue Sturgis Sue is editorial director at the Institute for Southern Studies, which she joined in November 2005 as director of the Institute's Gulf Coast Reconstruction Watch, a project to document and investigate the post-Katrina recovery. A former staff writer for the Raleigh News & Observer and Independent Weekly (Durham, North Carolina), Sue directs and regularly contributes to the Institute's online magazine, Facing South, with a focus on energy and environmental issues. Sue is the author or coauthor of five Institute reports, including "Faith in the Gulf" (August/September 2008), "Hurricane Katrina and the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement" (January 2008) and "Blueprint for Gulf Renewal" (August/September 2007). Sue holds a master's degree in journalism from New York University. Related Stories"Strike School" in Session: California Faculty Association Prepares for April Strike By James Anderson, Graduate Assistants United | News AnalysisStrike Supporters "Adopt" Verizon Wireless Stores to Picket in New York City By Matt Surrusco, Truthout | ReportStriking Against Islamophobia: A Conversation with Bhairavi Desai from the New York Taxi Workers Alliance By Sarah Jaffe, Speakout | Interview Show Comments Hide Comments View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by Disqus back to top © 2017 Truthout
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Strong Thunderstorms Moving Across the Southern Plains Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes at Copper Mountain, CO Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shudders Beach Side Inn Live look at the surf in Long Beach, NY Heavy rain in Gloucester, Mass outside the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Missing Tennessee teen may have been spotted in Oklahoma More A tip led police to surveillance video of the missing teen and her alleged abductor. 2:29 | 04/01/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Missing Tennessee teen may have been spotted in Oklahoma just tighten it up. We'll start with the latest twist in the case of the former teacher and the student he allegedly kidnapped. Yeah, a tip leads police to surveillance video of the missing teen and her alleged abductor. The pair at the center of a nationwide search. ABC's Eva pilgrim is here with what the girl's family is saying about these images just coming in. Eva, good morning. It's been almost three weeks of nothing, now a clue. Her father breaking down learning about these pictures hearing his daughter was finally spotted. This morning, confirmed sighting, new photos of the Tennessee teen and the teacher accused of kidnapping her hundreds of miles from home. It was good to be able to see her face. Reporter: A tip leading investigators to this Walmart in Oklahoma City. In these new pictures you can see Elizabeth and tad Cummins with new looks. His gray hair brown and Elizabeth's hair a darker red. Very importantly, this is the first proof positive we've got that tad did abduct her and they were traveling together. Reporter: The two disappeared more than two weeks ago after another student reported seeing 50-year-old Cummins, a teacher at the high school, kiss Thomas. The 15-year-old last seen a friend dropping her off at a restaurant. Later that same afternoon investigators say a cell phone ping places them in Decatur, Alabama. Their trail cold until now. It's a very scary image and, frankly, it's exactly the kind of image that we were expecting. Reporter: Security cameras now confirming they travelled more than 650 miles to this Walmart in Oklahoma where they were caught on camera shopping at the store using cash to purchase food. Investigators still trying to determine what car they were traveling in. Certainly putting a lot of plan nothing disappearing. He searched what size mattress will fit in the back of a Nissan rogue. Reporter: This sighting even weeks old gives investigators some direction and gives her family hope. I feel at least hopeful that I seen her, Elizabeth, if you can hear me, please come back to us. Reporter: Now Cummins' wife who pleaded for him to release her has filed for divorce and the reward to find them is at $10,000. A reminder just how important those tips are. This I've had 1200 tips but one was able to spot and make all the difference. This is such a tough story. Eva, thank you very much. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Terror groups may have airport-screening equipment to test bombs Now Playing: Trump administration continues to face investigations into possible links between Russia and president's election campaign Now Playing: UConn's 111-game winning streak ended in women's March Madness bracket Now Playing: Snow hits parts of New York State and New England Now Playing: Missing Tennessee teen may have been spotted in Oklahoma Now Playing: Hulk Hogan reflects on Gawker lawsuit Now Playing: Vending machines may start delaying delivery of less-healthy snacks Now Playing: Beyonce may be voice in live-action 'Lion King' movie Now Playing: Alec Baldwin opens up about past battle with alcoholism, drug addiction Now Playing: How to make Chef George Duran's Greek pork salad wrap Now Playing: Jimmy Kimmel dishes on 'Boss Baby' Now Playing: Author Beth Kobliner opens up about her new book on teaching children about money Now Playing: Pentatonix celebrates National Crayon Day live on 'GMA' Now Playing: Catching up with Kate Hudson live on 'GMA' Now Playing: 'Dancing' pro Maks Chmerkovskiy speaks out about procedure for calf injury Now Playing: CDC highlights the saltiest foods in the American diet Now Playing: Experts call to end using the phrase 'stranger danger' Now Playing: The 'Watcher' suspect sends new letter to NJ home owners Now Playing: 'April' the giraffe expected to give birth soon Now Playing: New police reports from Sherri Papini's past raise questions Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46511233,"title":"Missing Tennessee teen may have been spotted in Oklahoma","duration":"2:29","description":"A tip led police to surveillance video of the missing teen and her alleged abductor.","url":"/GMA/video/missing-tennessee-teen-spotted-oklahoma-46511233","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The King of Beers Joins the Renewable Energy Bandwagon Another giant corporation makes a commitment to get 100% of its electricity from renewable energy. Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Apr 1, 2017 at 9:47AM As politicians and interest groups debate the future of climate change policies and renewable energy mandates across the country, a big power in the world of energy is making its strategy well-known. The business community has made a big commitment to transform their businesses to renewable energy, which is now driving wind and solar investment around the world.  The latest to make a 100% renewable electricity commitment is Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE:BUD), the world's biggest beer maker, which said on Monday that it will make the transition by 2025. Make no mistake, AB-InBev isn't suddenly an environmentally focused company. They're making an economic decision to buy renewable energy. It's a trend the corporate world is taking very seriously.  Image source: Getty Images. AB-InBev's renewable play Below is the infographic AB-InBev used to announce its renewable energy commitment. It highlights the move from 7% renewable energy to 100% by 2025 and shines a light on Mexico as a focus.  Image source: AB-InBev. The Mexico announcement is interesting because the country held two renewable energy auctions in 2016 that got very favorable terms. A year ago, bids were announced at 5.07 cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh) of electricity and by October bids averaged 3.35 cents per kWh for clean energy. This compares to average retail electricity prices of about 12 cents per kWh, so renewable energy is very economical for big companies.  And these projects will be completed by the end of the decade, so the price AB-InBev will pay by 2025 will be lower than the contracts signed in 2016. In total, the announcement says some 6 terawatt-hours, or around 3 gigawatts (GW) of solar, will produce energy for AB-InBev.  Corporate America loves renewable energy AB-InBev isn't the first company to take interest in renewable energy. In the U.S., Target (NYSE:TGT) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) are the two biggest corporate solar users, with 147.5 MW and 145.0 MW, respectively, according to SEIA's Solar Means Business 2016 report. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) says it has been 100% powered by renewable energy since 2014 and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google says it will reach that level in 2017.  Companies aren't just looking at renewable energy as a PR move; they're looking at it as a way to save money. Target and Wal-Mart are primarily installing solar directly on their rooftops, reducing electricity bills from the utility. And data centers by Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft, and Alphabet are now installing renewable energy nearby so they can use renewable energy directly. Apple has co-located nearly 100 MW of solar at data centers in North Carolina and Nevada with another 100 MW in development. Microsoft recently signed a deal to buy energy from 237 MW of wind farms in Wyoming and Kansas to power a Wyoming data center. Alphabet has invested $2.5 billion in renewable energy projects to power its business. This is becoming big business for wind and solar companies.  Corporate buys are the new renewable driver For over a decade, renewable energy has been driven by mandates and subsidies around the world, and in many places, it still is today. But costs have come down so far that corporations are now looking at it as a way to save money on their operations long-term. And that'll only drive more wind and solar installations as more companies join the renewable energy bandwagon.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Travis Hoium owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info Apr 1, 2017 at 9:47AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.73 down $0.20 (-0.14%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $65.86 up $0.15 (0.23%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $847.80 down $-1.68 (-0.20%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $72.08 up $0.49 (0.68%) Target NYSE:TGT $55.19 down $0.06 (-0.11%) Anheuser-Busch InBev NV NYSE:BUD $109.76 down $0.50 (-0.45%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $829.64 down $-1.86 (-0.22%) Read More 2 Stocks to Buy With Dividends Yielding More Than 5% 3 Top Small-Cap Stocks to Buy Heading into April These 2 Moves Confirm a Major Shift in the Gold and Silver Mining Industry EV Smart Charging Takes a Big Step Forward 5 Things You Didn't Know About Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The King of Beers Joins the Renewable Energy Bandwagon @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $MSFT, $GOOGL, $WMT, $TGT, $BUD, $GOOG
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Jim Gazzolo Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Alex Hickey Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Newspapers In Education Shutterbugs Policy About Us Sunday, April 02, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , Calcasieu Public Works Committee approves road expansion resolution Last Modified: Saturday, April 01, 2017 9:28 AM By John Guidroz / American Press The Calcasieu Parish Police Jury wants to use a Baton Rouge-based firm to help manage a plan that will improve and expand several state routes and one federal highway in the parish. Members of the Public Works Committee on Thursday approved a resolution allowing for a professional services agreement between the parish and CSRS to provide professional and technical program development services for the Calcasieu Parish Transportation Initiative. The effort will use some parish-level and federal money to pay for five road projects, totaling $174.1 million. The projects call for widening sections of La. 1256 and La. 27 near Sulphur, along with part of La. 384 that includes the intersection of Ihles and Country Club roads. A section of U.S. 171 from Broad Street north to Wal-Mart will also be widened, and improved traffic signals will be installed. The initiative also calls for improving the connection from Westlake to Moss Bluff along La. 378. Tim Conner, parish engineer, said CSRS will provide oversight during engineering and construction phases of the road projects. He said intersections will be improved first before crews move on to other parts of the roadways. “It’s the most bang for your dollar as far as seeing immediate congestion relief,” Conner said. The program came about because of a lack of funding on the state and federal levels. “The Police Jury has been very supportive in being proactive in trying to provide some relief around the more congested areas in the parish,” Conner said. “Even though these are state routes and not our responsibility, they are our problem.” The first phase of the plan called for creating manuals, scheduling and budgeting, and coordinating with the state Department of Transportation and Development to prepare reports detailing an overview of the project locations. The requests for qualifications, done at the end of phase one, will be sent out next month to solicit proposals from engineering firms. The Police Jury will have to approve those engineering contracts before design work can begin. Relocating utilities and acquiring rights of way will also have to be done. “I anticipate it will be ready to go to construction in a couple of years,” Conner said. “There are so many unknowns and variables when you’re dealing with the Corps of Engineers and property owners.” The full Police Jury will take action on the agreement with CSRS at its April 6 regular meeting. Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Why aren't there more Amber Alerts for Elizabeth Thomas? Print Email Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com By Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 01, 2017 at 9:18 AM comments When we issue Amber, we're asking the public to be eyes and ears to help law enforcement Despite investigators' assertions that Elizabeth Thomas and Cummins could be anywhere, Amber Alerts haven't been issued outside Alabama and Tennessee. That's because the alerts only are issued when authorities have specific information that the child and offender may be in a given state, said Bob Lowery, vice president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. And, there's no such thing as a nationwide Amber Alert. "We don't want to desensitize the public to Amber Alerts," said Lowery, who oversees the Center's missing children division. "That's why they're only issued when there is some specific reason why the child or offender would be in that state. It can't be hunches or speculation -- only sightings or other verified intelligence." Thomas and Cummins have been the subjects of Amber Alerts in Alabama and Tennessee for more than two weeks. They went missing March 13. The alerts were issued in both states because intelligence placed Cummins in Decatur, Alabama that day after he and Thomas were seen in Tennnessee. The most recent confirmed location is Oklahoma City on March 15, when surveillance equipment captured photos and video of the two in a Wal-Mart store just off Interstate 240. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation didn't learn about the sightings until this week on Thursday. Video and photos were released to the public Friday. As of Friday afternoon, the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety's Amber Alert coordinator told AL.com he hadn't been contacted by TBI about the case. "But, it's been two weeks since they were seen here in Oklahoma," the state's coordinator Gene Thaxton said. "So, I don't know if they'll ask me about issuing one." Policies and criteria for issuing Amber Alerts vary from state to state.  "Generally the Amber Alert coordinator approves the initial alert," Lowery said. "It may not even be the whole state. It's possible the alert would only be in certain areas for specific reasons to believe the child and offender are there." That, Lowery said, is why some people may receive alerts to their cellphones, while others only learn about the situation through media coverage or online. "When someone receives an Amber Alert, we want them to understand they're specifically in an area we believe they can help us," Lowery said. "When we issue Amber, we're asking the public to be eyes and ears to help law enforcement." Lowery said the reason cellphones make an unusual sound when Amber Alerts are issued is to specifically notify the public of a serious emergency situation. "That's part of how we avoid desensitization," he said. "You'll only hear your phone make that sound in real emergencies." Of the Cummins and Thomas case, Lowery said, "Because this child still has not been found, please pay attention to the vehicle description and photos. Report anything you see." Lowery said he's especially troubled by the case because of how long the search has continued. "Generally speaking, it's fairly quickly that children are found after Amber is issued," he said. "With an offender like this, they can get into the woods or another very isolated place. Speaking from former experience, they've eventually got to come out and get food and other things to sustain themselves. "I really hope Elizabeth is found soon," he continued. "I know her parents have been very frantic about getting her home." Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Today.com Video Food Health & Wellness Style Home Parents More Search Shop Watch Video Food Food Club Recipes Health & Wellness Style Home Parents Parenting Team Kathie Lee & Hoda Sunday TODAY News Good News Pop Culture Concert Series Pets & Animals Puppy with a Purpose Share Kindness Shop TODAY Privacy policy  AdChoices Closed Captioning ON OFF apply | reset x Text Display Background Enhancements font Times New Roman Arial Comic Sans size T T T T color share link April 1st, 2017 Images of missing Tennessee teen spotted with her teacher emerge in Oklahoma New security camera images of former teacher Tad Cummins and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas show the pair shopping at a Wal-Mart in Oklahoma after they left Tennessee nearly three weeks ago. NBC’s Tammy Leitner reports for TODAY that Cummins allegedly groomed Thomas for months before convince her to run away with him. More video 4:46 Sponsored Content Now Playing Rossen Reports update: See how long it can take to hear a train coming 3:53 Sponsored Content Now Playing Catch up on the biggest stories of the week with The Download 0:22 Sponsored Content Now Playing Gilbert Baker, creator of the iconic gay pride rainbow flag, dies at 65 0:39 Sponsored Content Now Playing The wealth of President Trump’s administration: See how much some aides are worth TRENDING 0:57 Sponsored Content Now Playing Why Alec Baldwin might not play Donald Trump on ‘SNL’ much longer 1:01 Sponsored Content Now Playing Dylan gets sweet April Fools’ Day surprise: Baby Calvin visits TODAY! 1:31 Sponsored Content Now Playing Common ‘grounds’: Starbucks is giving away coffee — with a catch 0:50 Sponsored Content Now Playing Dylan Dreyer is returning to Weekend TODAY LIFESTYLE 1:29 Sponsored Content Now Playing See Dylan Dreyer’s adorable throwback photo (in her bathrobe) 6:49 Sponsored Content Now Playing Ken Jeong: Comedy helped my bedside manner as a doctor 4:15 Sponsored Content Now Playing Shapewear solutions to help you shed winter layers with confidence 1:33 Sponsored Content Now Playing How to look great in green (and not just on St. Patrick’s Day!) Most Watched 3:15 Sponsored Content Now Playing TODAY anchors get pranked! See the hilarious April Fools' Day scare 4:46 Sponsored Content Now Playing Rossen Reports update: See how long it can take to hear a train coming 4:42 Sponsored Content Now Playing Meet the ‘super-agers’ who defy the effects of old age 2:27 Sponsored Content Now Playing Great-grandmother reveals how she survived 5 days stranded with her cat 5:00 Sponsored Content Now Playing How to save money renting a car: Jeff Rossen reveals secrets 2:20 Sponsored Content Now Playing Atlanta bridge collapses during massive fire, causing commuter chaos 3:26 Sponsored Content Now Playing Meet The Rollettes, the wheelchair dance troupe that’s redefining dance About TODAY Visit TODAY TODAY store TODAY apps Contact us Sitemap Jobs Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Closed captioning Advertise  AdChoices
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Bangor Daily News Sunday, April 2, 2017    Last update: 9:51 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son Print Email Share Tweet Next Contributed photo Doug Reil (right) and his son Jason pose for an undated picture. Jason has been missing since January 2012. Tammy Reil | Tammy Charles-Reil A flier to be distributed this weekend throughout midcoast Maine offers a $500 reward for information directly leading to the locating of Jason Reil, missing from Brunswick since 2012. Courtesy of Doug Reil Jason Reil Courtesy Tammy Charles-Reil Jason Reil, Christmas 2011, about one month before he disappeared from Brunswick. Courtesy The Times Record Brunswick police and Maine state game wardens searched 60 acres of woods on Feb. 16, 2012, hoping for clues to the whereabouts of Jason Reil. Courtesy Tammy Charles-Reil Jason Reil drew this for his cousin, Xander, in about 2003. "The boys all loved playing the fantasy card games, so I would guess it was just a cool idea he thought he would like," his aunt, Tammy Charles-Reil, said. By Beth Brogan, BDN Staff Posted April 01, 2017, at 7:46 a.m. BRUNSWICK, Maine — On Jan. 12, 2012, Doug Reil was awakened early in the morning by his son, who told him, not for the first time, his theory about the federal government conspiring to overcharge people for prescription drugs. Jason Reil, 33 at the time, felt it was his responsibility to find the truth. Agitated and unfocused without the antipsychotic medication he’d stopped taking to treat schizophrenia, Jason told his dad, “I gotta go for a walk.” “He was itching to get going,” Doug said in 2013. “I said, ‘Jason, promise me you’ll take your medications today and call your doctor and tell them what you told me.’ He said, ‘Yeah, I’ll do that.’” Doug never saw his son again. In June 2014, just 57 years old, Doug died, heartbroken, depressed and tired. “I think at that point he was just giving up,” Doug’s sister-in-law, Tammy, said recently. “He was so tired. He didn’t want to do it anymore.” In the years since Jason disappeared, Doug was determined to find his son, who had battled the demons and voices for years. Like many with serious mental illness, Jason went off and on his prescribed antipsychotics when he couldn’t tolerate the side effects. Despite efforts of family and friends, local police, game wardens and missing persons organizations, Jason seemed to have simply disappeared. Doug never recovered. In memory of Doug, his brother, Ken Reil and Ken’s wife Tammy Charles-Reil, have renewed the search. Although Ken and Tammy now live in South Carolina, this weekend, friends will distribute fliers throughout midcoast Maine offering $500 for for any information that directly leads to locating Jason. ‘Missing Jason Reil’ On Jan. 25, 2012, with no word from his son for nearly two weeks, Doug called the police. Brunswick Police Detective Rich Cutliffe, who led the investigation for several years, said at the time that Jason apparently walked out of his own apartment, just blocks from Doug’s, and left his cellphone, wallet, keys – even his glasses — on the counter. His car was in the driveway and two disability checks were found uncashed in his mailbox. Police spotted Jason on security camera footage dated Jan. 19 at the Brunswick Rite-Aid, where he picked up prescriptions for two antipsychotics. Doug later said the orange bottles of pills were found in Jason’s medicine cabinet. Police learned from Jason’s journals that he’d been hearing a young girl’s voice, and believed it was a hallucination, Brunswick Police Cmdr. Mark Waltz said Thursday. His bank records, prescription card and a card allowing him to access disability benefits showed no new activity, Brunswick police said a year after Jason disappeared. Despite Jason’s history of suicide attempts — he bore scars on both wrists, had once overdosed on his prescription medication and once jumped from a car speeding down the highway — Doug held fast to the idea that his son was still alive. The family set up a Facebook page, Missing Jason Reil, hoping for information. On Feb. 16, Maine game wardens with dogs arrived at the Brunswick Police station — at the time located just across from Jason’s apartment — and with local officers searched 60 acres of woods behind his apartment. “I personally don’t think that anything will [come] of this because I think Jason is in Portland, Maine,” Doug posted on Facebook at the time. “He has been seen there on several occasions. But anything that may find him is appreciated … Thanks again for all your prayers and well wishes. I know that he will be found soon.” Doug reluctantly thought of the Androscoggin River that runs between Brunswick and Topsham, but it was clogged with ice at the time and within a month or so, the dark water would rush into the Atlantic with the spring thaw. Brunswick police investigated several phone calls that year from people saying they saw Jason at the Brunswick Wal-Mart, the Hilton Garden Inn in Auburn, in downtown Brunswick and on Congress Street in Portland, where someone reported seeing “a tall, bald man yelling aimlessly at people.” Brunswick police listed Jason in the National Crime Information Center so that if another department finds a body that matches his description, they’ll call Brunswick. He’s also listed in the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System, according to Waltz. The trail goes cold At least twice during the next couple of years, Cutliffe called Doug to say a body had been found that seemed to match Jason’s description. In 2012, the Orangeburg Sheriff’s Office called from South Carolina after discovering a body matching Jason’s description, but the DNA didn’t match that from a swab taken from Doug Reil’s cheek. A year later, a man who said he’d known Jason for years called to say he was raking leaves at his therapist’s office in Sanford and Jason pulled up in a truck and they chatted. Waltz said the doctor had no recollection of seeing Jason, and the lead went cold. Tammy contacted a psychic, but said the woman told her she couldn’t “do a reading” on a missing person because if someone had hurt Jason, the assailant might take revenge on the psychic’s family. Soon, the phone calls stopped. At first, Doug held out hope that Jason was out there — maybe out West, he said, where his son had once dreamed of visiting. But in 2013, Doug stopped leaving his house and “couldn’t handle anything,” Tammy said. “We decided it would be best if he came down here and stayed with us.” ‘Dark space’ Before he left for South Carolina, Doug shared with the Bangor Daily News his theories about what could have happened to Jason. He might have been abducted, Doug said one day in his apartment. Or he could have tried to “disconnect his life” and start another somewhere else. But Doug said one possibility haunted him — that Jason succumbed to the voices he heard once he stopped taking antipsychotics, became more delusional, “and [voices] in his head told him to go somewhere, and he killed himself and no body’s ever been found.” “I’ve been so depressed all year,” he said that day, surrounded by boxes and green plastic bags stuffed with clothing and belongings. “I just can’t handle this anymore. I want closure on this so bad. I want to know one way or the other … If he’s passed, let me know. Somebody tell me he’s gone so I can put some closure on this and say, ‘OK, well at least he’s not suffering anymore.’” Doug loaded his things in his truck — which until the day he died bore a photo of Jason taped to the window — and drove with his sister, Vicki, to South Carolina. He stayed with his brother until he found his own place nearby. “At that point, he wanted to give up, physically and emotionally,” Tammy said. “He didn’t want to accept any possibility other than ‘Jason’s out there, I just want to know he’s OK, and after that he can start a new life if he wants.’” Doug had diabetes and underwent bypass surgery in about 2004, Tammy said. But she was most concerned about the “dark space” he was in. On June 8, 2014, Doug died in his sleep. His obituary lists Jason among his survivors. “I watched my brother deteriorate through the guilt that he felt at letting Jason go home that day,” Ken Reil said Thursday. “For not putting more pressure on him to take his meds or see his doctor. As much as I tried to convince him that he could only do so much and it would help for a while, that conversation would come back around so I know that he never really let it go.” Earlier this year, Tammy started a new Facebook page, Missing and Loved – Jason Reil, where she wrote, in part, “Many have resigned themselves to thinking you will never come home. That you chose to stop the voices. Even if that is the outcome, we want you home. So you can be at peace with your Dad. He missed you so much it hurt. Find a way Jay. Please come back to us. We love and miss you.” Tammy and Ken started putting money away to offer a reward for information leading to Jason’s return, hoping to prompt those who knew him to look twice. On Wednesday, with the assistance of Brunswick police, they posted the flier on Facebook offering a reward. “I continue to pray for answers that will bring closure for the Reil family,” Cutliffe said. “Maybe someone who knew something or saw something will say, ‘Hey, cha-ching’ — which is sad, but if that’s what it takes, so be it,” Tammy said. “He couldn’t just vanish. I don’t care if he’s just jumping trains riding across country, or if his schizophrenia is so bad he has no idea who he is. We have nothing to go by, so we can’t make assumptions.” “He was a really cool guy,” Tammy said of Jason. “When he was on his meds, he hung out with everyone and socialized a lot. He would come over to our house when we lived in Maine and make my kids pictures. He loved to draw.” Anyone with information about Jason Reil’s whereabouts should call the Brunswick Police Department at 207-721-4300.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son New facility helps prepare women inmates for release Transient charged with possession of child pornography April Fools’ storm dumps more than foot of snow in parts of Portland Trooper assists with crash, helps bring Lombardi trophy to Bangor Trump’s climate change order sends message to the world that the US is no longer a responsible actor Monday, April 3, 2017: Clean energy economy booming, Medicaid not just for the poor, reduce military spending April Fools’ Day Trump gets civics lessons from failed health care reform Reading Maine MPA adopts new ‘AA’ basketball format, eyes better tourney experience 41 years of stars: BDN All-Maine Schoolgirl Basketball teams, 1977 to 2017 UMass Lowell sweeps UMaine baseball team; Black Bears drop ninth straight BDN All-Maine Schoolgirl Basketball Team stats; honorable mention list Red Sox season preview: Life after Big Papi DEAR LIZ In a custody battle can kids choose where they live? Truck loses 10 tree-length logs on way south on Route 161 into Caribou| SLOWER TRAFFIC Are we Driving Ourselves to the Poorhouse? BDN PORTLAND Council strikes compromise on school renovations PETER PETER PORTLAND EATER AT BDN Pub wins with tempting specials and remarkable consistency Energy-efficiency systems, tiny houses big hits at 47th annual Bangor Home Show In a custody battle can kids choose where they live? New federal produce safety rules focus of public talk Pub wins with tempting specials and remarkable consistency ‘It’ trailer sets record for most online views in single day Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Maine Matters Busy As A Beaver, Only It's Woody Woodpecker Busy As A Beaver, Only It's Woody Woodpecker Boomer Haiku Another batch of blog soup: More random musings Another batch of blog soup: More random musings The Frozen Chosen Podcasting opens a window into our island community Podcasting opens a window into our island community Journeys Over a Hot Stove Knowing when to stay Knowing when to stay The Practical Prepsteader Two things that have changed my life this winter Two things that have changed my life this winter Take a Breath Take a Breath Tearing everything down does not Make America Great Again. Top Stories Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son New facility helps prepare women inmates for release April Fools’ storm dumps more than foot of snow in parts of Portland New opioid rules largely silent on veterinarian concerns Trooper assists with crash, helps bring Lombardi trophy to Bangor Similar Articles 1.29.2012 Brunswick man with schizophrenia reported missing 2.28.2013 Father of schizophrenic Brunswick man missing more than a year seeks closure 2.20.2012 Family of missing man praying for good outcome but fearing the worst 2.22.2012 A man goes missing, a family struggles with despair 6.26.2009 Profiles of Maine’s missing people Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search New photos show missing teen Elizabeth Thomas with 50-year-old alleged abductor April 1, 2017 14:38 IST By IBT US Close A missing Tennessee teenager and the former teacher accused of abducting her were spotted hundreds of miles away in Oklahoma at a Walmart. Elizabeth Thomas and her 50-year-old alleged kidnapper Tad Cummins have been missing since mid-March. The former teacher was fired after a student reported that they had seen the pair kissing in a classroom. IBT TV Mute Unmute Close Saudi general dodges citizen's arrest by London peace activist Most popular Play Kerala box office: Mammootty's The Great Father beats Mohanlal's Pulimurugan opening day collection 2 days ago Play Watch awkward moment Bastian Schweinsteiger is asked about Chicago Fires World Cup chances 2 days ago Play New photos show missing teen Elizabeth Thomas with 50-year-old alleged abductor 21 hours ago Play A-list insider: George Michael is finally buried and will the new Doctor Who be a woman? 2 days ago Play Samsung Galaxy S8: Top 8 trump card features that make Galaxy S7 heir superior to Apple iPhone 7 series 1 day ago Play 100 years of transgender rights 2 days ago Play Arsene Wenger coy about his future at Arsenal 2 days ago India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Lowe’s Shares Could Rise 20% or More Building-supplies giants Home Depot and Lowe’s are both virtually Amazon-proof, but Lowe’s is the better bet. By Andrew Bary Biography April 1, 2017 Home Depot and Lowe’s are a haven in the battered retailing sector because of their virtual duopoly in the home-improvement market and their ability to withstand the assault that Amazon.com is making on much of the industry. Both companies boast strong outlooks, thanks to a healthy economy and improving real estate markets in most of the country, which make homeowners more willing to undertake renovation projects and spruce up their houses. While both are appealing, Lowe’s (ticker: LOW) could be the better bet now,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Dr. Doom’s Diagnosis Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 6 Industrial Stocks With Generous Yields Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Report: The Handmaid's Tale Graphic Novel Is Coming Jonathan Coulton Fights 'Nicey-Nice Fascism' With Text Adventure Music Video And Graphic Novel Sweet Christmas, Marvel Is Bringing Back Digital Redeem Codes Ghost In The Shell Really Bummed Us Out Esports A Southern California Tournament Curse Plagues Top Smash Bros. Players Street Fighter 5's Most Heated Rivalry Intensified This Week Street Fighter 5 Fans Are Proving Akuma Sucks By Obliterating Him In Two Combos Blizzard Revokes Two Invites To Global Hearthstone Tournament For 'Unsportsmanlike' Comments Xbox 5 Thoughts After Playing Destiny For The First Time In Months Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 Rockstar Releases Busted GTA Online Car That Costs Nearly A Million In-Game Dollars Destiny 2 Officially Revealed, Confirmed For PC PlayStation Horizon Zero Dawn's Cauldron Dungeons Are Incredibly Cool Dark Souls 3's Newest DLC Has The Best Boss Fight In The Series Diego Maradona Wants To Sue Konami Mafia III's First Story DLC Is Fine, But Too Short Nintendo New Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Patch Fixes Frame Rate Issues Nintendo Switch Sales Nearly Double In Japan I Love It When Weapons Break In Zelda Zelda Is Also A Sick 90s Skate Video PC Spontaneous Battlegrounds Friendship Ends In Tragedy And Revenge Sega, Creative Assembly Announce Total War: Warhammer 2 Max Out Your Rewards Before Hearthstone's Journey To Un'Goro Expansion Arrives Next Week Overwatch's Orisa Isn't Living Up To Expectations Mobile New Tom Clancy Mobile Game Is Clash Royale With Sniper Rifles You Can Play Ms Pac-Man In Google Maps Right Now Club Penguin Island Launches And The Profanity Bans Continue Card Thief Is A Perfect Mashup Of Playing Cards And Stealth In Real Life Magic: The Gathering's Head Designer Has A Damn Hard Job Deals: Build The Game Of Your Dreams With This Unity 3D Training April Fools 2017: All The Online Gags And Pranks [Updated] An Accidental Ghost In The Shell Live-Action Movie Reminder Retro A Hacker Dropped Yoshi Into Sonic 2, And It's Amazing ScribbleTaku Remembering The PC's Best Fighting Game ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Deals: Build The Game Of Your Dreams With This Unity 3D Training April Fools 2017: All The Online Gags And Pranks [Updated] Mass Effect: Western Sydney I Love It When Weapons Break In Zelda YouTube's Latest Advertising Changes Have People Worried About Money Gita Jackson Apr 1, 2017, 5:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  kotaku core youtube youtubers Share Last week, big advertisers such as AT&T pulled ads from YouTube, in reaction to being matched with content that was deemed racist or inappropriate. YouTube has since said they are fine-tuning how people make money on YouTube in general, but content creators on the platform say their channels are being unfairly affected by changes they do not understand. Figuring out how to make money consistently on YouTube is a bit of a struggle: While creators can get revenue from from ads, individual views don't account for much money until they reach the hundreds of thousands. Making sure your videos can reliably have ads matched with them is essential for creators being able to have long term revenue. Six months ago, when YouTube introduced guidelines that outlined certain political content as inappropriate for monetisation, creators like Philip DeFranco reacted with frustration, fearing their channels were over. More recently, YouTube announced new policies for monetisation on March 20, saying that they would be cracking down on hate speech, and introducing strong controls for advertisers to determine what videos their ads are displayed next to, among other things. The same day, YouTubers like Ethan Klein, also known as H3H3 Productions, said that they had hundred of videos demonetised without warning. Given the amount of content that was demonetised, it's hard for him to ascertain which of these videos break the guidelines. YouTube has demonetized everything from "Vape Nation" to "Thank You for 3 million" with no notification and no option to appeal @TeamYouTube — Ethan Klein (@h3h3productions) March 29, 2017 It isn't just large channels that are being affected by these changes — YouTuber Tim TV, who has been a fulltime YouTuber for about six months, told Kotaku that on he saw that his revenue was "tanking faster than ever before", and that he found the changes "terrifying". "Not only was seeing something like this demotivating," he said, "but was also incredibly scary as I'm now going to be riding off of my savings until these issues hopefully blow over." Two days after YouTube announced the monetisation changes, The Wall Street Journal broke the news about the video platform by reporting that major advertisers were pulling ads from YouTube. At the time, one representative from WalMart stated, "The content with which we are being associated is appalling and completely against our company values." In particular, the Journal noted that ads from these companies were being displayed before videos that featured racial slurs in the title and description, as well as videos about Holocaust denial. In response, Google said that they would improve their policies on what content is considered acceptable for the platform and would continue to pull ads from inappropriate footage. But YouTubers are reportedly already feeling an unintended effect of these pending changes. Creators like H3H3 Productions, Philip DeFranco and Jenna Marbles have all had hundreds videos no longer qualify for advertising revenue, and other YouTubers are claiming they didn't have a chance to appeal their demonetisation. While YouTube says that the inability to appeal was a bug, YouTubers find these changes too opaque, given that they were not warned that it would happen or how. Today, YouTube released a statement about the changes and how to appeal demonetisation. While YouTube's statement does warn creators that they will be "seeing fluctuations in your revenue over the next few weeks", and explains how to appeal demonetisation, creators feel like the guidelines on how to make content advertiser friendly is still too vague. Responding to the statement in a tweet, Arin "Egoraptor" Hanson said that he wanted YouTube to "be more clear about what advertisers are opposed to having their ads displayed on. What can creators do specifically to make their content more advertiser [friendly]?" "It honestly makes me feel worse about the situation," Tim TV said. "For some reason, [YouTube] continually seem to only respond to issues when they blow up to the point of mass panic in the community, and then they give a blanket statement that gives the impression that they're just trying to push the issues under the rug." While YouTube assures creators that they are "working as fast we can to improve our systems so that… revenue continues to flow to creators over the long term", and that they have made the appeals process for demonetised videos faster, some are still sceptical. YouTuber Stephen Jay "Boogie2988" Williams said in a video today that while he understands why this is happening, he still can't appeal demonetised videos. While YouTube continues to operate in seemingly mysterious ways that confuse and anger content creators, there is a narrative forming around why YouTube is changing. The Wall Street Journal reported both the Felix "PewDiePie" Kjellberg fiasco from earlier this year, as well as the more recent advertising changes, leading the assumption that, by reporting this news, the publication is also responsible for the actions of big brands, or YouTube's unwillingness to communicate with its creators about changes that affect people's livelihoods. "I know some of you are still scratching heads, saying, 'Boogie, who am I supposed to be mad at?'" Williams said in today's video. "Me? I'm going for the media." WATCH MORE: Gaming News Comments lawnch @lawnch Apr 1, 2017, 6:29pm Man, YouTube is such a ****show right now. Ultimately it's been an unmediated mess for too long, and it has needed reigning in by something for some time. The only thing that can actually make a difference? Money. Reply 0 OriginalFranz Guest Apr 1, 2017, 9:09pm Google should just sell Youtube to Nintendo, so that there's no more misunderstanding. Reply 0 felicitous_blue @felicitous_blue Apr 1, 2017, 9:21pm Good. The reason (many) youtubers can make so much money is down to ultra-capitalism, with marketing chasing those with the best "brand" which doesn't necessarily equate to having the best quality content. Now they're seeing the other side of it. Reap what you sow. Reply 0 [Razor] @john_stalvern Apr 2, 2017, 6:51am Calm down there, Lenin. Reply 1 felicitous_blue @felicitous_blue Apr 2, 2017, 8:37am I'm calm, thank you comrade. It soothes me to see those who prosper by climbing on the backs of the toiling proletariat to be brought to justice. By the way, call me Marx, not Lenin. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now A Minor PC Gaming Miracle Kirk Hamilton 31 Mar 2017 12:00 PM Building and maintaining your own gaming PC is the best. It's also occasionally the worst. This week I upgraded my PC, fully expecting it to be a pain in the arse. Instead, something magical happened. Windows 10 actually came through. I Love It When Weapons Break In Zelda Mark Serrels 31 Mar 2017 12:15 PM Breaking news. literally. Weapons don't last long in Zelda. Breath Of The Wild. They tend to shatter, often at the most inopportune moments. A lot of people don't like that. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Build The Game Of Your Dreams With This Unity 3D Training Deals: Stream Your Favourite Content For Life Without Geo Restrictions Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off Trending Articles 1 A Minor PC Gaming Miracle 2 I Love It When Weapons Break In Zelda 3 April Fools 2017: All The Online Gags And Pranks [Updated] US Cops Just Got One Step Closer To Killing People By Drone The Best Mobile Phone Plans With Rollover Data Excalibur Is An Airbender In Craziest King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword Trailer Yet How To Drink Wine The Right Way, According To Science Spontaneous Battlegrounds Friendship Ends In Tragedy And Revenge A Southern California Tournament Curse Plagues Top Smash Bros. Players Magic: The Gathering's Head Designer Has A Damn Hard Job Sega, Creative Assembly Announce Total War: Warhammer 2 How To Take A Screenshot Of Anything (Even When It's Blocked) NBN Rollout Will Skip Difficult Connections, Could Take Years To Circle Back Test How Old Your Ears Are (And How Much Damage You've Done To Them) How To Make Any Video Play Perfectly On Your Smartphone 24 books to read that will change your life forever, according to my coworkers Take a rarely seen look inside New York's famed Woolworth Building, which is now home to multimillion-dollar condos Bugatti built a luxury sport yacht with a fire pit and Jacuzzi to match its $3.4 million Chiron supercar The best iPhone widgets you should be using © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments2 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it National Authorities: Missing teen spotted with teacher in Oklahoma The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it This undated photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Tennessee authorities say there’s been a confirmed sighting of Elizabeth Thomas, a 15-year-old girl who disappeared more than two weeks ago with Cummins, her 50-year-old teacher. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said it remains “extremely concerned” about the well-being of Elizabeth Thomas, who was last seen Monday, March 13, 2017, in Columbia, Tenn. Cummins was placed on the TBI’s Top 10 Most Wanted List. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP) (Associated Press) By Associated Press By Associated Press March 31 NASHVILLE, Tenn. — There’s been a confirmed sighting in Oklahoma of a 15-year-old girl who disappeared more than two weeks ago with her 50-year-old teacher, Tennessee authorities said Friday. Surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City show teacher Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas purchasing food items in the store with cash, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The statement said the images captured on March 15 show Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and Thomas may have changed her hair color to red. The two were reported missing on March 13 from Culleoka, a Tennessee community about 60 miles south of Nashville. Police have issued an Amber alert for Thomas and say they have warrants charging Cummins with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Also on Friday, the teacher’s wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, says she has not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Jill Cummins has previously publicly pleaded with her husband to turn himself in and bring the girl home safely. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. national Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 2 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Judge to Trump: No protection for speech inciting violence 2 Video, 911 calls capture the moments before a pickup truck crashed into a bus, killing 13 3 Document: Crack-smoking man charged in Atlanta overpass fire 4 Here’s what we know so far about Team Trump’s ties to Russian interests 5 3 charged in ‘maliciously set’ Atlanta highway fire may have been smoking crack Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game national Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Sunday, April 2nd, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Getting Your Lenten Fish Fix | Where To Go Sticky: Send The Vindicator your Easter egg hunts, h... Gonzaga tops South Carolina, 77-73 8:45 p.m. Sat Crowds pack Canfield High for Lions' annual ... 8:14 p.m. Sat Boardman fundraiser to benefit Akron Children's 7:15 p.m. Sat Trumbull conference learns how Cleveland man... 7:03 p.m. Sat Mississippi State stuns UConn women 12:27 a.m. Sat all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Dickey Electric celebrates 60 years in business | Print Tweet Published: Sun, April 2, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. By Kalea Hall khall@vindy.com NORTH LIMA Joe Dickey Jr., 88, doesn’t deny he had worries when he took over a local electric company 60 years ago. The Marine Corps veteran had three small children at home to take care of. “I was very nervous,” he admits. But the owner of MD Bush Co., a local electric company at the time, and an area banker assured him he could run the company and make a living. Dickey was good at the electrical trade and often impressed the owner. “I’d helped him on some projects that were too big for him,” Dickey said. “‘I never saw anybody that good,’ he said.” To really run the company that he renamed Joe Dickey Electric, Dickey had to create new customers, expand his services and survive some trying times in his personal life that affected his business. Six months after he purchased the electric company, Dickey’s wife died from pneumonia, and Dickey got a staph infection that had him off work for more than 40 days. When he had recovered from his loss and the infection, he went to the bank to get a loan. “I couldn’t even breathe when I went in there,” he said. “I was so scared.” Dickey was able to get the loan to help keep his business alive, and he got back to work. “I did small commercial and residential [work],” he said. “I hired extra men and did a lot of commercial.” In 1960, with his business partner Jerry Sabrin, Dickey opened a Dickey Supply storefront in North Lima. The company opened other supply shops in East Palestine, Lisbon and Wellsville. Eventually, Sabrin and Dickey sold off the supply shops in the 1990s. A generator specialist shop also was opened and later sold. Dickey’s focus also has been on putting the customer first, no matter the size of the job. He started as a residential contractor, and those customers told him he did such a good job he should do the work on the factories they ran or worked in. Projects completed by Dickey Electric through the years include Youngstown Sheet and Tube, Compco, Packard Electric, the Mahoning County Justice Center, Youngstown State University, Giant Eagle, Walmart, Fellows Riverside Gardens, an amusement park in South Korea and the body shop at the General Motors Lordstown Complex. “They’ve gone from 12-man shop to over 300 people,” Dickey said. “They’ve done work all over the U.S. and Puerto Rico.” Dave Dickey, chief executive officer of the company and Joe Dickey’s son, has always known he wanted to follow in his father’s footsteps. “He was always the first one in the truck,” Joe Dickey said. “He knew everything by the time he was 6 or 7.” “I would hold the flashlight and run and get the tools,” Dave added. In 1993, Dave took over the business as president. “I wanted to grow the company into the industrial sector,” Dave said. “I wanted to go into the steel plants and heavy automotive. We went into that during my tenure. The whole company is based on Dad’s theory of customer service and customer satisfaction.” Earlier this year, Dickey Electric announced that 25-year employee Eric Carlson would take over as president, Dave became CEO and Joe is the chairman of the company. Carlson is an electrical engineering graduate from Youngstown State University whose father, the late Gary Carlson, worked for Joe. who asked Dave to bring Eric on board. “The first job I did here, I cleaned out the old dirty mill,” Carlson said. “The neat thing is I never had another job.” Joe refers to Carlson as an “energetic young man,” who has helped the company tap into markets it wasn’t in before. “We have a lot of great younger leadership,” Carlson said. “Our management team is strong. Our electricians are strong. It’s a true testament to what we are able to do based on the people we have.” Other stories of interest Cleveland vintner turned away from counterfeiting Chevrolet Cruze makes 2017 list of top 10 car picks BUSINESS DIGEST || Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local News Crime & Public Safety Election 2016 Business Education Farming History State Public Record Nation & World Special Reports George Smith's Columns Sports High School Alabama Auburn Jacksonville State Racing Golf Outdoors Sports Opinion National Sports MLB NBA College Sports NFL Cars Opinion Editorials Columns Hot Blast Insight Bumper Sticker Speak Out Features Food Faith Entertainment Community Celebrations Fitness Humor Small Talk Parenting Health Homes Pets Trending Slideshows Special Publications Vault Anniston Star Store Games Puzzles Classifieds Obituaries Calendar e-Edition Subscribe Store Place Your Classified Ad Classifieds Jobs Marketplace Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search 56° Clear Anniston, AL (36206) Today Sunny. High 84F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy during the evening followed by cloudy skies overnight. Low 61F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 2, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast April 2, 2017 Toggle navigation News Local News Anniston Calhoun County Cleburne County Hobson City Jacksonville Ohatchee Oxford Piedmont Weaver Crime & Public Safety Election 2016 Business Education Farming History State Public Record Nation & World Special Reports Alabama 21 Unseen Alabama George Smith's Columns Sports High School Alabama Auburn Jacksonville State Racing Golf Outdoors Sports Opinion National Sports MLB NBA College Sports NFL Cars Opinion Editorials Columns Hot Blast Insight Bumper Sticker Speak Out Speak Out Submission Features Food Wine Beer Southern Cooking Holidays Fine Dining Faith Religion Roundtable Holidays Worship Directory Entertainment Art Artists in Action Books Movies Music Theater TV Community Spotlight Celebrations Births Engagements Weddings Anniversary Submit Announcement Fitness Humor Small Talk Parenting Health Homes Pets Trending Slideshows Special Publications Vault Anniston Star Store Games Puzzles Classifieds Obituaries Calendar e-Edition Subscribe Store Close 1 of 3 Linda Doane / NWBA First-year center Karl Yares of his teammates: “There’s a lot of strong people.” Photos by Linda Doane / NWBA Arthur Parson warms up before a National Wheelchair Basketball Tournament game in Louisville, Kentucky. Linda Doane / NWBA Says Tony Sanchez: “You think you’re alone in this world, but there’s a lot of people with your story.” 'It really does make you feel whole': Tucson wheelchair hoops team finds purpose, passion By Jon Gold Arizona Daily Star 4 hrs ago (…) Linda Doane / NWBA First-year center Karl Yares of his teammates: “There’s a lot of strong people.” Photos by Linda Doane / NWBA Arthur Parson warms up before a National Wheelchair Basketball Tournament game in Louisville, Kentucky. Linda Doane / NWBA Says Tony Sanchez: “You think you’re alone in this world, but there’s a lot of people with your story.” TownNews.com Content Exchange They stuck around hoping to get up a few more shots, to get out on one last fast break for the year, to work up that final good sweat of the season. Really, they just didn’t want to leave the court. The Tucson Lobos Wheelchair Basketball team had become so much to them, in such short a time, that this couldn’t be it, could it? But they’d eaten the last of the pizza, and handed out the last of the team spirit awards — on a squad like this, team manager Mia Hansen says, the field for Most Inspirational Player goes three deep — and they’d put a nice little bow on one important season. Just months ago, the team was on the verge of folding; two veteran members who served as organizers and coaches had moved away from the state in the previous months, and there was only a half-dozen or so left with any interest. Hansen, a local community organizer and past president of the Festivals and Events Association of Tucson, was already a volunteer for the team, but she offered to give even more time. Within weeks, morale changed, friends reached out to friends, loaner wheelchairs gave first-timers an opportunity to play, and before they knew it, the Lobos were up to 20 players. They would start the season ranked 35th out of 53 teams in their division and finish it ranked 18th, a drastic improvement, and a cause for both celebration and disappointment, as only the top 16 teams were invited to the National Wheelchair Basketball Tournament in Louisville. Hansen saw the sunken shoulders. March Madness meets March sadness. And yet, there was genuine enthusiasm for next season, and a renewed hope for the Lobos team members, both on and off the court. Walking out to the parking lot that night, Hansen was pleased with how everyone had come together, and for the future. Then she got a phone call. It was the National Wheelchair Basketball Association, calling to tell Hansen that two teams could not commit to the tournament, with an invitation for the Lobos to join the field. “A few of us had stayed behind to play just a little more basketball together, and Mia comes running back in, ‘I just got off the phone with Buddy Barnes!’” first-year Lobos center Karl Yares said. “I knew what was going on right then. I was tingling.” There would be more basketball. “They were so excited,” Hansen said. “Literally flipping out — one kid got excited and did a roll with his chair.” ••• If you think the Cinderella story ends there, well, you’re right. The Lobos traveled to Kentucky on Wednesday and played — and lost — two games on Thursday before dropping another game on Friday morning. They finished the tournament Saturday with a 2-2 record, good for 11th. But if you think some tournament in the middle of America is going to determine the fate of this group, you’ve got another thing coming. Cinderella already has her glass slippers, even if it’s only one. “This has been huge for me. I was missing this,” said Yares, 30, whose left leg was partially amputated after a car accident last year. “Being in a hospital bed for a month, trying to build back strength, trying to figure out how to be a one-legged guy. … And just to find a group of people who you know have been through at least a similar experience and in some cases much more difficult. There’s a lot of strong people here.” The team was started about 10 years ago, but maintaining a thriving club sport proved difficult. The team was primarily made up of former UA wheelchair basketball players and members of a Sierra Vista club team that had dissipated. By the beginning of the season, however, things were looking bleak. Arthur Parson, a 63-year old Army veteran with experience in more than a dozen National Veterans Wheelchair Games, volunteered to coach. He’d been heavily involved with the team in Sierra Vista, where he lives, and he loved coming up to Tucson just for the exercise and camaraderie of it. Parson had gotten his start in wheelchair basketball with the Arizona Wildcats program in the mid-1980s; during his stint in the Army, he developed bone cancer, which required the amputation of his right leg in 1976. Wheelchair basketball became a passion for Parson, who is also a preacher. “It gives me an opportunity to meet so many people with disabilities, to figure out how they get around, how they see things, how they deal with life,” he said. “I’m a religious person, an ordained preacher, and I get the opportunity to speak with guys about their lives, and their spirituality. It’s important for them to know that someone loves the lord and really cares about them.” In the Sierra Vista Herald, Parson was given one terrific nickname. The Godfather of Roll. And if anybody needed to hear the gospel according to the Godfather, it was Tony Sanchez. ••• At age 22, Sanchez was an overnight supervisor at Walmart, living in Avondale. This was 2001. He says he never drank or drove, but one night, he said, “For some dumb reason, I decided to get behind the wheel drunk.” He was headed home early one morning, lost control of his vehicle and hit a truck from behind. The car flipped several times, and Sanchez was left with a broken spinal cord. The driver of the other truck lost control and hit a pole. He was killed instantly. Sanchez was arrested and charged with manslaughter and given a sentence of nine years, nine months. He served eight years, five months, then was released on parole. In many ways, this was a life sentence. Sanchez lost his wife, his mobility, his autonomy. Worse, even. “The worst part of it … I ended someone’s life,” he said. “I didn’t know that person. That still lives with me every day. It’s hard to live with that in the back of your mind. But I live for my kids. I watch them grow up, and I teach them the dangers, and I try to get my story out. From one day to the next, your life can change completely.” Released from prison in December 2010, Sanchez was aimless. The Tucson High graduate had purpose in his life — to raise his two kids — but not much direction. Mentally, emotionally, spiritually, he was losing the battle. In 2014, he’d had enough. Sanchez, 37, reached out to the Arizona Spinal Cord Injury Association, and a woman in Phoenix referred him to Pete Hughes, who played for the Lobos. “Other than my kids, I had nothing to do, and since I’ve been introduced to the sport, I have another purpose for my life,” he said. “The wind hitting my face, being part of a team. I played baseball in the lower leagues, and it was great playing for a team. Twenty years later, to start playing with this team, it’s almost a religious experience.” ••• Mia Hansen is floored. “This is amazing,” she says, surveying a moving tapestry of taped-up hands and spinning wheels, 16 courts in all, taking over the Kentucky Exposition Center. “Seeing our team take the court, to be a part of this tournament — I got teared up.” She knows what this can do for someone. “It’s life-changing for them, and for me,” she said. “It is reaffirming my belief in the power of sports. I grew up playing sports in a small town in Oregon … and so did my brother.” She pauses. “Throughout our life, we played sports, and then my brother dove into a river and broke his neck and became a quadriplegic at the age of 21.” Mark Hansen became an avid wheelchair rugby player and advocate for wheelchair athletics, and, his sister said, “He was such a wonderful inspiration for me, and that’s the main reason I do this. I saw him go from the total depths of depression, my life is over, to having something to grab on to.” Speaking by phone from Louisville on Wednesday, when she traveled ahead of the team to set things up, she marveled. “Pulling into the hotel, there were wheelchairs everywhere and people with every sort of ability you can imagine. … For so many of our players, this is bigger than life. They’re wanting — needing — somewhere to socialize and to be together.” ••• For men like Yares and Sanchez, there may be nothing more important. “It’s been an awesome ride actually,” Sanchez said. “It looked like it was going to fall apart, and Mia stepped in, a lot of team members started recruiting people, and everyone loved it. Next year, we’re hoping to get two teams going. It’s a really exciting time.” Sanchez has been so inspired by his new life that he has become a founding board member for Southern Arizona Adaptive Sports. He hopes to get a grant to go back to school, and one day work with people struggling with this kind of transition. “You think you’re alone in this world, but there’s a lot of people with your story,” he said. Yares echoed the sentiments. “It’s been an absolute tornado,” he said. “I started the year with a loaner chair, and it was hard pushing, and when we went to our first tournament in Phoenix, we were pretty ragged. The progress we’ve made, it is astounding. We’re a different team than we were in October.” To think, just months ago, he was walking around the Pima College campus on crutches, his spirits needing crutches themselves. A team member, Shane Rodabaugh, approached him out of nowhere. Now Yares sees a different future ahead. A complete future. “In a way, it makes you feel whole again,” he said. “It kind of makes you feel powerful, to be part of a group, with a singular goal. We get mad at each other, scream at each other, and then we just try to do better. When things go well, we definitely congratulate each other, too. This, you don’t feel so confined. “It really does make you feel whole.” This article originally ran on tucson.com. Tags Team Sport Basketball Wheelchair Mia Hansen Tony Sanchez Arthur Parson Locations Arizona Live Updates Tweets from https://twitter.com/AnnistonStar/lists/live-updates HOT BLAST: Do you support the creation of a state lottery in Alabama? (take our reader survey) Should the 2017 session of the Alabama Legislature pass a measure to create a statewide lottery? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back Latest E-Edition Anniston Star To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left. Upcoming Events Apr 2 Reaching Out International's Mobile Pantry Sun, Apr 2, 2017 @ 9:00 am Apr 3 Grief support meeting Mon, Apr 3, 2017 @ 11:00 am Apr 3 Lakeside Hospice offers encourager meeting Mon, Apr 3, 2017 @ 11:30 am Apr 5 Free parenting classes Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 10:00 am Apr 5 West Anniston Foundation: We Can Program "Farm to Family" fruits and vegetables Rx program Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Special Publications Spring Home Mobile Apps Marketplace BizBuzz Creative Anniston 4305 McClellan Blvd. , Anniston, AL 36206 256-235-9219 Indigo Designs by Vicki Roy Springwood Inn 1301 Booger Hollow Road, Anniston, AL 36207 843-384-2618 Sunny King Toyota Toyota-Scion Division 2570 US Highway 78 E, Anniston, AL 36207 256-835-0800 A division of Consolidated Publishing 4305 McClellan Blvd. Anniston, AL 36206 Phone: 256-236-1551 Daily Home Jacksonville News Piedmont Journal Cleburne News St. Clair Times Sections News Sports Opinion Features Community Entertainment Slideshows Obituaries The Vault E-Edition Anniston Star Store Print Edition Puzzles Services Calendar Classifieds Place Your Classified Ad About Us Contact Us Advertising Subscription Services Available Carrier Routes Newspapers in Education Newsbank Archives Submit Your News Submit Announcement © Copyright 2017 Annistonstar.com, 4305 McClellan Blvd. Anniston, AL | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Editor's Note Greg David on New York In the Markets The Insider Polls Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation Opinion Home Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Morning Insider Polls BLOGS › Greg David on New York April 2, 2017 12:01 a.m. GOP pivots to tax reform, but it won't be any easier As with health care, New York has much at stake Greg David Comments Email Print × To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Daily Alert Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter. A summary of the day's top business and political headlines from the newsroom of Crain's New York Business. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Major League Soccer, not team owners, sets... Can a self-made magnate from the Bronx make... Mayor's rent and eviction policies are pure... GOP pivots to tax reform, but it won't be... NY1 layoffs | Rent-freeze fight | IPO buzz Most Popular Mobile-focused Quartz manages to turn a... An ex-Israeli soldier who thinks big builds... New York City reaches the Holy Grail of... Mayor moves to close Rikers Island Two former Christie aides get prison terms... Related News If NYC is too expensive, why is the population growing? A Republican health care idea worth considering Obamacare replacement merits debate, not drama Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Photos Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Blogs In the Markets The RED Wrap Greg David on NY The Insider Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Philadelphia Home News Restaurants Health Arts & Events Shopping Magazine Business Real Estate Politics Weddings LGBTQ The Scene Best of Philly Poll Facebook Twitter Google+ Subscribe Search Search … Navigation ▼ Home News Restaurants Health Arts & Events Shopping Magazine What It’s Like to Live in Philly on $18,000 An administrative coordinator, 41, is a single parent raising three children in South Philly. By Philly Mag Staff  |  April 1, 2017 comment on this post iStock As an adult, it’s interesting to look back on my family’s financial situation growing up. If there were money concerns, my father and mother, a patient-transport assistant and a certified nursing aide, respectively, never struggled in front of my three brothers and me. I was raised in South Philly, and I can’t recall ever being told we didn’t have the financial means for me to participate in sports or after-school activities. It was a comfortable upbringing. Snapshot: Family Expenses Home: $200/month for a three-bedroom house (subsidized) Transportation: $180/month for SEPTA pass and tokens for kids Education: $190/month for Catholic school (two kids) Child care: $124/month for youngest daughter’s after-school program Groceries: $500/month Dining & takeout: $50/month Clothes, tech, other: $100/month Vacation: $0 Savings: $600/year Puts aside $25 from each paycheck I didn’t attend college, but my parents helped me financially in other ways after high school. When my children were born, they helped with child care and gave me money from time to time. Now, my son is 18 years old and goes to Kutztown University, where, luckily, he pays in-state tuition. He didn’t always know he wanted to go to college, so I didn’t save for it. He received financial aid, and then I took out a loan, which he’s also on, for the remaining portion. I help him apply for as many scholarships as possible. Seeing how much it costs to attend college nowadays, I’ve already started saving for my daughters, ages nine and 13. My children’s quality of education is important to me. I send both of my daughters to Catholic school because the local public school isn’t great. There are additional costs, like uniforms, but the tuition isn’t that bad. Plus, they offer an affordable after-school program for my youngest daughter that lets me pick her up at 6 p.m. after I get off work. I’ve been in my current job for five years but have held similar positions most of my adult life. I’d like to make more money, of course, but I try to take it day by day. It would be easier to not have to worry about putting aside enough money for bills throughout the month. I’d prefer to pay all of them on the first of the month and then use the second check to have a little fun. On the rare occasion there is money left at the end of the month, I might get my hair done or buy an outfit online, where I can search for a deal. I have very little debt — maybe $150 from unpaid bills I blew off when I was younger. I’m trying to clean that up by putting a little toward those when I can. I save for retirement through my 401(k) at my company, but I also try to save on my own with a separate account. My biggest financial concerns are general monthly expenses, like cell-phone bills, utilities and groceries. There are three of us on my family plan, but my youngest daughter will need a phone next fall, because her older sister won’t be at school with her. Groceries are a killer, but I do have strategies to offset that. I shop only twice a month and buy in bulk at BJ’s Wholesale Club, or I’ll go to the Walmart Supercenter because they’re cheaper than the supermarkets near me. I want to teach my children the importance of being financially independent and cutting costs when it’s possible. If I were a person who smoked cigarettes and was putting money toward those every day, that would absolutely be an expense I would cut. I used to frequently eat out for lunch, but I completely stopped. I’ll use vacation days and stay in Philadelphia, but it’s been years since I’ve vacationed outside the city. My kids know that if there’s something they want and I won’t pay for it, they can put aside money and buy it themselves. It’s about saving when you can and working hard so you don’t need to depend on other people. — As told to Marina Lamanna First published as “Living in Philly on … $18,000” in the April 2017 issue of Philadelphia magazine. Read More About: Money « Previous Post comment on this post You May Also Like What It’s Like to Live in Philly on $50,000 What It’s Like to Live in Philly on $130,000 What It’s Like to Live in Philly on $1,000,000 Now and Then: A Snapshot of Philly Finances Around The Web Be respectful of our online community and contribute to an engaging conversation. We reserve the right to ban impersonators and remove comments that contain personal attacks, threats, or profanity, or are flat-out offensive. By posting here, you are permitting Philadelphia magazine and Metro Corp. to edit and republish your comment in all media. Magazine Subscribe and Save up to 89%! Subscribe Most Popular Nearly 1 Million Pounds of Chicken Products Recalled — Be Well Philly Philly's Biggest Chef Opens His Secret Falafel Shop Today in Center City - Philadelphia Magazine — Foobooz Apple Store Racial Profiling In Philadelphia, Claims Lawsuit — News Tony Luke’s Son Dies Suddenly at 35 — News Best Philly Fitness Events: April 2017 — Be Well Philly 50 Best Restaurants in Philadelphia 2017 — Foobooz Comcast Rolls Out Xfinity Prepaid Internet Service Across Entire Service Area - Philadelphia Magazine — Business Latest Stories The Best Thing That Happened This Week: Brock Stassi Made the Big Leagues Penn State Launches “Aggressive” Greek Life Crackdown “Warm Bodies” Cause Climate Change, Suggests Pa. Gov Hopeful Northern Liberties Resident Says FedEx Driver Strangled Him Tony Luke’s Son Dies Suddenly at 35 Get Our Free Newsletter Your morning dose of headlines, opinions, sports, photos and gossip, Monday through Friday. Enter your email address… Sections News Restaurants Health Art & Events Shopping & Style Magazine Sunday Magazine Real Estate Weddings Gay & Lesbian Best of Philly Blogs News Foobooz Birds 24/7 Citified BizPhilly Be Well Philly Philadelphia Wedding G Philly Property The Scene Shoppist Ticket Company About Newsletters Advertise Careers Diversity Policy Privacy Policy Subscribe Now Customer Care Give a Gift Search … Facebook Twitter Established 1908 Philadelphia Magazine 1818 Market Street, Philadelphia PA 19103 Copyright © 2017 Metro Corp. All rights reserved. Member, American Society of Magazine Editors and City and Regional Magazine Association.
Sunday, April 2, 2017 Subscriber Services Legal Ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Komen Race for the Cure Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Opinion Home   Nicholas Kristof Trump magnifies our need for the humanities     April 2, 2017   Today’s Opinion stories What works: Housing plus support Heroin: When the demon wins Trump budget puts science under siege Will Trump force thousands of legal immigrants to stop working? The Strange Persistence of Guilt More Opinion »   So what if President Trump wants to deport Big Bird? We’re struggling with terrorism, refugees, addiction and grizzlies besieging schools. Isn’t it snobbish to fuss over Trump’s plans to eliminate all funding for the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corp. for Public Broadcasting? Let me argue the reverse: Perhaps Trump’s election is actually a reminder that we need the humanities more than ever to counter nationalism and demagoguery. Civilization is built not just on microchips, but also on arts, ideas and the humanities. And the arts are a bargain: The NEA budget is $148 million a year, or less than 0.004 percent of the federal budget. The per-capita cost for Americans is roughly the cost of a postage stamp. The humanities may seem squishy and irrelevant. We have a new president who doesn’t read books and who celebrates raw power. It would be easy to interpret Trump as proof of the irrelevance of the humanities. Yet the humanities are far more powerful than most people believe. The world has been transformed over the last 250 years by what might be called a revolution of empathy driven by the humanities. Previously, almost everyone (except Quakers) accepted slavery and even genocide. Thomas Jefferson justified the “extermination” of Native Americans; whippings continued in American prisons in the 20th century; and at least 15,000 people turned up to watch the last public hanging in the United States, in 1936. What tamed us was, in part, books. Harriet Beecher Stowe’s “Uncle Tom’s Cabin” famously contributed to the abolitionist movement, and “Black Beauty” helped change the way we treat animals. Steven Pinker of Harvard argues that a surge of literacy and an explosion of reading — novels in particular — “contributed to the humanitarian revolution,” by helping people see other viewpoints. There is also modern experimental evidence that reading literary fiction promotes empathy. The humanities have even reshaped our diet. In 1971, a few philosophy students, including an Australian named Peter Singer, gathered on a street in Oxford, England, to protest the sale of eggs from hens raised in small cages. This was an unknown issue back then, and passers-by smiled at the students’ idealism but told them they’d never change the food industry. Looking back, who was naive? Today, keeping hens in small cages is illegal in Britain, in the rest of the European Union and in parts of the United States. McDonald’s, Burger King, General Mills and Wal-Mart are all moving toward exclusively cage-free eggs, because consumers demand it. Singer, now a Princeton University professor, is a wisp of a man who defeated an agribusiness army with the power of his ideas and the muscle of the humanities. (Singer has a terrific recent book, “Ethics in the Real World,” that wrestles with how much we should donate to charity, and whether wearing a $10,000 watch is a sign of good taste, or of shallow narcissism.) In short, the humanities encourage us to reflect on what is important, to set priorities. For example, do we get more value as taxpayers from Big Bird and art or music programs, or from the roughly $30 million Trump’s trips to his Mar-a-Lago golf resort will cost us when he’s tallied nine visits in office (he’s already more than halfway there)? That’s also more than the cost of salaries and expenses to run the National Endowment for the Humanities, not including the grants it hands out. Do we get more value from billions of dollars spent on deportations? Or from tiny sums to support art therapy for wounded veterans? Then there’s our favorite bird. The Onion humor website reported: “Gaunt, Hollow-­Eyed Big Bird Enters Sixth Day Of Hunger Strike Against Proposed Trump Budget.” In fact, Big Bird will survive, but some local public television stations will close without federal support — meaning that children in some parts of the country may not be able to see “Sesame Street” on their local channel. In 2017, with the world a mess, I’d say we need not only drones but also Big Bird, and poetry and philosophy. Indeed, our new defense secretary, Jim Mattis, apparently shares that view: He carried Marcus Aurelius’ “Meditations” to Iraq with him. It’d be nice to see Mattis drop off “Meditations” for the new commander in chief. And maybe present the first lady a copy of “Lysistrata.” Look, I know it sounds elitist to hail the humanities. But I’ve seen people die for ideas. At Tiananmen Square in China in 1989, I watched protesters sacrifice their lives for democracy. In Congo, I saw a tiny Polish nun stand up to a warlord because of her faith and values. The humanities do not immunize a society from cruelty and overreaction; early-20th-century Germany proves that. But on balance, the arts humanize us and promote empathy. We need that now more than ever. Nicholas Kristof is a columnist for The New York Times. More Nicholas Kristof articles »     RG Opinion Editorials, commentary & more delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Opinion stories Editorial What works: Housing plus support Opinion Heroin: When the demon wins Guest Viewpoint Trump budget puts science under siege Jonah Goldberg Cultural self-loathing imbues liberal scorn for Pence’s values Nicholas Kristof Trump magnifies our need for the humanities Homelessness Most homeless people have no choice, but you do Crowdsource The week’s hot topics on the Web Opinion Exploding traps, sanctuary cities and health care Catherine Rampell Will Trump force thousands of legal immigrants to stop working? David Brooks The Strange Persistence of Guilt Thomas Friedman Trump Is a Chinese Agent E.J. Dionne The GOP’s lost health care conscience Eugene Robinson Trump could learn plenty from his mistakes — if only he acknowledged them Robert Samuelson The national slush fund Kathleen Parker Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair     Business Business PeaceHealth and Quest Diagnostics deal is moving forward PeaceHealth and Quest Diagnostics deal is moving forward The recent partnership between PeaceHealth Laboratories and Quest Diagnostics is the latest example of the giant global company taking over a regional health system’s diagnostic labs. Quest, a Fortune 500 company based in New Jersey, … Robots seem to be winning the race for American jobs Student loan defaults may grow pricier as fees rise Climbing wall entrepreneurs build to scale More Business » Lifestyles Heart and Humor Right in the middle of the year everything went wrong As part of some book research, I’ve spent a lot of time lately back in the 1960s. Interviews. ­Microfilm. Internet. Books. ­Articles. Photos. Films. Statistics. Like hiking ­Spencer Butte before the basalt-step freeway went in, … Riverboat ambler Brush With Fame Lydon to the core More Lifestyles » Tastings Food Free of gluten, filled with flavor Dedicated gluten-free baker prides herself on creating delicious sweet and savory treats everyone can enjoy Jessica Scarola, owner of the Elegant Elephant Baking Co. in Eugene, often jokes with her husband, Evan, and her parents about the amazing reality that she is a full-time baker, making gluten-free products that could … ‘Igloo’ vineyards weather the storm Guardians of ‘beer geekery’ Next generation up for winemaking families More Tastings »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Police called about theft from car dealership: North Olmsted police blotter North Olmsted police cruiser.jpg North Olmsted police investigate the theft of a new car from a dealership. (File photo) Print Email Bruce Geiselman, special to cleveland.com By Bruce Geiselman, special to cleveland.com Sun News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 01, 2017 at 8:04 PM, updated April 01, 2017 at 8:36 PM comments Stolen car, Lorain Road: An employee of Halleen Kia March 21 reported discovering a 2016 Kia Soul missing from the car lot. A set of keys also was missing. The last known time the car was in the dealership's possession was Dec. 8, 2016, during the last inventory, according to police. The missing car is valued at about $25,000. Possession of marijuana, Country Club Boulevard: An officer stopped a car about 6 p.m. March 21 after smelling marijuana coming from the car. The driver had no operator's license and the Euclid Police Department had issued a warrant for him. However, they were unwilling to travel to North Olmsted to pick him up. Police recovered some marijuana and charged the driver with possession of marijuana. Disorderly conduct, Brookpark Road Extension: Police were called to Guitar Center about 1:20 p.m. March 25 by the store manager about an unwanted visitor. The store manager told officers he witnessed a man urinate on the outside of the building before coming inside. The manager pointed out the suspect, who admitted to his deed. Officers arrested the man for disorderly conduct. Petty theft, Great Northern Mall: Macy's store security called police about 8 p.m. March 25 about a male shoplifter they had in custody. An employee reported the man concealed several men's ties and walked out of the store without paying for them. He was caught by security. The man is charged with petty theft. The ties were valued at $170. Lost and found, Brookpark Road: A Bay Village woman came to the North Olmsted Police Department about 10:50 a.m. March 21 to report she thought someone stole her wallet while shopping at Walmart. She said she thought she had the wallet with her when she entered the store, but it then disappeared. Police and Walmart security watched video recordings of the woman in the store but didn't find any clues. However, the woman got lucky later in the day when a store employee found her wallet and all its contents still in place. Police believe the woman may have set the wallet down by mistake while shopping. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page.   Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit North Olmsted Election Guide Research your local candidates, issues, and ballot initiatives 2015 North Olmsted election guide North Olmsted City Council at-large candidates support deer culling North Olmsted City Council candidates discuss flooding solutions North Olmsted City Council candidates discuss attracting businesses North Olmsted council candidates discuss $11.7 million upgrade to Springvale Golf Course For state and county races check out our full Election Guide » cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» North Olmsted HS Sports Latest North Olmsted HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Local Drive Supports Veterans - WBOY - Clarksburg, Morgantown: News, Sports, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Crime & Courts Accidents & Fires Business & Economy Special Reports Monongalia County and Preston County Central Weather Your Weather Outlook 7-Day Forecast Snowbird Central & School Closings Snowbird & Myron's Weather Adventure in 360 Degrees Warnings Map Live Doppler Radar Predictor Local Temperatures Sports High School Football Scores High School Sports Honda Athlete of the Week National Sports West Virginia Illustrated Community Relay For Life Central Buckle Your Baby For Life Community Calendar "Celebrating Volunteers" Brought to You by The Miley Legal Group 12 News at Noon Interviews North Central WV Boil Water Advisories Video Contests What's On The Daily J! About Us Work With Us Download Our Apps Tactive Digital WBOY Alumni Meet the Team EEO and Public Reports FCC Public Inspection File Local Drive Supports Veterans Posted: Saturday, April 1, 2017 6:28 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, April 1, 2017 7:33 PM EDT By Paige Hopkins Email Connect phopkins@wboy.com GRANVILLE - West Virginia is home to thousands of veterans. Too many of those mountain state veterans struggle to find work and end up homeless. The West Virginia University Veterans Organization along with other area groups put on the O.P. Good to Go Drive on Saturday at the University Town Centre Walmart in Granville.   The drive, in honor of Corporal Tyler Burroughs, raised food and supplies for homeless veterans. Christopher Morris, organizer, said Morgantown has far too many homeless veterans. "Really correct the problem with the homeless veterans, which is really that they're too proud to take the help that they need," he said. "and we're really trying to fix that." The WVU Veterans have additional events planned for later this month. Clarksburg Studio 904 West Pike Street Clarksburg, WV 26301 Main (304) 623-3311 Fax (304) 624-6152(Clarksburg) Fax (304) 225-2522(Morgantown) Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WBOY Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion » Shop Talk Last Modified: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 11 36 AM IST Why less is more Given our stressful and busy urban lives, offering more options to consumers may just lead to confusion, making shopping an ordeal instead of a pleasure Subscribe to our newsletter. Sapna Agarwal Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint I am not a big fan of shopping at D-Mart. Don’t get me wrong—it’s not that I dislike it. I like to buy my fresh fruits and vegetables at the farmers’ market on Sunday at a park close to where I live in Juhu. They also sell staples, organic honey, preserves and cookies. I enjoy the interaction with the farmers, the experience and discovery. To me retail is not just about value for money, functionality and utility, it’s also about theatre, experience and discovery. Unlike me, millions of consumers in western India love shopping at D-Mart. The fact that the no-frills discount retail chain’s parent Avenue Supermarts Ltd listed on 21 March with a 115% premium to its sale price is testimony to that. To be sure, it’s not without reason that investors drove up the stock so steeply. The regional chain is India’s most profitable retailer. Over 90% of D-Mart’s customers are regular shoppers who buy from the retailer 2-3 times a month on average. This is despite having no loyalty programme. What seems to be working for D-Mart is offering limited merchandise at prices lower than its rivals. If Future Retail’s large format stores like Big Bazaar stock 30,0000-50,000 units on average, a D-Mart store stocks just 40-50% of that merchandise. Most of this seems to defy logic. After all, over the years, we have been getting used to increased choices. Today, there are around 141 models of passenger vehicles from 15 car manufacturers on Indian roads. This is without taking into consideration luxury car models such as BMW, Audi and Mercedes. In the early 1990s, there were just four passenger car manufacturers with about a dozen car models, which included Hindustan’s Ambassador and Contessa, Premier Padmini, Standard Herald and 2000, the Maruti 800, Omni and Gypsy, and a range of Mahindra utility vehicles. A search for soap on online retailer Amazon.com Inc.’s India website shows up 324,992 results whereas a search for shampoo produces 17,028 results. A huge change from 30-40 years ago when bath soaps were dominated by the red Lifebuoy, pink Lux, Liril and Cinthol soaps and hair wash options were largely Shikakai soap, Halo and Sunsilk shampoo. However, too much is not always a good thing. Especially given our stressful and busy urban lives, offering more options to consumers may just lead to confusion, making shopping an ordeal instead of a pleasure. Psychologists Sheena Iyengar and Mark Lepper said that consumers who are offered fewer choices are more likely to purchase, based on an experiment that they conducted with jam at an upscale food market in a landmark study in 2000. The psychologists put up a display of 24 varieties of gourmet jam on one table one evening and on another day, shoppers saw a similar table, except that only six varieties of the jam were on display. The large display attracted more interest than the small one. But when the time came to purchase, people who saw the large display were one-tenth as likely to buy as people who saw the small display. In his provocative book, The Paradox of Choice, Barry Schwartz warns that giving consumers more product choices actually lowers their purchase satisfaction. Schwartz reasons that having too many options makes us fear missing out, which causes anxiety, analysis paralysis and regret. Globally, some of the biggest success stories in food retailing in recent years are not that of US retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. or UK retailer Tesco Plc. They are of the international expansion of German no-frills retail chains Aldi and Lidl, founded in 1946 and 1973, respectively. Aldi and Lidl only offer between 2,000 and 3,000 lines. In comparison an average Walmart store has 100,000 products and an average retailer 45,000 items. It’s not only in retail. Look at some of the most successful brands—Tesla Inc., Apple Inc. and Google’s home page. What stands out is the simplicity of design, a clean interface, and no clutter. Among large retailers and manufacturers, the shift towards simplicity and offering less choice has already started happening. In 2015, Tesco announced cutting its range on its retail shelves by a third. Walmart reduced its average number of store displays by 15%. Even Procter and Gamble reduced its range of Head and Shoulders shampoos by nearly half—and ended up seeing a 10% bump in sales. Interestingly, for India, the journey from having no choices to having a plethora of choices, and now to preferring our choices curated for us has happened in a very short time frame of 25-26 years. It was only in 1991 that India opened its doors to multinationals and we saw our markets being flooded by foreign manufacturers like The Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. The lessons, though, are crystal clear. D-Mart, even though much smaller in size, on listing, had a market capitalization of Rs39,916.44 crore, more than the aggregate of all of its key listed national rivals including Future Retail Ltd, Shoppers Stop Ltd and Trent Ltd. Shop Talk will take a weekly look at consumer trends, behaviour and insights. Sapna Agarwal Topics: India retail sector retail chains D-Mart Big Bazaar More From Livemint READ MORE Bob Dylan finally accepts Nobel prize in literature Jio’s new pricing will continue to bleed industry: COAI RBI policy in limelight for markets in truncated week First Published: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 01 12 AM IST Editor's Picks Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, brother sent to police remand till 3 April BS-III vehicles nearly sold out, say dealers New ITR forms notified, details of cash deposits above Rs2 lakh, Aadhaar mandatory Latest News Bob Dylan finally accepts Nobel prize in literature Jio’s new pricing will continue to bleed industry: COAI RBI policy in limelight for markets in truncated week Lok Sabha bypolls: High stakes battle for PDP, NC, Congress in Kashmir Panama Papers boost tax battle, but no silver bullet Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Tech Startup News, Events & Resources menu News News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events Celebrate 2016 Industry Events Ecosystem Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events Celebrate 2016 Industry Events Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s jobs How Is Your Business Supporting Your Customers? Tips & How To’s Galvanize @galvanize March 28, 2017 10:30 am 0 Shares For much of the 20th century, businesses were focused on extracting resources, creating products, and providing services that simply met the needs of their customer. And yet, as they focused on what the customer was purchasing, very little emphasis was put towards how customers interacted with the company as a whole. Perhaps your checked bag went missing after a recent enjoyable flight, or your speedy internet provider overcharged you, and a customer service representative couldn’t figure out why. During his workshop on incorporating service design as a startup, Marc Mueller, a UX researcher at Universal Mind, noted that commodities are fungible, goods are tangible, services are intangible, and experiences should be memorable. As a startup, there’s ample opportunity from day one to consider every touch point you will have with a customer – from their first interaction with your website to purchasing your product. Mueller followed by asking a thought provoking question to the room: How do you craft an experience that helps you compete with (or beat) the incumbents of your industry? Crafting Your Service Design Service design experts suggest that when you place equal value on the customer experience and the business process within every decision, you’ll have created a memorable interaction that will keep customers coming back for more. To execute service design as a business, determine how and where these four concepts fit into your business strategy: guests and hosts, actors and staging, narratives and encounters, or choreography. It might sound a bit like Westworld, and there’s good reason for that. A well-executed service design places a heavy emphasis on ensuring that the four concepts mentioned above have your value proposition in mind. They understand your brand, how you communicate, and what leads to a successful delivery of your product or service. Ultimately, it affects every aspect of your business, not limited to your bottom line. Consider the premium consumers pay for an Apple or Patagonia product and the experience they have in their retail stores. Buying a computer or jacket at Walmart might cost you less, but the experience and quality is worlds apart. Tools of the Trade Mueller proposed the exercise of thinking deeper about how you draft personas of your target customers. Most entrepreneurs build a persona based on how the marketing world views a customer, focusing on buying motivations and behaviors. This is fine for determining how to sell the product, but not how the product should work. Instead, consider the way a designer would draft a persona. The focus shifts to user goals, behaviors, and pain points, which helps tell the story of why a user chose a specific product versus an alternative. This deeper understanding helps to build empathy between the company and their user – the beginnings of a valuable experience. To help dissect how that customer interacts with your product or service, and the pain points that exist within that process, let’s look at an experience at an airport through the use of a journey map. Journey maps are a visualization of the journey a persona typically goes through as part of their service experience. The x-axis in this case is time, and the y-axis is the emotional state of someone going through the airport. Once you’ve mapped out your customer’s journey, you’ve got the makings for a blueprint about your company’s service design. Mueller suggests that every company, big or small, has the ability to spread their resources across the following three categories: Operational Excellence, Product Leadership, and Customer Intimacy. It’s within this realm that companies like Apple and Microsoft can compete in the market yet craft different experiences for their target customer based on their goals and pain points. The post How Is Your Business Supporting Your Customers? appeared first on Galvanize. This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog. Interested in entrepreneurship, web development, or data science? Interested in entrepreneurship, web development, or data science? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter, bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology. Tags: Customer Service, customers, entrepreneurs, Startups, support, support customers, trends Did you like this article? No Yes Get more delivered to your inbox just like it! Sign Up! Sorry about that. Try these articles instead! Galvanize Galvanize campuses are home to an eclectic mix of entrepreneurs, skilled programmers, expert data scientists, and men and women motivated to make an impact. As different and diverse as we all are, we’re united by common values. Interested in entrepreneurship, web development, or data science? Check out the Galvanized Newsletter, bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology. 0 Shares -   -   Leave a Reply Cancel Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Submit About Buy the Book Contributor FAQ Services Get Involved Got a News Tip? Startups Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Jobs in Tech Shop
null
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, April 5, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on April 01, 2017 at 3:20 PM, updated April 01, 2017 at 3:23 PM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: this parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. Tax Work Off Plan: The town of Amherst participates in the the Tax Work Off Plan which allows qualified Amherst seniors to perform community service in participating town departments in order to receive an abatement on their third quarter tax bill. Contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or plantem@ahmerstma.gov for more information and an application packet. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services Nurse Clinic: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m. Thursdays 1:30-3:30 p.m. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m. with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: Free evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. Hot Lunch: served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: This program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley, $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Lab: Available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Free Online Tutoring: To make an appointment with a tutor please leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060 Peapod by Stop and Shop: Do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to be placed a day ahead. There is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. Caregivers Support Group: April 13 and 27, May 11 and 25, 1:30-3 p.m. COA Meeting: April 6, 9-10:30 a.m. SHINE: April 3 and 24 and May 1 and 15, 1-4 p.m. Brown Bag Pick Up: 1st Thursday of the month, 2-4 p.m. S.A.L.T. Council: April 11, 9-10 a.m. Caregivers Loaning Library: To borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith: Estate Planning and Elder Law: Third Fri., April 28 and May 19, 1-4 p.m. AARP Tax Aide Program 2016: Thursdays, Feb. 9-April 13, 9 a.m.-1 p.m., providing free tax return preparation, please call 413-259-3060 to schedule an appointment. Name That Tune: Usually the 1st and 3rd Mondays year round, 11-11:45 a.m. Joy of Song: April 20 and May 20, 1-2 p.m. CLASSES/SEMINARS Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Classes for April and part of May will be spent on drawing people. Music of Mozart: Thursdays, June 1-July 13, 1-3 p.m. Taught by Stephen Gottlieb. This course is free but please sign up at the center if possible. Butterflies of the World: April 10, 1:30-3 p.m. Findings from Cancer Research Study: April 6, 1-2 p.m. Identity Theft 101: May 12, 1-2 p.m. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Feb. 3-June 23, 3-4 p.m. Yoga: Mondays, June 5-July 24, 12:30-1:30 p.m. This is a free one hour gentle practice for people at any stage in the cancer journey, from recent diagnosis, through treatment, to survivorship. The class is limited to 8 participants and advance registration is required. Beth Donnelly is offering a one hour overview of the class on may 1st at 12:30 p.m. She will offer a sample practice and answer any question people have. Strength In Numbers: Wednesdays, 2:30-3:30 p.m., March 1-April 5. A free educational series for preventing falls in older adults. Cosmology: April 4-May 9, 1-3 p.m. Quantum Entanglement Reality : Tuesdays, May 23-July 18, 1-3 p.m. Psychological Anthropology: 10 weeks April 13-June 15, 10:30 a.m.-noon Hart and Patterson Financial Seminar: 1:30-2:30 p.m. Vicki Lenhart, the topic of Social Security, a key component of retirement income. Car Tips by Mark Whitney: 1:30-3:30 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS April 17: CLOSED Patriots Day April 27: Mothballs in My Attic, 1:30 May 11: Fall Risks and Home Safety, 1:30 p.m. May 5: Senior Players presents The Haverston Mills Town Meeting by Steve Henderson, 2 p.m. This is a thoroughly fun comedy performance, free and open to the public TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, leave, 8 a.m., return 6-6:30 p.m., cost $120. May 25: Day in Gloucester, ;eave 8 a.m., return 7-7:30 p.m., cost $125 includes motorcoach, guided tours, luncheon and gratuity. June 18: Fathers Day Drovers Roast at the Salem Cross Inn in west Brookfield, cost $75 which includes Feast, all festivities and van transportation, leave at 2 p.m. and return 4:30-5 p.m. June 30: Day on your own in Hampton Beach, NH, cost $55 which includes the motorcoach and gratuity, leave at 8 a.m. and return 9-9:30 p.m. July 29: Newport RI Schooner Cruise, cost $75, leave 8 a.m., return 7-7:30 p.m. Prior to the 1.5 hour cruise participants will have a few hours to explore the shops on Bannister Wharf and eat lunch at the restaurant of their choice. August 1: Tanglewood on Parade, cost $60 which includes the motorcoach, lawn seats and gratuity, leave 3:30 p.m., return 11 p.m. August 19: Day on your own in Rockport, MA, cost $50 which includes the motorcoach and gratuity, leave 8 a.m. and return 9-9:30 p.m. Time for sightseeing, eating, shopping and optional time at Good hrbor Beach, bring a beach chair, umbrella or blanket. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; Soothing stretch, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: April 11, 3 p.m. This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: 1st Thursday of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital Camera Classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: Every Tuesday, 1:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m. April 5: Hacksaw Ridge April 26: : Woman in Gold Book Club: 3rd Tuesday of the month, 1 p.m. Esthetician Services Offered: Facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: First Friday of the month, April 7, 1 p.m. Senior Center Van: April 7 and 21, shop at Walmart or Big Y in Ware, door to door service round trip $3, please call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Upcoming Events April 13: Organic Gardening For Everyone, 6:30 p.m. Learn some natural and effective techniques for the cultivation of a variety of vegetables, fruits, herbs and flowers; Easter Eggs, 10 a.m., Bring a dozen hard boiled eggs and we'll supply the rest. Create some beautiful eggs that will be both a tasty treat and a wonderful center piece. April 20: Serve Pro, 10:30 a.m., hear how you can protect your home from the possibilities of flooding, water heater damage and equipment malfunctions. April 21: Dryer Balls Help Save Energy, 10 a.m., Join us in making a couple of dryer balls. Dryer balls mechanically soften your laundry without any of the harmful chemicals you find in fabric softener or dryer sheets. If you have any felting needles please bring them along and if anyone has any old wool sweaters that you would like to donate it would be appreciated. Call Susan to sign up. Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. May 9: A Taste of Providence, $74/pp July 7: The Spirit of Johnny Cash Oct. 3: The Naugy, $80/pp WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, sewing class, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Senator Gobi: 3rd Tuesday of the month, April 18, 11 a.m.-noon Brown Bag: April 7, 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: 3rd Tuesday of the month, April 18, 10:30-11:30 a.m. Message with Vicki: By appointment, 9:15-11:15 a.m., $5 for ten minutes and $15 for twenty minutes. Monthly Movie: April 21, 11 a.m., Pete's Dragon Lunch and Learn: April 18, 11:15 a.m. How to Live a Healthier Lifestyle, Lunch is available for a suggested donation of $2 but you must call prior to April 17, 11 a.m. to reserve. Cup of Conversation: 1st Friday of each month at 10:30 a.m. April's is "Culture", We currently have openings, please call the center if you would like to join the group. Lunch Club: April 7, 12:15 p.m., Russo's Likeside on River Rd in Palmer. Please sign up no later than April 6. This is a self pay lunch club Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. UPCOMING EVENTS April 17: CLOSED April 19: Craft Class, making scarfs with Becca. A fun class using a t-shirt to make a lovely scarf with a decorative wooden brooch. Class materials are $8 and the snacks and beverages are free. Please sign up prior to April 16. April 28: Spring Extravaganza Party, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Jerome Riley will sing the hit songs of the Platters. Lasagna, soup, salad, bread and for dessert Panna Cotta topped with fresh berries. April birthdays will be celebrated. Suggested donation is $5. Please reserve before April 25 as seats are limited. TRIPS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Arthritis Class: 10:30 a.m., this class is mostly seated Bingo: 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month, snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card, .25 a game, coverall prize $20 Cardio Chair Dancing: On hold till spring Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. Cup of Conversation: 1st Fri. of the month, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Redefined Yoga: Thursdays 10-11 a.m., work at your own pace and ability level, suitable for wheelchair /chair bound. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursdays 9-10 a.m., total body workout to upbeat music, uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi - Qugong Classes: Tuesdays and Fridays 9:30-10:30 a.m., strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well being. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday, prizes and snack bar. Yoga: Wednesday, 8:45 a.m. Stretch and strengthen your body, relax your mind and unwind. Suitable for all levels of fitness. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. Computer Collaborative: New and open to the public. Classes are aimed at functional computer users who would like to learn more about how to expand their knowledge. Limit of 9 seats per class which meets tow times per month. You must register for each class separately. Beginner email, video basics and adaptive devices for hearing and sight. March 15, 2 p.m. Online shopping and internet safety, call for March date. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesday's and Thursday's at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment center. Billards: Call for days and time, donations welcome Mini Hair Salon: April 28, 9 a.m.-noon, $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: April 10 and 24, 1-3 p.m., please call to preregister. Genealogy Club: Foot and Nail Care: 2nd Wednesday of the month by appointment. Foot care cost is $29 and the nail care cost is $10. Foot care also available in your home, cost $50. Payment is due at the time of your appointment. Yoga Dance: We need a minimum of 6 in order for classes to run. cost is $32/month 55+ and $40/month for out of town, payable in advance. Monthly Movie: April 13, 1 p.m., Alive Inside Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., Mens Curmudgeon Group: SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon TRANQUILITY ROOM EVENTS Reflexology for hands and feet: Thursdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Reiki with Muriel: $15 for 30 minutes. Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Release, Restore and Rebalance: April 13, 12:30 p.m., free to Easthampton 60+. $5 for out of town residents you must call to prepay and preregister by April 7. M.E.L.T.: April 13, 2 p.m. free to Easthampton 60+. $5 for out of town resisdents you must call to prepay and preregister by April 7. Tai Chi: Friday's 9:30-10:30 a.m., cost $32 Bio Heatmat: Fridays by appointment, $5 donation to the center appreciated. Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Pepin Street School History Project: The Easthampton Council on Aging is delighted to collaborate with Miss Harwood's 3rd grade class at Pepin Street School on a History Project. If you are 80 and home bound this will be an opportunity to reach out into your community and share your story. The children will use the computers at school to connect with you. We will provide a lap top for you to converse with them right in the comfort of your own home. The questions that will be asked will be determined by you and the teacher. If your are interested please contact Holly Handfield Outreach Coordinator at 413-527-6151, ext. 15. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS April 5: Online reading, E books and magazine research, 2 p.m. April 13: Alive Inside, 1 p.m., a thrilling and incredible documentary about music and memory April 17: CLOSED April 19: Web safety, 2 p.m. at the Emily Williston Library, limit of 9 seats per class. April 21: Easthampton Music Conservatory Spring Show, 1 p.m. April 30: Helping Hand Breakfast, 9:30-11 a.m. LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; Release, Restore and Rebalance, 10:30 p.m.; M.E.L.T. That Pain Away, 1 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: Fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month, 1-3 P.M. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: April 27, board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Movie Matinee: Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. May 3: See The Whales of August, 1-2:30 p.m. May 4: Amelia, 1-3 p.m. Pizza and Movie: Thelma and Louise, April 26, pizza is $3 per person and the movie is free, call to reserve your seat. Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Brown Bag/SNAP: 1st Thursday of the month, 10-11 a.m. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully and Befriending Death: April 10 and 24, 1-3 p.m. Discussion group meets each month and participants may attend regularly or occasionally. Free, safge and supportive gathering to talk about the joys and challenges of aging. Blood Pressure Clinic: 1st Thursday of the month, 10-11 a.m. Zumba: 10:30 a.m. New participants must sign an exercise release form. HIGHLIGHTS Reading by local author Marian Kelner: April 13, 2-3 p.m.. Marian Kelner will read selections from her three books of collected writings: As a Sailboat Seeks the Wind, Farm Share Info and SNAP Assistance: April 14, 2 p.m. Local, healthy food distibuted weekly at the center. You can use your SNAP cared to pay. Please register for this free info program. Light refreshments will be served. The Food Bank of Western MA will provide info on SNAP benefits and help you sign up. Silverthorne Theater Presentation: April 18, 1-2 p.m. You will learn how a theater company chooses it plays and what has to ahppen before the lights go up on the first performance. A few brave souls will get a chance to experience an audition, reading a snippet for one of the shows. call or stop by the front desk to register for this lively free program. Dance Performance by GCC: April 20, 1 p.m. The Greenfield Community College Dance Performance Project, directed by Kathy Steinem. The performance includes character ballet, tap dance, hip hop and jazz/contemporary dances. Call to register for this free upbeat program. Strength in Numbers, A Fall Prevention Program: March 9-April 27, 11 a.m.-noon. You are asked to commit to attending all 6 one hour free sessions. VNA physical and occupational therapists will lead sessions on determining risk of falling, strengthening exercises, balance activities, managing medications, visual concerns and home safety recommendations. Pratical items such as strengthening devices, mediation organizers and visual aids will be given to series participants. Registration is required by March 3, space is limited to 20. Senior Tax Work Off Program Information Session: April 10, 11:00 a.m.-noon. This is for Greenfield homeowners, age 60+. We will be sharing information on qualifications, regulations and important dates. To register please contact the front desk, attendance at the workshop is not required to to apply for the STWO program which begins in July. My Life, My Health: March 15-April 19, 2:30-5 p.m. This is a free six session workshop designed for individuals with one or more chronic health conditions such as diabetes, arthritis, COPD or heart disease. The workshop is centered on the creation of weekly action plans that help motivate you to manage chronic conditions. Please register in advance. Bereavement Support Group: April 24-June 5, 10:30 a.m.- noon. Hospice of Franklin County will offer a six week Loss of Spouse/Partner Grief Support Group at the center. No meeting on May 29, Memorial Day. It is recommended that the death be at least 3 months before the start of a group. Registration is required by April 14. Call Morgan Ban-Draoi at 413-774-2400. Chronic Pain Management Workshop: Wednesdays May 10-June 14, 2:30-5 p.m. Please call to register. DAY TRIPS June 27: Gloucester, $110 inclusive, depart 7:45 a.m. and return approximately 6:15 p.m. Trip includes round trip luxury motorcoach, scenic harbor cruise on the Beauport Princess Yacht, gourmet buffet luncheon with taxes and tips included and bus driver gratuity. Rest stops include Kimball Farms. Deadline to register is May 12. This trip is transferable but non refundable. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better than a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: 2nd and 4th Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: 3rd Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603-518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tuesday and Thursdy at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class is with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2 p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Mississippi River Cruise: April 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: Yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the 4th Wednesday of the month, April 26, 11 A.M. Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Lunch and Learn: April 6, 11:45 a.m. and April 11, 11:30 a.m. $2 donation suggested New Sessions: Wednesdays starting April 19, noon-2 p.m. This method of teaching allows participants with no previous drawing or painting experience to complete a painting of a subject of their choice. Cos is $15 per sessions and all materials, easels, brushes, paint etc are supplied. Sign up at the front desk, class size is limited. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. Annual meeting, April 5, 9 a.m. COA Meeting: 2nd Tuesday of the month, April 11. OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: April 18, 1 p.m. Fallon Insurance Representative: April 11, 10 a.m. Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. Foot Care: April 27, please call for an appointment. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: Apr. 7, 10 a.m.-noon AMP: Baystate Hearing: 1st Wednesday of the month, call for an appointment. Memory Cafe: April 21, 10 a.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Memory Writing: Monthly Breakfast: April 12, 9 a.m. cost $3 Movies, Mondays at 12:15 April 3: Mechanic: Resurrection April 10: Sully April 24: Inferno Saturday Night Dinner Dances June 17: Jukebox Party, Charades Band July 15: Come As You Were, Decades Band August 19: Carribbean Nights, Good Acoustic Band October 21: Flower Power Party, Union Jack Band UPCOMING EVENTS: call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events April 6: National Stress Relief Day, 11:45 a.m., free April 7: Crafty Friday, 9:30-11:30 a.m., sign up at front desk. Bring a rock or decorate one of ours. We supply the painting supplies. April 13: Easter Luncheon, 11:30 a.m., cost $5 April 14: CLOSED Good Friday April 17: CLOSED Patriots Day TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net May 20: Blue Man Group, matinee, lunch on our own at CambridgeSide Galleria, reserve orchestra seats for a hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $91/pp. June 25: Cape Cod Canal Cruise, lunch at Lindsey's Family Restaurant in East Wareham, cruise the canal out of Onset with entertainment on board, $85/pp. July 25: Newport Playhouse and Cabaret, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of comedy Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept. 13: Thimble Island Cruise, visit USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, Waterfront Lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated Island Cruise, $78/pp. Maximum 48 passengers, part of the cost for this trip is donated to the center. Oct. 13: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, delicious dinner on board, visit to Anheuser Busch Brewery,, $86/pp, maximum 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, delicious family style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club in Plantsville, Ct. Complimentary glass of wine or beer, vegas style show and door prizes, $76/pp. TRAVEL CLUB May 18: London and Paris. Jun. 4-12: Northern California, trains and wineries. Napa Valley wine train, San Fran Bay Cruise, Sonoma Wine Country and Winery tours, Yosemite and more. Sep. 8-15: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27-Nov. 5: Hawaii, Includes a 7 night cruise aboard Pride of American. ACTIVITY CORNER Art is 4 Every: Thursdays, noon (April 13, cancelled) Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. (April 13, cancelled) Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9:15 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Last Mon. of the month, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: YMCA, Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. (April 13, cancelled) Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Alice Boutique: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. You Shop Amazon Gives: Amazon will donate 0.5% of the price of your eligible AmazonSmile purchases to the center whenever you shop on AmazonSmile. AmazonSmile is the same Amazon you know, same products, prices and service. Fitness Room: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. RMV Near Me: 1:30-3:30 p.m. Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES: April 13, 11 a.m., Easter Lunch. Birthday Lunch: April 19, 11:30 a.m. Let us know know when you sign up for lunch that it's your birthday and your meal is on us. WELLNESS SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesdays, 1-2 p.m. Facials: The last Wednesday of the month, April 26. Diane Meill, MA licensed esthetician provides facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at $30. Appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. Drop In With A Nurse: Every Thursday 10-11:30 a.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy. 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: The last Tuesday of the month, April 25, Deb Stroetzel from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: April 26, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: April 26, 10:30 a.m. Brown Bag Program: 3rd Tuesday of each month, April 18, from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. strong>Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: April 12, Second Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m. Council On Aging Board Meeting: April 19, Third Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: 2nd Thursday of the month, April 13, 10:30 a.m. Men's Breakfast Club: April 28, Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m., in Wilbraham. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. Umass Nursing Students: This is a series of engaging discussions designed to inform and encourage. Sign up at the front desk for any or all of the topics. Free giveaways and fun for those who attend. Size is limited so register early all classes begin at 10 a.m. April 5: Eat Right, Be Happy April 12: Is It Nap Time Yet File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. AARP Tax Appointments: Beginning Fridays in Feb., call 413-583-3564 to schedule an appointment. Fuel Assistance: Applications are still available. SPEAKERS Planning For Medicare, Countdown to 65: April 11, 6 p.m. This seminar is a presentation and discussion led by a knowledgeable Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts representative. Please register for this event. Protecting Yourself and Others From Financial Exploitation: April 13, 1:15 p.m. Jacqui Croft will cover many topics including understanding the risks of joint bank accounts. Please register for this event. Lunch and Learn, CarFit: April 26, noon. CarFit is an educational program that offers the opportunity to see how well a personal vehicle fits you. You must register at the front desk or call for the lunch and learn to attend. SPECIAL EVENTS April 4: Decorating Group, 1 p.m. April 7: Armando Sousa's Life Memories, 10:30 a.m. April 11: Paraffin wax Hand Treatments, 1 p.m., registration is required April 12: Free Hand Treatment with Diane Neill, 11 a.m. April 19: 50/50 raffle: New Senior Center Update, 10:30 a.m. April 21: Letters From Home - America's Bombshell Due, 1:30 p.m., tickets are $10 April 24: RMV Near Me 1:30-3:30 p.m. April 25: Evening Trivia 5:30 p.m. April 26: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill, 9:30 a.m. The class is $3 plus the cost of your supplies, please preregister. MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. April 3-4: Moonlight April 10-11: Patriots Day April 18: Loving April 24-25: Fences MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. April 6: Sex And The Single Girl April 20: Three coins In The Fountain TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. Eastfiled Mall or Stop and Shop: April 3, 12:30-3 p.m., cost $2 Senior Social Club: Thursdays, 9:30 a.m. Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, April 18 - May 23, 10 a.m., cost is $30 for 10 sessions Bring the Body, Mind and Breath Connection to Life: April 26-May 31, 3-3:45 p.m., cost is $12 for 6 sessions Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, Feb. 9 - May 25, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS April 10: Lunch Bunch at Schermerhorn's, departure 11 a.m. cost $2. April 20: Richardson's Chocolate and The Grocery Barn, departure 9:30 a.m., cost $2. April 27: West Farms Mall, departure 9 a.m., cost $2. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; women's billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, cribbage 1 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: 2nd Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Mystery Book Club: Movie: Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Wednesdays, 12:45-2:45 p.m., by appointment only. Foot Clinic: 3rd Wednesday of the month, by appointment only. Photo Club: 1st Friday of the month, April 7, 1:30 p.m. Blood Pressure Clinic: 1st Tuesday of the month, April 4, 10 a.m. NCOA Board Meeting: 2nd Thursday of the month, 1:30 p.m. Brown Bag: 2nd Thursday of the month, 10 a.m. Nutritional Outreach: 3rd Friday of the month, 10:30 a.m. AARP Tax: Wednesdays through April 12 by appointment only. Landscape for Life: Fee based classes open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Chess Lessons: John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Upcoming Events DAY TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 April 27: Boston fine arts Museum, $71, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. April 29: Annie, the Musical at the palace Theater, Waterbury Ct. $133, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. May 6: Patriots Place Museum at Patriot Place. Observe the state of the art videos, interactive exhibits and unique displays in the 50,000 square foot venue spread over tow floors. Cost is $76, lunch included at Luciano's Italian restaurant, also shop at the mall. deadline to sign up is April 12. May 11: Norman Rockwell Museum with special Hanna Barbera exhibit, $57, lunch is on your own at Michaels Restaurant, deadline to sign up is April 11. June 19: The Tall Ships come to Boston Harbor, 50 vessels from 20 countries, $118, deadline to sign up is May 1, wait list only July 16: Gloucester Harbor Cruise, $116, lunch is included at the Gloucester House, deadline to sign up is June 17. Aug. 26: Ireland's Great Hunger Museum, departure is 9 a.m., return 5:15 p.m. Cost is $45 which includes round trip bus transportation, entrance fee and guided tour, lunch is on your own. Please make checks payable to Elder Vision and is due by July 26, only 35 seats are available. Oct. 5: Moon River, Andy Williams songs performed by Jimmy Osmond, Lunch is included at Mohegan Sun Casino, $87, deadline to sign up is Sept. 5. EXTENDED TRIPS: For more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21-27, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat, passport is needed, deadline to sign up is March 1. Aug. 20-27, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June), passport is required, deadline is May 1. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; duplicate bridge, noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); Chair Volleyball, 2 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; mixed level tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; advanced beginner tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, bingo, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free Tips To Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. 50+ Job Seekers Networking Group: 10 a.m.-noon, we will be meeting biweekly on the 2nd and 4th Friday of each month, new topic each meeting. Medical Advocate: We have started a medical advocate program to provide a driver and a person to help you at the Dr. office and be your ears and eyes. You will need to call and schedule the appointment with us and also sign off that you give permission for this person to accompany you into the doctors office. All information is completely confidential. This program is only for those who need the help because they do not hear will or do not understand what the Dr. is telling them. AARP Tax Preparation: Every Tuesday until April 11. This is a volunteer run tax assistance and preparation service and is free. It is available to tax payers with low and moderate incomes and residents age 60 and older. Blue Cross Blue Shield: April 7, 12:30 p.m., Health plan options for people with Medicare and Dental Blue 65, you must call to register. Umass Nursing Students: Every Wednesdays until April 12. They will provide us with individual assessments and also group activities. Nutrition and Wellness For Older Adults: Learn about reading nutrition labels, healthy delicious meals and snack ideas, shopping and cooking meals for one or two and reducing sugar and sodium and eating more veggies, fruits and whole grains. Night Time Pitch: 6 p.m. Movie Day 12:30: 1st and 3rd Mondays of the month Todd Smola: 2nd Tuesday of the month, 10 a.m. Tyler Wolanin: 2nd Wednesday of the month, 12:30 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Monday and Wednesday from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tuesday/Thursday from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: 1st Monday of the month, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: 1st Tuesday of the month, 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: By appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: 2nd Thursday of the month, 1:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: 2nd Friday of the month, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: Call for an appointment, Walmart: Pick up begins at 9 a.m., space is limited so call to reserve a seat. You will have approximately 1 hour and 15 minutes to shop. Van Service: Daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no van 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. Friends Of The Palmer Senior Center: Meetings will be on the 3rd Thursday of the month 9 a.m. TRIPS May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3. June 12-14: Ogunquit, ME, $434 pp, double occupancy, $50 deposit at sign up with balance due May 9. It includes a lobster bake dinner at Foster's Dinner at Johnathan's, show at Ogunquit Playhouse, free time in Kennebunkport, Maine, guided tour of Portland, a visit to Lenny Libby's Chocolates, lighthouse picture stop, Kittery shops and village, baggage, handling, meal tips, taxes and drivers gratuities. June 15: Twin River Casino, $65, leave at 7:30 a.m. and depart at 4:30 p.m. Includes $15 slot, lunch buffet and matinee show Four By Four. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon Forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: class will be the 1st and 3rd Friday of the month, 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructor Kathy Bergeron, SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. WELLNESS/SERVICES Blood Pressure Clinic: 4th Tuesday, 10 a.m., with nurse Lisa White Foot Clinic: 3 Mondays per month, please call for an appointment. Reflexology: 2nd and 4th Tuesday of the month, please call for an appointment. Shine: 1st Wed., 10 a.m.-3 p.m., free Medicare plan assistance, please call for an appointment. Caregiver Support Group: 1st Mon., 2 p.m., for people caring for a loved one with Alzheimers or other form of dementia. Call Leanne for information, respite available. Outreach Worker: Monday-Thursday, 8 a.m.-4 p.m., social worker available for information, referrals, assistance with heating, food and housing support. Call for an appointment or walk in. Veteran's Agent: Every Tuesday, 9-11 a.m. Home Repair Program: For Ashfield, Buckland and Shelburne seniors. Small home repairs done by volunteers. Home owner pays for the materials. Call Leanne with project or if interested in volunteering. Van Transportation For Residents of 9 West County Towns: Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-4 p.m., medical, shopping and senior center activities. Call Bob for reservations. Meals: Mon., Tues., and Thur. 11:30 a.m., provided by Lifepath, $2.50 donation. Pizza and Movie: Last Wednesday of the month, preregister for lunch. Special Luncheons, 11:30 a.m. SPECIAL EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Aerobics: Tues. and Thur., 10 a.m. African Drumming: Mon., 1 p.m. Beginner Drawing Class: Tues. 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Thur., 12:15-2 p.m. Bones and Balance: Wed., 10 a.m., Thur. in Ashfield., 9:30 am Bridge: Monthly, March 28, 1 p.m. Cribbage Tournaments: Monthly, April 5, 1:30 p.m. Knitting: Thur. 10-11:30 a.m. Memoir Writing: most Fri., 10 a.m.-noon Tai Chi: Mon., 9:30 a.m. for beginners, 10 a.m., for intermediate, Wed., 9:30 a.m., in Ashfield, Thur., 10 a.m. Wii Bowling: Mon. and Tue., noon. Yoga: Wed. and Thur., 8:30 a.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. LifePath Inc.: Offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every 3rd Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: Please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Foot Clinic: Please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS TRAVEL CLUB WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: 4th Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch and party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: 3rd Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: 1st Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: 1st Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: 1st and 3rd Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: 2nd and 4th Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Community Calendar Jobs Board Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Non-profit Buena Park Emblem Club donates to Ronald McDonald Wish List March 31st, 2017 courtesy Non-profit 0 comments March 29 Buena Park Emblem Club #340 delivered a trunk load of items off the Orange Ronald McDonald House “Wish List”. This is the Emblem Club’s Annual “Afternoon Tea Social Fundraiser for Ronald McDonald House”. Guests were sent the Wish list and asked to bring items off the list or funds to attend the Tea on February 16. Chairman Pat LeMaster and Co-Chairman Dona Stucker provide a very nice setting with some traditional afternoon tea items: Tea Sandwiches, scones, lemon curd, Devonshire cream and assortment of desserts. Guests included Emblem members from Buena Park, Whittier and Huntington Park, Garden Grove Women’s Club, St. Irenaeus Hospitality, friends and relatives of members. This year the Club was also celebrating the 100 th Anniversary of the start of Emblem Club. In 1917 a group of Elks ladies got together in Providence, Rhode Island to roll bandages for World War I wounded soldiers overseas. They felt the combination of assisting others and enjoying good fellowship would appeal to other women and February 17, 1917 with Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks they developed the idea of a national organization called “The Supreme Emblem Club of United States of America”. April 27, 1926 the national organization was Charted. With the assortment of goods brought to the Tea and funds collected to shop for more goods off the “Wish List”, Buena Park Emblem Club President Norma Johnston and members Pat LeMaster and Dona Stucker delivered over $700 worth of goods along with Walmart gift cards and 200 lbs. of pull tads collected by Emblem and Elks members. Buena Park Emblem Club also sent Orange Ronald McDonald House a check from money collected throughout the year in the Club’s Friday Bake Sales at the Buena Park Elks Lodge 7212 Melrose St., Classic Car Show, every Friday 4pm to 7pm. Ronald McDonald House Wish List are personal, household, and pantry items they need to serve the families that stay with them. These items help to assist families of sick and injured children who stay in the houses while children are being treated or in the hospital. Ronald McDonald House rely on Wish List donations to help make their lives a little bit easier. This article was a courtesy release. Tags Buena Park CA Buena Park Emblem Club non-profit Ronald McDonald Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Antonio Padilla sentenced for shooting BB gun at HB police substation Previous article Volunteer to Love Buena Park courtesy This author is used when OC Breeze publishes news releases from other organizations. Related Posts Community April 1st, 2017 Los Alamitos Museum presents Paint Nite Community March 30th, 2017 Boys & Girls Club of Cypress celebrates National Boys & Girls Clubs Week Non-profit March 28th, 2017 Precious Life $1 Day Sale coming on Thursday, March 30th Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above for more information.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) Polls How do you follow important city news? Read the local printed weekly paper Read the regional printed paper Online local news site (Orange County Breeze) Online local news site (News Enterprise) Online regional news site (Orange County Register) Facebook Twitter Nextdoor Word of mouth Online local news site (Los Al News/Let's Fix Los Al) Local access (cable) TV Other View Results  Loading ... More to read every day March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb   Apr »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Travel Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Videos The Scary Reason Why Nearly 1 Million Pounds of Chicken Nuggets Have Been Recalled Food News The Scary Reason Why Nearly 1 Million Pounds of Chicken Nuggets Have Been Recalled Susmita Baral Mar 29, 2017 Food News Food Safety Poultry Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: Felix Furo/Shutterstock) Share Email Chicken-nugget aficionados and chicken-finger enthusiasts be warned — nearly one million pounds of chicken from an Oklahoma-based manufacturer may be contaminated with "extraneous materials." What kind, you ask? The kind nobody wants in their body: metal. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS), Ok Food Inc. has issued a recall of their chicken products. After five customers reported finding metal objects in their food, an investigation took place to reveal the metal pieces came from the belting of a metal conveyer. "After an internal investigation, the firm identified the affected product and determined that the objects in all the complaints came from metal conveyor belting," FSIS says in a statement. The USDA has classified the recall as Class I — the most severe of the three classes — and says the recall is a high health risk. Class I is issued when there is a health hazard situation "where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious, adverse health consequences or death." The recall impacts 933,272 pounds of breaded chicken produced from December 19, 2016, through March 7, 2017. While no injuries have been reported thus far, FSIS recommends consumers toss out or return any recalled products. Ok Food sells their chicken products under various brand names at popular food retailers around the country, including Walmart's Great Value. The thought of accidentally consuming metal shards is daunting, so consumers should refer to the list of products impacted before indulging in ready-to-eat chicken products. And if the terms of the recall are too complicated, you can always use the USDA's "Ask Karen" virtual representative tool 24 hours a day, seven days a week for further assistance. In the meantime, maybe try making your own chicken nuggets and chicken tenders at home. Read more: OK Food Inc. Recalls Breaded Chicken Products Due To Possible Foreign Matter Contamination from Food Safety and Inspection Service Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2017 Apartment Therapy, LLC. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Wife of teacher accused of kidnapping student files for divorce By Melkorka Licea View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 1, 2017 | 2:55pm Modal Trigger Jill Cummins WKRN The wife of a Tennessee teacher accused of abducting his 15-year-old student has filed for divorce, according to a report. Elizabeth Thomas and Tad CumminsTennessee Bureau of Investigation Jill Cummins submitted the documents Friday to split from husband Tad Cummins, 50, who’s along with student Elizabeth Thomas, has been missing since March 13. Jill cited “irreconcilable differences” as her reasoning and alleges her hubby is “guilty of inappropriate marital conduct,” WKRN reported. The wife had previously begged her husband to return home and “do the right thing” at a news conference, but has not spoken to Cummins since he disappeared. The teacher and teen went on the lam after another student reported seeing them kiss in Cummins’ classroom at Culleoka Unit School in Maury County, police said. Cummins was eventually suspended over the allegation until he was formally fired the day after he and Thomas disappeared. The two have since been spotted on camera buying food at a Walmart in Oklahoma City the afternoon of March 15, CNN reported. In the Walmart footage, Cummins had darkened his hair and Thomas appears to have died her hair red. Cummins was added to Tennessee’s “Top 10 Most Wanted” list on Friday, authorities said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under abductions ,  amber alert ,  divorce ,  kidnappings ,  tennessee Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next New DNC boss says Trump 'didn't win the election' Read Next New DNC boss says Trump 'didn't win the election' Share Selection Trending Now in News 78,054 Trump says he can't make a mistake, then instantly makes a mistake 28,265 Mama June debuts new body 18,694 Soon you'll be able to go to work in a flying taxi Now On Justin Trudeau wants another shot at Matthew Perry Author ‘thrilled’ Meryl Streep will narrate Netflix series Author is letting her exes ask questions during book reading SEE ALL Now On What’s New On Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime Video, And HBO: April 2017’s Top Shows And Movies SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant The New York Times' ongoing dishonesty only helps Trump That time Huma was asked to plan Hillary's funeral Staring at boobs is just one of six easy ways... More Stories pagesix Mama June debuts new body Now On Decider The Steamiest Selections From Netflix’s “Steamy” Section nypost Trump says he can't make a mistake, then instantly makes a mistake New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Startups LATEST NEWS Lok Sabha by-polls: High stakes battle for PDP, NC, Congress View: Mass closure of abattoirs will hit Muslims, Dalits, farmers Top soil scientist keen to help India, but 'nobody listens' ISRO embraces private sector, outsources satellite manufacture Love kills six times more Indians than terror attacks The precarious situation of India’s water problem China’s reaction to my Arunachal visit is normal: Dalai Lama Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 04:05 PM | 31 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,620-26.92 NIFTY 50 9,1740.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,451-91.0 USD/INR 64.85-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Amazon, Flipkart battle now moves to in-house brands By Rahul Sachitanand, ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 02, 2017, 10.02 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » value chain | Sunday ET | In house brands | Flipkart | Ecommerce | Amazon Flipkart | Amazon The ecommerce market is expected to grow from $26 billion ( Rs 1.7 lakh crore) currently to $103 billion ( Rs 6.8 lakh crore) by 2019-20, according to Goldman Sachs. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 Three years ago, technology giant Amazon introduced Echo, its range of wireless speakers, into an already crowded market. Leaning on its in-house technology and marketing muscle (the etailer has made waves previously with its Kindle and Fire devices), Amazon has sold over eight million units of Echo. For a company best known in India for its ecommerce platform, success of private labels such as Echo is useful in a cutthroat battle. In India, the behemoth is locked in a bruising tussle with homegrown rival Flipkart. The ecommerce market is expected to grow from $26 billion ( Rs 1.7 lakh crore) currently to $103 billion ( Rs 6.8 lakh crore) by 2019-20, according to Goldman Sachs. Private labels could help Amazon reel in new cost-conscious customers, especially from smaller towns, from where etailers get half their business. Amazon and Flipkart are following contrasting strategies in their pursuit of private labels. The Seattle-based Amazon, which launched its ecommerce platform in July 2013, launched AmazonBasics in September 2015 in the consumer electronics category, home and kitchen brand Solimo in early 2016, followed by fashion offerings Myx and Symbol in the latter half of the year. "Private brands play a role in providing great value to the customer by reducing costs from the value chain (optimised design for ecommerce) and providing this as value to the customer," says an Amazon India spokesperson. "There are customers who are willing to try out a new brand, provided it offers a reliable product at an attractive price point." Globally, Amazon, with sales of $136 billion in 2016, has had success with private label offerings. Private labels could help Amazon reel in new cost-conscious customers, especially from smaller towns, from where etailers get half their business. AmazonBasics and Elements babycare products control a quarter to a third of their respective markets in the US. Across categories as disparate as electronics accessories and baby care, Amazon has built a robust private label unit, helping ecommerce firms squeeze additional margins — 15-20% more than competing-third party brands — from this business. At Flipkart, which is reportedly raising some $2 billion in much-needed funding, private labels may be a good booster shot on its journey to profitability. As both companies duel for supremacy in India's ecommerce market — and try to wean off discounting and other freebies — private labels could offer a more sustainable way of doing business. "Private labels will be one of the important pillars for their efforts to become profitable," says Kartik Hosanagar, John C Hower professor of technology & digital business at The Wharton School, US. "While Amazon has experience from US, Flipkart can draw on its experience from Myntra.i" The fashion etailer, which Flipkart acquired in May 2014 for $300 million, expects a fourth of its business from private labels by the end of next fiscal year; in March it opened its first offline store to push sales of its Roadster clothing label. For Myntra, some private labels have grown strongly; HRX (devised in association with actor Hrithik Roshan), is a Rs 120 crore unit and others such as All About You and Rapido are growing too, providing learnings for Flipkarti¦s own ambitious private label push. However, as Flipkart dukes it out with Amazon, it may be too early to forecast a winner. "While private labels will be key to profitability for both, I doni¦t think any of them has an edge on the matter," adds Hosanagar. The House Wins Flipkart is chasing this opportunity. "We considered hundreds of categories while evaluating private label opportunity and are focused on segments with significant price, specification and quality gaps," says Adarsh Menon, head, private labels, Flipkart. The company has been building its private label business. Since December 2016, under the Flipkart Smart Buy brand, it has had over a dozen offerings, starting with mobile phone chargers and cables. By year-end, Flipkart could have many as many as 80 private label products listed. Meanwhile, Amazon India, which has committed $5 billion to its India business, wants to give its users the widest choice at competitive prices -- and it hopes to use its private labels to help meet these goals. "All of Amazon's private brands are created to give customer satisfaction -- choice, value and convenience. Creating products for specific categories enables us to increase the overall selection available to Amazon customers," says an Amazon India spokesperson. As the battle for control of India's online shoppers intensifies, Amazon India chief Amit Agarwal told ET that the firm is positioning itself as a onestop-shop for consumers, especially in the hinterland. Providing cheaper in-house labels may be one way to reach these value-conscious consumers. "We want customers to be able to find, discover and buy anything online and any seller to sell anything online that is compliant and legal," he said in an interview. Like offline retailers, online marketplaces led by Amazon India and Flipkart are warming to the promise of private labels (also referred to as private brands, in-store brands/ labels). These labels are typically designed and sourced inhouse, with the final product licensed to thirdparty manufacturers. By having greater control of the entire process, ecommerce companies can price these products lower and, using their technology platform, squeeze more profits from them. As these etailers bolster their private-label offerings, experts suggest that they need to learn to think less like operators of technology marketplaces and more like oldschool retailers. "While I see no reason for these technology-centric etailers not getting 15-20% of their business from private labels, they will need to quickly learn oldschool retail skills of sourcing, design, manufacturing and quality control to compete in this market," says Pragya Singh, vice-president, Technopak, a retail management consultancy. The shift towards private labels will push the Amazon-Flipkart battle in a fresh direction. The shift towards private labels will push the Amazon-Flipkart battle in a fresh direction. The shift towards private labels will push the Amazon-Flipkart battle in a fresh direction. Experts expect both companies to start with low-hanging fruit and quickly scale up their businesses to target higher value items such as consumer electronics. "Amazon has the advantage of being highly innovative in all of its processes and it will bring to the table the same style and flavour of innovation," says Anindya Ghose, professor at the Stern School of Business, US. "It's this focus on innovation that would enable these online retailers to take on these big (offline) giants and they do have the advantage of having streamlined costs of distribution over many years." The Amazon spokesperson says:"Our private labels fulfil customer need gaps and our entire selection is geared to meet customer needs and make Amazon an everyday store. We evaluate the performance of our entire selection regularly to ensure it remains customer-focused." Flipkart executives, meanwhile, don't believe in playing for second place. " We studies private label businesses across the world, especially at leading brick-andmortar retailers such as Walmart and Costco," says the company's private label head Menon. "To be sure, in a category with high brand concentration, it is much tougher to build a successful private label brand)." Despite these challenges, Flipkart has made some progress — half the sales of cables and chargers on its platform come from its home label. According to industry experts, ecommerce firms face a challenging balancing act as they seek to expand their private label businesses. For one, they have traditionally built themselves as brand-agnostic technology platforms with consumers zeroing in on them not only for selection, but quality, price and convenience. While private labels may provide cheaper offerings to browsers, ecommerce companies risk antagonising large brands by introducing homegrown products to compete with them. "Large horizontal ecommerce platforms need to balance their relationships with large clients by deciding which specific opportunities they are focusing on, rather than diluting their private brand foray by spreading themselves thin across disparate categories," says Singh of Technopak. It may even make sense to focus on brandlight online categories such as furniture, lingerie and fashion jewellery. The other challenge is to lure brand-conscious consumers from aspirational brands to a more unfamiliar territory. "While it's true that consumers seek aspirational brands, our data tells us that there are customers willing to try out a new brand, provided it offers a reliable product at an attractive price point," says the Amazon India spokesperson. According to experts, this private label duel between India's top two ecommerce companies has happened in step with shifting consumer behaviour. "Consumers have gotten more comfortable with private labels and consider them as interchangeable with national brands," says Ghose of the Stern School of Business. "It is this change in consumer behaviour that online retailers like Amazon and Flipkart have capitalised on and are leveraging and harnessing to the full extent." Globally, private labels have made significant headway. According to estimates from Private Label Manufacturers Association, an industry lobby in Amsterdam, these products account for 21% of retail sales (in Italy) to as much as 52% in Switzerland. Private labels account for nearly a fifth of US sales, with these products accounting for 20-25% of sales for top retail names such as Walmart. Experts like Rajat Wahi, a partner with KPMG, are bullish on private labels' potential in India (See "Private labels work..."), stating in a recent column in ET that they could account for as much as half of organised retail sales in the country, assuming the organised segment accounts for 30% of the overall market. It's this kind of optimism that has pushed Flipkart and Amazon to dive into this market. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB What Happened To Barbi Benton? We Can't Look Away.. The Ne.. Tomorrowoman Exclusive savings on your next Jeep Wrangler Edmunds Photo Evidence Of Why Babies Need Dogs Will Melt Your Heart Dogsome.netMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 20 Celebs You Might Not Know Are Twins Trend Chaser No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online Game The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Disappointed BCCI uploaded Jadeja-Wade chat: Steve Smith BRO to build tunnels on Bomdila-Tawang road READ MORE ON » value chain | Sunday ET | In house brands | Flipkart | Ecommerce | Amazon Flipkart | Amazon To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Amazon, Flipkart battle now moves to in-house brands Online startups on a gravy train after the clampdown on UP's illegal slaughterhouses This real-life Iron Man invented a flying suit so that you can fly like Tony Stark Uber gives global head of tax and accounting, Francois Chadwick, extra charge in Uber India How SMEs can use GST to manage their working capital More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Letters to the Editor Contact Us About Us Subscribe to TYT Advertise With Us Sunday 02 April, 2017 Cantina Bar El ChemBech – A great new option on the east side of Centro! FBI arrests Mexican prosecutor for alleged drug trafficking Teacher on the run with 15-year-old student may be posing as missionary in Mexico: DA Jewelry heist suspect says he was forced to come to Las Vegas from Mexico Mexico raises interest rate as inflation hits highest level since recession Home News Peninsula Merida Valladolid Beach Communities Yucatan Campeche Q. Roo Riviera Maya National International Crime Travel Lifestyle Expat Community Art and Culture Events Calendar Entertainment Yuca Planet Historic Yucatan Maya Universe Environment Wildlife Pets Real Estate House of the Week Business Business YucaTech Food and Drink Medical Tourism Specialists Hospitals Pharmaceutical Wellness Columns Directory Published On: Sat, Apr 1st, 2017 Crime / Headlines / International / News | By Yucatan Times Teacher on the run with 15-year-old student may be posing as missionary in Mexico: DA Share This Tags According to Yahoo.com, the Tennessee teacher who has not been seen since allegedly running off with one of his students more than two weeks ago may have fled south of the border. Brent Cooper, the district attorney for Maury County, Tennessee, called teacher Tad Cummins a “religious man,” telling ABC News that the 50-year-old may have fled to Mexico with student Elizabeth Thomas, 15. “It’s possible that’s where they are,” said Cooper, who explained that Cummins is “familiar with missionary work… He could easily blend into that kind of culture.” According to authorities, Cummins invented a past for himself to make him appear more fascinating to his students. “He was kind of brainwashing all the kids into thinking he was something he wasn’t,” Cooper said, including a former FBI and CIA agent. “I’m sure all that played into Elizabeth’s feelings toward him. It was a complete deception.” Cummins and Thomas vanished together on March 13. Despite hundreds of tips and leads, there have been no credible sightings of the pair and an Amber Alert remains in effect for Elizabeth. (Image: Yahoo.com) The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) said: “The lack of confirmed sightings, however, continues to lead TBI to believe Cummins could have Thomas hidden from view of the general public or far away from Tennessee.” Thomas had last been seen wearing an oversized flannel shirt, black leggings and sneakers. Though Cummins was spotted in a local Walmart days before the alleged abduction shopping for hair dye, investigators said they have been able to determine that purchase was not connected to any plan to change his or Thomas’ appearance. A warrant has been issued for Cummins’ arrest on charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, the TBI said. Cummins is believed to be armed with two handguns and could be driving a silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT. Last week, he was added to the state’s Top 10 Most Wanted list. There is a $1,000 reward for information connected to his capture. Officials asked property owners, especially in rural areas, to search their grounds for the pair, the vehicle or any other signs of suspicious activity. “The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation remains hopeful and committed to its efforts to reunite the young girl with her family, friends, and community, as the search for her and her alleged kidnapper continues,” the TBI said. Anyone with information is asked to call 1-800-TBI-FIND, or to call 911 immediately if Cummins’ vehicle is spotted. Source: https://www.yahoo.com/ Mexico Travel Care Comments comments Related News FBI arrests Mexican prosecutor for alleged drug trafficking Jewelry heist suspect says he was forced to come to Las Vegas from Mexico Mexico raises interest rate as inflation hits highest level since recession Judge in ‘Porkys’ sexual assault case suspended after controversial ruling Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) XHTML: You can use these html tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Mexico Travel Care KINUH Home Contact Us Headlines Local News DISCLAIMER All Rights Reserved The Yucatan Times 2014 Teacher on the run with 15-year-old student may be posing as missionary in Mexico: DA
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu #BLESSED Where to read the nitty-gritty details of White House employees’ personal finances Written by Zoë Schlanger Obsession "America First" April 01, 2017 Steve Bannon made between $1.4 and $2.5 million last year. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Share Written by Zoë Schlanger Obsession "America First" April 01, 2017 The White House released the financial details of some of its employees last night, painting a picture of spectacular wealth held by the Trump administration’s top staff. At a press conference Friday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer described the employees as “very blessed and very successful.” And now anyone can now see just how blessed they are; ProPublica posted disclosures for 63 employees on a public Google Documents folder, accessible here. Searchable versions of them are available on Document Cloud. BuzzFeed also uploaded 50 disclosures to Document Cloud. You can request the financial details of a total of 180 White House employees through the White House’s website, although responses are not immediate. (Donald Trump and vice president Mike Pence’s personal financial details are not included in this disclosure). Trump’s cabinet is likely the wealthiest in U.S. history—his first 17 cabinet picks boasted a combined $9.5 billion in wealth at the time they were appointed, more than the wealth of a third of American households combined. The disclosures provide more granular data on White House staffers, including that Steve Bannon was worth as much as $40 million when he became senior counselor to president Trump. Tweaking these numbers. Bannon earned between $1.4M and $2.5M in the last year. $545K of that came from Mercer-linked entities. https://t.co/bI5Qn2IYLh — Rebecca Ballhaus (@rebeccaballhaus) April 1, 2017 And despite selling off hundreds of real estate assets, Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump still hold as much as $740 million worth of real estate and business investments (read Kushner’s disclosure). Kellyanne Conway, a top advisor to the president, made $800,000 last year as the head of her consulting agency; her clients included the Tea Party Patriots and the National Rifle Association. They’re full of curious personal details too. Sean Spicer held held investments in McDonalds, Walmart, Coca-Cola, and Exxon Mobil—and seems to have taken out four mortgages in the first 60 days of 2017. His wife is the spokesperson for a national beer distribution trade group. ProPublica editors teamed up with journalists at the Associated Press and the New York Times on Friday night to wade through bureaucratic red tape to access the documents, ProPublica deputy managing editor Eric Umansky explained on Twitter. The White House made the staffers’ financial documents “available,” he said, but “they didn’t actually post them…they required a separate request for each disclosure.” Because the White House didn’t list the names that were available, “It was like playing transparency bingo,” he said. So ProPublica editor Tracy Weber thought to call up editors at other outlets to pool efforts, he said. Minutes later, the New York Times and Associated Press were on board, and the three outlets began requesting documents simultaneously, Umansky said. Obama’s White House also made employee finances accessible by request; Their financial disclosures can be found here. Most Popular Set up a VPN in 10 minutes for free—and yes, Americans urgently need one, thanks to Congress Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 4/1/17 - 04/01/2017 - Yves Smith Ilargi: Our Economies Run On Housing Bubbles - 04/01/2017 - Yves Smith The Paradoxes of Fiscal Austerity in Brazil - 04/01/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/31/2017 - 03/31/2017 - Lambert Strether Why Has Italy’s Banking Crisis Gone Off the Radar? - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/31/17 - 03/31/2017 - Lambert Strether Inequality in the US: A Tale of Two Countries - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith Settling the Brexit Bill: 12 Negotiating Questions - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith Gaius Publius: Crossing the U.S. Border with Electronic Devices - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/1/17 Posted on April 1, 2017 by Yves Smith Great-grandma survives five days in Colorado wilderness BBC US hiker given warning for rescuing ‘abandoned’ bear cub BBC Polar bears spotted in Scotland as animals flee melting Arctic ice cap Telegraph :-( Jane Austen, a £400 painting and an art mystery Financial Times Trump EPA Green Lights Pesticide Known to Damage Children’s Brains Chicago Tribune (furzy) Multifunctional Landscapes Would Be a Boon to Rural Vitality for the Midwest Big Picture Agriculture Brexit EU draws up tough stance on Brexit transition deal Financial Times. Quelle surprise! The EU did what it said it would do. Outrage as Spain and EU accused of using Brexit to take back Gibraltar, as MPs say Britain will ‘not be bullied’ Telegraph. Someone noticed this in the FT comments section yesterday. This means this is a bargaining chip, as in the UK is expected to concede something to keep it. The EU is making it clear that Brexit is not going to come cheap. First Minister’s Questions Scottish Parliament. Our Richard Smith gets a shout out, and a prominent one too! Congrats Richard! Britain Demands That Twitter, Facebook, Google Tackle Extremism Fortune Protesters set fire to Paraguay Congress after secret vote on presidential term DW Big Brother is Watching You Watch Marble Framework WikiLeaks. Bill B: “‘Marble is used to hamper forensic investigators and anti-virus companies from attributing viruses, trojans and hacking attacks to the CIA.’ This is why attribution is a lost cause despite the assurances of security vendors and government spies. Operational signatures can be mimicked, attacks staged, and forensic artifacts forged. All to the greater glory of U.S. foreign policy objectives. Welcome to the wilderness of mirrors.” WikiLeaks says CIA disguised hacking as Russian activity  Daily Mail Online (martha r) WikiLeaks Assange’s fate hinging on close Ecuador election this Sunday Fox (furzy) Two Middle Eastern airlines are loaning laptops and iPads following electronics ban Verge (resilc) Russia and China Catch Security Council in a Devastating Lie Russia Insider Trump Transition Mistakes, He’s Made a Few Too Many Peggy Noonan, Wall Street Journal. Nooners is judicious, so for her, this is very strong stuff. When the President Is Ignorant of His Own Ignorance New York Times 1 in 3 voters give President Trump a grade F McClatchy. Bob K: “But Republicans approve by 79-10 percent.” Trump demands solution to US trade deficit with China Financial Times U.S. Seeks Quick Action to Unblock Trump Immigration Order Bloomberg Trump wants to cut U.N. funding — but peacekeeping saves money, as well as lives Washington Post (furzy) As Trump Sputters, Democrats Press Their Advantage On Infrastructure Huffington Post. Dems calling for fiscal spending. Good. Let’s see how long it lasts. The Daily 202: How Trump’s threats against the Freedom Caucus may backfire Washington Post Behind Michael Flynn’s Turkish Lobbying Controversy, An Israeli Gas Pipeline Real News Network (Ulpanaylaylo) Senate Intelligence Committee Denies Immunity To Michael Flynn In Russia Probe Huffington Post In Rebuke to Trump Policy, GE Chief Says ‘Climate Change Is Real’ Wall Street Journal Obamacare Why Trump should embrace single-payer health care New York Post (martha r) What the Free Market Does to Healthcare Esquire (resilc) Bernie Sanders Wants to Expand Medicare to Everybody — Exactly What Its Architects Wanted Intercept (martha r) Anthem likely to pull back from Obamacare markets in 2018: Jefferies Reuters (martha r) American Healthcare – A Racket Of Rackets James Howard Kunstler (RR) The Democrats Are Learning Something They Should Have Learned a Long Time Ago Charles Pierce, Esquire (resilc) How the Freedom Caucus Is Undermining the G.O.P. New York Times FASCISM HAS ALREADY COME TO AMERICA MTV (Bob K) South Carolina U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford: Trump threatened to back primary challenger against me Post and Courier The Anti-Trump Movement In North Carolina Has The Potential To Flip The South Huffington Post This piece is way over its skis. It’s not as if what happens in one state affects another. Mass state politics do not affect Maine, for instance. North Carolina is not Deep South. In any other Southern state advocating transgender bathroom rights would be political suicide (save Virginia which despite having been part of the Confederacy is not hard core South). And Alabama loves Trump. California lawmakers release details on universal health care bill East Bay Times (martha r) Official says interstate repairs to take months Washington Post (martha r). Wowsers. Police State Watch With Trump, Police Hope to Deploy Military Gear Banned Under Obama Wall Street Journal (furzy) Fake News This one is a real blooper and I cannot let it pass by Tyler Cowen (martha r) Trump Says CNN Is Fake News — But That’s Where He Wants Surrogates BuzzFeed (furzy) Trucker drives non-stop from Seattle to Mass. while high on drugs New York Daily News (martha r) CalPERS’ Pension ‘Myths’ Busted California Political Review. Some of the counter-claims here are exaggerations or flat out false. The analysis attributed to “Stanford University” was made by grad students and has been criticized (but oddly not by CalPERS in any sort of rigorous manner, all the agency has attempted is a handwave). It also flagrantly misrepresents SB 400, which effectively applied only to “badges” as in police officers like state troopers, who are in jobs deemed hazardous and can retire in their 50s at full benefits. But it is 100% correct in depicting how cack-handed CalPERS has been in its use of the lame “Myth vs. Facts” and its other messaging efforts. We wrote about an earlier misrepresentation here. Wall Street’s New Favorite Way to Swap Secrets Is Against the Rules Bloomberg Amazon and Walmart are in an all-out price war that is terrifying America’s biggest brands Recode (martha r) Guillotine Watch How a Cruel Foreclosure Drove a Couple to the Brink of Death Dave Dayen, Vice (Steve). Today’s must read. Note that part of why this came about is that bankruptcy judges are Federal judges and way over the caliber of state court judges that handle foreclosures. And bankruptcy judges take very badly to violations of the bankruptcy stay. What Caused the Downfall of New York City’s Glitziest Restaurant? Bloomberg. This piece is missing something. Le Cirque went out of its way to try to be a club for rich regulars, to the point of giving noticeably poor service to newbie diners, on the apparent assumption that they were out of town hicks. This was long established; I ate there once in the 1980s when I was on an expense account and resolved never to go there again. Class Warfare Penn Plaza Matters Memorial March Against Gentrification. “Pittsburghers call on the City to purchase Penn Plaza Apartments for long-term affordable housing and to adopt policies to prevent city-wide displacement.” Dunno why the e-mal for a march on April 1 at noon hit my inbox at 5:41 PM on Friday, but it you are in Pittsburgh and can participate on short notice, I hope you will. “March begins at the corner of Penn Ave and Centre Ave in East Liberty and will end with call to action at Penn Plaza Apartments near the corner of Penn Ave and Negley Ave ” Contacts Crystal Jennings: 412-335-7093; Randall Taylor: 412-537-2564, randalltaylor2016@gmail.com; Helen Gerhardt: 412-518-7387, helengerhardt1@gmail.com How pharmacy benefit managers morphed from processors to predators Dave Dayen, American Prospect (furzy) WILL ROBOTS REPLACE HUMAN DOCTORS? JSTOR. This is nuts. Interaction with doctors has major placebo effects. And I would not consent to being treated by a robot. Antidote du jour. Lawrence R, from Spring Ledge Farm,New London, NH which sent this via e-mail: Even with all the white stuff falling from the sky, we will have the scheduled seed sowing workshop tomorrow, Saturday April 1st, from 10-3. Why are we still having the workshop in a snowstorm, you ask? Here are some reasons, in no particular order: -It’s April dammit. -And then there’s denial…that’s in play for sure. -Plus we’re farmers, who just have to deal with the weather every day of the year, so no big whoop. -And possibly stubbornness plays a role, As yankees, we don’t like to see things change. -Although it could be pride; yup, I’m not proud to admit that pride does play a role. And the picture caption is: “Floppy & Joe enjoying an exotic ray of sunshine.” See yesterday’s Links and Antidote du Jour here. 00300 This entry was posted in Links on April 1, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Ilargi: Our Economies Run On Housing Bubbles Subscribe to Post Comments 219 comments UserFriendly April 1, 2017 at 7:24 am How a Cruel Foreclosure Drove a Couple to the Brink of Death Dave Dayen, Vice (Steve). Good for that judge! Now how do we get this in front of a judge? http://www.huffingtonpost.com/c-cryn-johannsen/student-loan-debt-suicides_b_1638972.html Reply ↓ Katharine April 1, 2017 at 12:02 pm Or this bait and switch: http://www.commondreams.org/news/2017/03/31/borrowers-chilled-bone-doe-reneges-student-loan-forgiveness Reply ↓ Susan the other April 1, 2017 at 1:13 pm A very astute federal Judge, Judge Christopher Klein. I wish someone would file some federal argument to bring before him the whole clouded title fiasco – all across the country this problem will persist forever until someone addresses it. Reply ↓ DJG April 1, 2017 at 4:44 pm From the middle of the article by David Dayen: –This unusual candor hints at executive culpability for foreclosure fraud. “The judge signaled something very important here, which every regulator knows,” said Eric Mains, a former FDIC official who left the agency to fight his own foreclosure case. “This kind of corrupt culture can only be maintained with knowing approval from the top executives.”– And this paragraph encapsulates why I think that so much of the bloviating about Trump as the bad businessman is in bad faith. This paragraph shows how many businesspeeps in the U S of A operate. (Carla Fiorina spring to mind?) So much of the tantruming and fainting among the critics of Trump is a false front: American businesses are poorly managed because there has been so much to steal for so long. Trump isn’t all that exceptional. Reply ↓ craazyman April 1, 2017 at 7:40 am Polar Bears in Scotland Fleeing Melting Icecap? — You’ve been April Fooled! Check out what it actually says in the Link. God Forbid anybody thinks clearly about reality! LOL This is hilarious ” It’s not inconceivable, say scientists, that as the island becomes overcrowded, the bears could one day head south to Glasgow. Polar bears, the most carnivorous members of the bear family, would likely be able to survive by scavenging in the city’s bins for discarded haggis, kebabs and other meat products.” Also, the Ameritrade banner ads are taking over the browser window and completely blocking access to the NC web site (this is not NC’s doing, to be sure). It happened to me this a.m. on an iPad and in Explorer on a laptop. It’s probably not Ameritrade’s fault either — probably a tech glitch — but what a horribly apt metaphor for the entire financial services industry nonetheless. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny April 1, 2017 at 8:13 am The haggis is the giveaway. Reply ↓ katiebird April 1, 2017 at 9:13 am WOW: The Ameritrade Banner thing is annoying. I couldn’t get past it in Safari… Finally just now swithed to FireFoxand got in. Is AmeriTrade doing a cruel joke on you guys?? Ps Should we email you when things like this happen? I don’t want to annoy you but things like this can’t be good. Reply ↓ crittermom April 1, 2017 at 9:50 am I, too, had trouble with that damn ad. Took over a half-dozen tries before I was able to read the site. Reply ↓ JohnL April 1, 2017 at 10:29 am Took me 4 tries. Reply ↓ jo6pac April 1, 2017 at 11:19 am Yes, I had the same problem Reply ↓ polecat April 1, 2017 at 11:47 am You’all buyin into the idea of cell phones as a device of progress is laughable ! What’s not to crapify ?! Reply ↓ Ian April 1, 2017 at 10:08 am I switched from google to duckduckgo on my phone and that seemed to solve it. Dont know if its a bs rational but it worked for me. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman April 1, 2017 at 11:35 am In case it’s any use to anyone trying to pinpoint &/or bypass the problem, and by way of confirmation of what katiebird and Ian said: using a DuckDuckGo/Firefox combination as default settings (on desktop OS X 10.6), this has never happened. Then again I don’t think I’ve even seen that ad, so it could be a matter of geographical targeting (London — not Ontario, the other one — location), or an uncannily accurate cookies-trawl that concludes: “zero-assets basket case”. Reply ↓ Dead Dog April 2, 2017 at 12:14 am I think there is a mismatch between the technology being deployed to advertise, particularly using video, and the speed of the internet. I’m on fibre to house, 25MBS download, yet as soon as I go on a news site with the latest fandangled scripts running in their own windows, my fan boots in to help the processor. I then make a decision about whether the page is worth it and often just say no and close. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim April 1, 2017 at 11:30 am Ameritrade has been gobbling up the Android screen here at the Arizona Slim Ranch. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 1, 2017 at 3:52 pm Took over last night even with Firefox, not this morning. Reply ↓ different clue April 2, 2017 at 2:36 am I had that same problem. I figured it was some kind of high level sabotage by people trying to destroy Naked Capitalism by poisoning access. If it was a particular ad and the people behind it who caused this, they should be subjected to a level of revenge that no one will ever forget . . . ideally by the systematic extermination of the company or companies involved from the face of the earth. It would take a readership of tens of millions to even try to make that happen, of course. But that should be the goal whenever something like this is caused to happen. Reply ↓ makedoanmend April 1, 2017 at 10:35 am The polar bear is not, I repeat, is NOT an April fools. There are purported sighting of the bear and Nessie stopping for photo ops this very a.m. On the other hand, haggis is definitely an April fools – but some people don’t get the joke, including my spouse, who actually eat it. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 1, 2017 at 11:00 am Sorry I’ve yelled at the ad service as of last night. No action. I’ve just pinged my WP guy, who is in CA and thus probably not in service yet. I’ll have him yank the ad code. Hopefully he sees my e-mail sooner rather than later. Reply ↓ crittermom April 1, 2017 at 11:47 am Thanks, Yves. Please note, that each of us responding did not give up in trying to access the site. You have loyal followers with tenacity and determination. No one will deny us our NC news! Reply ↓ jo6pac April 1, 2017 at 1:05 pm Thanks, works fine now and agree with crittermom. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 12:45 pm Any way to divert the PBs away from working class Glasgow to posh Edinburgh? Maybe by showing them some of those kitschy Edinburgh airbnb listings? Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny April 1, 2017 at 12:49 pm One will come over and do an outrageous stand up set at the Fringe. Mark my words. Reply ↓ sleepy April 1, 2017 at 1:53 pm Though it’s an April fools joke, polar bear sightings in the outer Hebrides wouldn’t surprise me. I was in Newfoundland in May a few years ago–much of which is on the same latitude as northern Minnesota–and there were standard polar bear warnings in one of the provincial parks. Every year brings news of sightings close to towns, and even some break-ins at farm buildings. Apparently when the sea ice breaks up they get stranded on one of the ice sheets and float south until they hit the coast of Newfoundland where they scrounge around for food until they head back north or are airlifted out by the authorities. Reply ↓ Xihuitl April 2, 2017 at 1:36 am Exhausted polar bear washes up on coast of Scotland in 2010. http://www.countrylife.co.uk/news/country-news/polar-bear-washes-up-on-scotlands-isle-of-mull-24119 Reply ↓ Jen April 1, 2017 at 7:54 am Love the antidote from Lawrence R. Looking forward to stopping by Spring Ledge Farm when spring finally gets here. You never know where you’ll find another member of the NC commentariat! Since I’m an avid cross country skier, I’m one of the few of my acquaintance who is doing a happy dance as the white stuff piles up outside. Reply ↓ petal April 1, 2017 at 8:27 am Yes, I will be stopping by Spring Ledge as well next time I’m in New London and will make another trip down to pick strawberries. Very excited about supporting another NC reader. Already have seeds started or I’d have ventured down today for some fun. Jen, also doing a happy dance about the snow-my older brother thinks I’m crazy. Looking forward to taking some pictures outside. Lights have flickered a couple of times so who knows. Enjoy! Reply ↓ HotFlash April 1, 2017 at 11:27 am Cool! We should devise a secret NC handshake! Reply ↓ petal April 1, 2017 at 12:04 pm We should! Love meeting other readers! Reply ↓ Arizona Slim April 1, 2017 at 4:23 pm I agree! Would love to share that secret handshake with NC people who come to Tucson. And, of course, those who are already here. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 8:08 am The Paraguay Reichstag Fire is more complicated than what we get from the basic note from DW. First, it should be noted that the proposed term limit extensions were supported both by the current president and by the followers of the president his regime deposed, mildly leftist Fernando Lugo. So boiling this down to an Us Leftists vs Them Oligarchs ain’t gonna work here. Secondly, there is this from curent Minister of Interior Tadeo Rojas, who after trying to ‘splain why his security forces had fired on the crowd with rubber bullets, said the following: Security personnel from some congress members were the ones who started the provocation. Some members of congress came with the intent to start trouble. After the forces were repressed, they came forward with peace overatures, but at the outset, they were the ones who started it. Mandy Rice-Davies applies, but keeping in mind that the Right generally benefits from any democratic disruption, only a cynic would think yesterday’s events had much to do with term limits. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 8:17 am It’s a slippery slope; if the UK gives Spain back Gibraltar, then Spain will want back Torremolinos, then Benidorm… [canned laughter] Joking aside, the Gibraltar threat is a pretty paltry bargaining chip, mainly because no one will take it seriously. Whilst Treeza and her wingbats would love nothing more than to put on their Falklands paraphanelia and head to the situation room, it will take more than Prince Harry in fatigues to scare Brussels. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 1, 2017 at 8:43 am A more likely outcome is the good prince serving as the admiral of a massive sealift to return Gibraltar’s 30,001 souls to Blighty. Harry’s command ship, of course, will be the renowned HMS Boaty McBoatface. Reply ↓ Clive April 1, 2017 at 11:30 am The Duchess of Cornwall is, however, another matter. I was firmly put in my (rightfully subservient) place in a discussion about whole foods. They (the British government) should deploy her at once in a Task Force headed to Brussels. Followed by a panzer strike joining Princess Anne’s flank in Madrid. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 12:39 pm You’re jumping the gun Clive. St Crispin’s day isn’t until October, although that would be best timing for the most favourable invasion winds and the post-season clearance sales. Reply ↓ Steve H. April 1, 2017 at 1:53 pm Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars, And say, “These wounds I had on Crispin’s Day.” I’m reading Shapiro’s extraordinary account of 1599, and this speech is from ‘Henry the Fifth’ which was written as the musters were raising to quell the Irish uprising. I did not know that not only did Spenser write ‘The Fairie Queen’ but also the first zombie thriller. “Out of every corner of the woods and glens they came creeping forth upon their hands, for their legs could not bear them, they looked like anatomies of death, they spake like ghosts crying out of their graves, they did eat the dead carrions, happy where they could find them. Yea, and one another soon after, insomuch as the very carcasses they spared not to scrape out of their graves.” Reply ↓ Arizona Slim April 1, 2017 at 4:25 pm I’m of Cornish descent. Which means that I have to jump in and say that the Duchess is English, not Cornish. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny April 1, 2017 at 12:50 pm That, dear sir, is a very funny comment. Reply ↓ Susan the other April 1, 2017 at 1:18 pm I thought so too. Nobody can out-do the UK for wicked sarc. Reply ↓ Steve H. April 1, 2017 at 2:03 pm Oh, I don’t know. The Spenser quote above is from ‘A View of the Present State of Ireland” (1596). Having seen mass starvation at work, by 1598 he was advocating it as a policy against Eire. Too soon? Reply ↓ Susan the other April 1, 2017 at 2:29 pm nice. timeless and timely can be the same thing. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman April 2, 2017 at 2:42 am Except Argentina? (See above). Except in this case it’s not a competitive sport, more like an exquisite pincer movement. Reply ↓ visitor April 1, 2017 at 12:54 pm Gibraltar will not be an issue with respect to reintegrating Spain, it will be an issue with respect to the free flow of goods and people with Spain — since Gibraltar is even more vitally dependent on that border remaining open than the UK itself with respect to the EU. The reason is simple: Ceuta and Melilla. As soon as the discussion about returning Gibraltar to Spain will come up, Morocco will immediately raise the issue of getting back those Spanish enclaves. And other countries will support Morocco in its claim — for who wants to allow a single country, even a NATO one, to hold both sides of the strategic Gibraltar straight? Besides, the Gibraltarians (?) might not want to become Spaniards. So yes, the EU will plainly threaten to isolate Gibraltar and let it wither if the UK does not relent on some other points — but it will never ask for Gibraltar back, for this leads to way too many complications. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 1:32 pm Your point assumes a basic respect for logic that lamentably does not exist in the real world– or at least in the world of nationalist European diplomacy. To see this astounding ability to simultaneously hold two contradictory thoughts I invite you to find a Spaniard and discuss both Gibraltar and Ceuta/Melilla, as you will enter a new realm of cognitive dissonance. Secondly I suggest you ask a Cypriot how congenial the EU is to territorial claims, as it has now been two decades since we were promised that the beneficent EC would never stand a part of its sovereign territory to be occupied by a foreign power. It’s not that your logic is incorrect, but rather that you are looking for logic where none exists. Reply ↓ visitor April 1, 2017 at 2:47 pm The deficiency of EU diplomats does not matter. As soon as a serious discussion on redrawing borders around the Gibraltar straight flares up, the other non-European permanent members of the UNO Security Council will weigh in right in the footsteps of Morocco. The Spaniards’ fancy notions of the national realm will not count, as the decisions to be taken will be way above their pay grade. And the remaining 26 EU countries will in the end decide that that Gibraltar affair is too bothersome, so screw Spain and let us postpone the matter to some indefinite future negotiation — just like for Cyprus… Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 3:09 pm The point is that it is whose territory that is being infringed upon by whom that matters, not appeals to some mythical subjective Westphalisan principles. Thus Spaniards infringing upon Moroccan territory is thoroughly acceptable, while the UK infringing upon Spanish territory is just as Westphalian: because of this accepted European hierarchy. Based on this utter contempt for rule of law by Europe, there is no reason to ever expect that respect for the EU and its lofty (/snark) principles may somehow trump longstanding European hierarchichal precedent. Reply ↓ visitor April 1, 2017 at 3:42 pm I fully agree with your exposition of the territorial situation of UK vs. Spain vs. Morocco and the corresponding precedence of affirmed legitimacies. Nevertheless, I repeat my argument: the real world powers will not accept that one country physically controls both sides of the Gibraltar straight. Morocco’s demands of sovereignty against the remnants of the Spanish colonial past will serve as a perfect vector/conduit/justification with a nicely plausible “rule of international law” packaging for the USA, Russia and China to prevent that situation from happening. Then, whatever internal pecking order is in effect within the EU will simply not matter in that geo-strategic game. Reply ↓ St Jacques April 1, 2017 at 9:56 pm AFAIK Gibraltar’s legal situation is still controlled by the Treaty of Utrecht (1713) that was signed at the end of the War of Spanish Succession. Remember, the Grand Coalition (which included the UK, Netherlands, Austria, Spanish Habsburg loyalists, et al) seized Gibraltar as a base for a (failed) attempt to replace the new Bourbon dynasty of Spain (represented by the grandson of Louis XIV) with the Austrian Habsburg pretender connected to the previous Spanish Habsburg line. In the end, the Bourbons got to keep their new Spanish throne and Gibraltar was offered to the British as a consolation prize to get out of the war. This is why Gib can not be legally made part of the UK, since any change in it’s status requires it to be handed back. Anyway, isn’t the Rock’s main industry money laundering for the global elite and corporations, no? I don’t see that in the case of Cueta/Melilla. Reply ↓ St Jacques April 1, 2017 at 10:28 pm I forgot to make explicit the point that Gibraltar’s money laundering business is made possible by its special legal status, while Cueta and Melilla are legally just part of Spain and as such are under the same Spanish and EU laws as any other part of Spain. Hence, I get the sense that this gnashing of the teeth at Spanish perfidy really is driven in large part by those financial interests. Reply ↓ nyc transplant to south carolina April 1, 2017 at 8:27 am Your MTV link has an “a” as is “ahttp”….. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 1, 2017 at 8:38 am Craazyman Fund had a good month, while its benchmark (a traditional 50/50 mix of S&P 500 stocks and the Bloomberg Barclays Aggregate Bond index) was flat in March. Since inception 13 months ago, Craazyman Fund has returned 18.05% vs an 11.52% gain for the benchmark. Chart: http://ibb.co/cNkD8v Craazyman Fund consists of 50% junk bonds, 30% emerging market stocks, and 20% gold bullion. Reply ↓ craazyman April 1, 2017 at 11:45 am I should have bought it when I had the chance! If I buy it now it will go down starting the next day. That’s what I should do. Start a hedge fund, but the deal would be whatever trades I make, the fund takes the opposite side of the trade with double leverage. It should be a 10-bagger for my investors! If I raise enough money, maybe my 2 and 20 fee can offset the losses on my own portfolio. Reply ↓ Clive April 1, 2017 at 11:49 am Take profits now I say. It can’t last! I’m calling the top of the market. Yes, I know, again, just like I do every month. Reply ↓ Linda April 1, 2017 at 8:55 am Fixed link for Fascism has already come to America MTV Reply ↓ bob k April 1, 2017 at 9:18 am thank you. don’t know why that happened. I normally just cut and paste the URL. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 1, 2017 at 10:32 am Once again quality writing from places you’d least expect it. The whole dystopian series there is rather good. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny April 1, 2017 at 12:54 pm I didn’t know that MTV had an editorial line until now. I thought their politics was “anything that young people will click”. Then again, maybe “dystopia” is what young people will click :( Reply ↓ Carla April 1, 2017 at 8:12 pm Bingo. Reply ↓ timbers April 1, 2017 at 9:06 am I see a pattern. 1). Britain Demands That Twitter, Facebook, Google Tackle Extremism Fortune (Links today 04/01/2017) 2). “Russians used ‘Bernie Bros’ as ‘unwitting agents’ in disinformation campaign: Senate Intel witness” [Raw Story]. (Links yesterday 03/31/2017) Granted it’s two different governments but it’s not hard to see this getting to Bernie Bros were unwitting agents of the “encrypted extremism” promoted by Russia and therefore must be banned and suppressed by the government, Twitter, Facebook, Google. Reply ↓ LT April 1, 2017 at 10:32 am Well, fear mongering is the number 1 weapons sales tactic. Once that article popped up naming websites, the one that sounded like it was written by Joe McCarthy’s ghost, it put their blame shifting goal into focus. Reply ↓ RenoDino April 1, 2017 at 9:16 am What Caused the Downfall of New York City’s Glitziest Restaurant? Bloomberg. Totally self-serving piece by Bloomberg in defense of why the restaurant failed. This was a meeting club and watering hole for the city’s elite. Being seen and recognized by the staff and your fellow diners was more important than what’s on the menu. For decades, the oligarchs who rule New York found fellowship there and Bloomy ended that great tradition when he raised Le Cirque’s rent after their lease expired and kicked them to the curb. It was his building and he had other plans for that space. Since then, he’s been hearing about it from his peers. The fact is, they won’t shut up about it, so we have this hit piece two years later about Le Cirque’s demise justified on the basis that they were out of step with the times and their food and service were marginal at best. Bloomy put a whole in the heart of the his mega-rich pals and this article will not mollify them. Le Cirque was where you took your wife on your anniversary and where you took your new wife to meet your friends. Nothing has come along since in New York to replace that warm and wonderful ambience for the .01%. Reply ↓ Darius April 1, 2017 at 11:14 am And it couldn’t have happened to a nicer bunch. Poor rich guys. Reply ↓ PhilM April 2, 2017 at 12:14 am Damn right. While we’re at it, let’s clap our hands when the humane farmers go bankrupt, because it’s only the poor rich guys who would miss that stuff anyway. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 1, 2017 at 9:18 am Le Cirque….isn’t that where Truman Capote and Lee Radziwill used to hang out? Sad! Around here we trade gossip and quips over the fine dining offered by the local Burger King. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 1, 2017 at 9:44 am Our local pizza joint is sponsoring a bikini motorcycle wash in June. It’s doubtful that any customer of Le Cirque ever arrived on two wheels other than the late Malcolm Forbes, whose motorcycle club was called the Capitalist Tools [priapic reference no doubt intentional]. Wikipedia: Donald Trump, in his 1990 memoir Trump: Surviving at the Top, alleged that his temporary removal from the Forbes 400 in the year Forbes died was due to a feud that had arisen after Trump didn’t allow Forbes to bring “two young men who appeared to be well under the legal drinking age” into the bar at the Plaza Hotel. Trump stated that Forbes “lived openly as a homosexual … but expected the media and his famous friends to cover for him.” Two wheels good, four wheels b-b-b-b-a-a-a-a-d-d-d-d. ;-) Reply ↓ Carolinian April 1, 2017 at 10:29 am There’s still the Twenty One Club where Burt Lancaster uttered the immortal words “match me, Sidney” to Tony Curtis in Sweet Smell of Success. Chelsea Clinton has her own personal wine pick stocked in their cellars. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny April 1, 2017 at 2:04 pm I just watched Sweet Smell of Success last week. Such a devastating movie. It’s odd how the 21 looks so much like my parents’ basement (and I’m old). Reply ↓ fresno dan April 1, 2017 at 12:16 pm Jim Haygood April 1, 2017 at 9:44 am Astounding wit!!!! A+++++++++++ Best thing I’ve read so far this year. Reply ↓ Edna M. April 1, 2017 at 9:27 am “How a Cruel Foreclosure Drove a Couple to the Brink of Death” In the Judge’s words, “Franz Kafka lives… he works at Bank of America.” It is good to know there are some honorable and bold judges out there. It gives one some faith in the judicial system, which is good at times like these when we have little faith in our institutions. Reply ↓ crittermom April 1, 2017 at 9:55 am I think judge Christopher Klein is my new hero, but it would have to happen a million times over for me to have any faith in our judicial system ever again. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive April 1, 2017 at 11:49 am Maybe Klein’s actions will inspire the growth of a backbone in other judges hearing these cases because the Sundquists aren’t the only ones dealing with this. Read David Dayen’s book, “Chain of Title” if you really want to be depressed. Reply ↓ Susan the other April 1, 2017 at 1:28 pm That could be a federal case, and might have been already had it not been for Obama’s interference. Aiding and abetting the banksters. Reply ↓ crittermom April 1, 2017 at 8:52 pm “…had it not been for Obama’s interference. Aiding and abetting the banksters.” Totally agree. Reply ↓ Carla April 1, 2017 at 8:17 pm “Chain of Title” is Excellent. And yeah, facing reality is bitch. Reply ↓ crittermom April 1, 2017 at 8:50 pm “Maybe Klein’s actions will inspire the growth of a backbone in other judges…” Maybe if what you say had happened a decade ago, we wouldn’t still be spinning from the Greatest Financial Fraud in the History of Mankind. Reply ↓ Keenan April 1, 2017 at 9:29 am RE: American Healthcare: Karl Denninger proposes a plan of actionable items to permanently fix the healthcare problem. The essence of the plan is contained in the bold-font bullet points headlining the first dozen short paragraphs of his article: https://market-ticker.org/akcs-www?post=231949 with the balance of his essay further elaborating on the details. I suggest that the fundamental logic of Denninger’s thesis might be denied only by those of whom Upton Sinclair wrote: “It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it.” Reply ↓ Pat April 1, 2017 at 10:34 am And I suggest the fundamental lack of logic in Denninger’s thesis might be expressed by the same thing. I give him credit for at least taking the market based healthcare to its logical conclusion if you consider health care a market, i.e. it has to have the same rules as a book store, with some penalties for trying to game it. But for those of us who think of health care as both a right AND a public good there are some distinct issues with the whole how do you afford health care if you are not considered poor in a society that has vastly low poverty levels. Nor does it even consider the ability of our for profit medical community to commune on price fixing, and not to mention having some dicey medical statistics to support its right to punish people because you don’t like their lifestyle. IOW, it is past time to jettison any idea of health care as a market. This plan included. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen April 1, 2017 at 12:13 pm Denninger’s had a bug up his ass about carbs and diabetics since he got health religion several years ago. There’s no one he likes to dump on more than those wanton diabetics who refuse to convert to his church of the formerly unhealthy eaters, except possibly illegals who partake of the generous gift of american healthcare for free. Here’s an alternative to his “whereas and shall not plan.” Every provider charges the same price for the same service–the Medicare price. You can have your “free market competition” based on service and results, and adjust your business expenditures accordingly. Nobody has more money to spend than anybody else. If you feel better having an insurance company ration your coverage and write the checks for you, you can pay them for the service, but they can’t pay any more than any other plan. Drug companies can’t charge any more than the lowest price they accept for the same drug anywhere on the planet. The lowest price. Let the drug companies, pharmacy benefit managers and any other hangers on fight it out on how the “profits” are distributed. Not my problem. Strip the ama of its stranglehold on credentialing providers and specifying who can do what. Emphasize primary care specific to local conditions and problems, and put an end to the price-setting by over-abundant, preening specialists deciding how much their services are worth. End all medical / pharmaceutical direct-to-consumer advertising without delay or exception. That ought to shake things up a bit. Reply ↓ cripes April 1, 2017 at 1:03 pm Katniss: I like how you think. For too long, even reformers and single payer advocates have been trapped in acceptance of the fundamental structure of the American health racket. The incessant gaming and brutal wealth extraction of the american health “consumer” must be broken. We pay more than any country for insane drug prices. A planetary price base for pharmaceuticals is a good start. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 1, 2017 at 2:17 pm If college is to be free, what shouldn’t Medicare-for-All? Reply ↓ jrs April 1, 2017 at 2:27 pm it’s a mixed bag, certainly some of the ideas there seem desirable (I do wish it was easier to get simple blood tests and to get medical records, and who can object to lower drug prices). Others would be awful. Reply ↓ Keenan April 1, 2017 at 2:48 pm Pat – You might not like his thesis, but you can’t claim it to be without logic. RE: your comment – there are some distinct issues with the whole how do you afford health care if you are not considered poor in a society that has vastly low poverty levels. If perhaps you didn’t read his essay completely, take a few moments to review the final section which begins: “Now on to some personal examples of expected financial outcomes….” Reply ↓ Carla April 1, 2017 at 8:42 pm For just a moment, let’s set aside health care as a “right.” Why isn’t health care as a “public good” fully enough? Is THAT the question we have forgotten to ask? Reply ↓ marym April 1, 2017 at 3:01 pm How about the person “covered” through their employment, which is most of the population? Your employer would see thousands of dollars a year in cost reduction, and even more in his liability insurance premiums would disappear. For the average family of four the premiums covered by your employer are likely close to $10,000 a year. That is salary that you will receive. Fantasy Reply ↓ Toshiro_Mifune April 1, 2017 at 9:51 am Re: Walmart vs. Amazon. Is this a fight Walmart can possibly win? I’ve been watching Walmart “refocus” on ecommerce sales for at least a decade now each time with the declaration that “this time we’re serious”. The strategy always seems to be the same; free shipping on in store pick ups! Which ignores the fact that I don’t want to go to Walmart in the first place which is why I’m ordering online. You don’t necessarily shop from Amazon because it has the lowest prices. You shop from Amazon because they make it incredibly convenient. I can do it from home, from work, on the bus commute, in the middle of a conference call. As an online retailer Amazon really has the “first place to go to” space locked up. I don’t see how Walmart can beat that especially given the perception and actuality of their stores being just really depressing places to be. Couple that with; Amazon isn’t even a retailer, they’re a logistics company. A really good logistics company. Anyone who has shopped online a lot has to have noticed how many other e-retailers ship from Amazon warehouses. So they have multiple revenue streams other than pure retail to rely on not including their hosting services. How can Walmart compete against that? I’m not saying this to laude Amazon. We all know their problems with warehouse employees and their drive to automate every last position they can. But… as crappy as Walmart jobs are, at least they’re jobs. If Walmart succumbs to Amazon how many more unemployed do we then have with no prospect for them of getting something better to replace it? Copy and paste for Amazon vs Macy’s or Sears or the malls in general. It seems this is a dire situation with impending death of a large number of physical retailers and I have no idea on how they’re supposed to compete much less come out on top. God help us all of Amazon decides to go all out on selling something like autos and pushes that sector off a cliff as well. Sorry for the rambling and lack of coherence. Reply ↓ a different chris April 1, 2017 at 10:15 am >in the middle of a conference call. Ah yes you have meetings like that too I see. Reply ↓ skylark April 1, 2017 at 11:36 am Meetings: the popular alternative to work. Reply ↓ Clive April 1, 2017 at 12:10 pm Over the past few years I developed a strategy that I never accept conference call meeting invites (if I did, my calendar would be booked out from nine o’clock to five o’clock pretty much solid) and let the default Outlook response — my TBTF is, natch, a MS Exchange shop — of “tentative” sit there. The vast majority of the time, I’m not missed at all. On the odd occasions I seem to have actually been needed, I get an email with the usually straightforward question that only I can answer. It takes 5 minutes of my time instead of sitting there on mute half paying attention for half an hour or even, shudder, an hour. This approach allows me to (cough) “add value” by doing some proper work. Now, the value I add is fairly meagre. But then again, at least I am not value-destructive like most people I have to work with. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 12:57 pm I’m confused. Where are we supposed to find time for NC if we eliminate conference calls? Reply ↓ Arizona Slim April 1, 2017 at 4:29 pm I also please guilty to not paying attention during conference calls. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive April 1, 2017 at 11:17 am Walmart isn’t doing much to help its case, either. Have you been to a Walmart lately? My Walmart is cutting down on cashiers trying to get everyone to use the self-service kiosks. But those self-service kiosks are crammed together, there is no room to put all your groceries and purchases up so you basically have to get yourself another cart and transfer goods from one cart to the other. But they don’t really allow room for two carts – one of your carts will have to block another kiosk. So basically there are kiosks that can’t be used, especially when Walmart is busiest. Since you are bagging yourself, it takes longer, the scanner doesn’t recognize mark-downs, and in general, it is a pretty crappy experience. Soooo….you can wait in line to get to a human or you can wait in line to get to a kiosk….. I’ve always wanted to ask someone in Walmart’s hierarchy why they think that completely bad service like this will in any way give them an edge over Amazon…… Reply ↓ HotFlash April 1, 2017 at 11:41 am justanotherprogressive April 1, 2017 at 11:17 am Have I been in a Walmart lately? No. Maybe twice in my life, that was before I figured out what they were about. Amazon? Maybe half a dozen times, ditto reason. Now I use them for the reviews, then buy local (after much research, I bought an induction hotplate ystrdy from my local hardware store, love it!). For books, Powell’s — they are union, although a coop would be better. They only let us vote for reps every 2-4 years, but I can vote with my dollars every.single.day. And I do. Reply ↓ bronco April 1, 2017 at 11:44 am You know the reviews on Amazon are phony right? Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen April 1, 2017 at 12:26 pm I love reading the reviews on amazon, particularly the ones that give something 5 stars because it was “almost” the same color as the reviewer thought it was going to be. I don’t know what’s been crapified more–the actual products or customers’ expectations. “I only gave it 4 stars because it wasn’t really what I expected but it’s too much trouble to return so I’m keeping it.” amazon isn’t “shopping,” it’s buying. There’s a difference. Reply ↓ bronco April 1, 2017 at 12:58 pm Amazon gave 5 stars to hellary clinton’s books. All guaranteed bestsellers (all sales went to the Clinton Foundation) . Seems to me L Ron Hubbard sold millions of books the same way (Scientology’s 11teenth commandment “thou Shaft purchase all his books”) Scientology and Clintontology two peas in a pod Reply ↓ kareninca April 2, 2017 at 12:51 am Not all Amazon reviews are fake. You can paste the Amazon product name into this site and see if the seller is faking a bunch of their reviews: http://fakespot.com. Okay, I don’t know that it works, but it matches what I seem to see. Reply ↓ mareiann April 1, 2017 at 12:41 pm HotFlash April 1, 2017 “I can vote with my dollars every.single.day” It’s heartening to hear another person say this. I have been doing it for years. I know it probably won’t make a difference in the great scheme of things but it makes me feel good. I shop local at every opportunity and buy local whenever possible. When we bought our last Ford car, we wanted one made in Canada…which wasn’t possible, the one we wanted was made in Mexico, we were ready to walk away till they found us one made in Flatrock, Michigan….close enough. Reply ↓ timotheus April 1, 2017 at 4:15 pm And even better: using actual dollars instead of plastic. They’re anonymous and fun. Reply ↓ marym April 1, 2017 at 4:38 pm I shop local and online. In both cases nearly everything I’ve bought (and I did some replenishing and redecorating a few years ago) is made in US. It’s an interesting experience searching for what’s available. I’m skeptical that appliances were much more than assembled here, though. Reply ↓ Toshiro_Mifune April 1, 2017 at 6:07 pm I’d be happy to buy from a mom and pop store, but there’s just none left other than restaurants. Barnes and Noble crushed all of the small bookstores in the early 90s. Home Depot and Lowe’s did the same for hardware. All of the small family run appliance stores are long gone. The small electronic places were killed buy Best Buy and Circuit City. The closest thing to a family run camera store for me would be B&H, which is taking Amazon as its queue for warehouse employees. Hell, Meridian has slowly consumed most of the local health care on top of it. There really just aren’t many options at all. Add in to this; where do I find the time? I’ve got 3 hrs worth of commuting each day which doesn’t leave much room for any shopping. Especially since there is almost nothing by my job. So the default is, Amazon. Even if I know what they’re employment practices are like. Reply ↓ marieann April 1, 2017 at 9:08 pm I am lucky in that I am retired and do have time to check around. I do remember how hard it was to shop ethically when I worked. All I could do back then was be a non consumer (also known as cheap) we never went into debt except for the big things like mortgages and car payments. I can’t even imagine a 3hr commute, it must be hell. I also know I’m lucky that I live in Canada where the social safety net is a given. I’m also a boomer…so when I started out there was no big box stores or wallmart and credit was not as easily obtained, so consumer spending was not as easy as it is today. I think the world today is made just to spend and shop, and that’s the way the big money wants it. We do have small bookstore,it is part of a chain, but it is a Canadian one and I do have to order online sometimes….but it’s not amazon Reply ↓ jo6pac April 1, 2017 at 1:55 pm wall mart gave up on oline sales and bought Jet. http://news.walmart.com/2016/08/08/walmart-agrees-to-acquire-jetcom-one-of-the-fastest-growing-e-commerce-companies-in-the-us Reply ↓ Toshiro_Mifune April 1, 2017 at 6:09 pm Yeah, I had seen that. What are the chances Walmart corporate meddles enough to kill any chance Jet has of competing. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob April 1, 2017 at 11:53 am I find it fascinating that both these companies are run by multi-billionaires and yet the only way they can think of to stay in business is to put the screws to their suppliers which means more crapification and lower wages for everybody if the suppliers relent. Funny that it never seems to occur to them they they could also offer lower prices by decreasing their own compensation. Reply ↓ HBE April 1, 2017 at 12:30 pm My god are you insane. That would mean fewer jobs in all those tax havens and for the wealth managers of the world. And that would mean less disposable income for buying propagan… I mean newspapers. /S While they are at it maybe instead of forcing suppliers to decimate and attack their workers they could start paying their own employees a living wage. Currently they are eating themselves alive, what happens to almighty growth when you exploit so much of the global population that no one can afford to buy your cheap garbage. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 1, 2017 at 5:26 pm Isn’t it interesting that this comes of the day Bezos is anointed as the 2nd richest man in the world. Teddy Roosevelt knew how pernicious monopoly trusts were, today we seem to think their owners are nice, well-meaning heroes and cultural icons, not carpetbagging predators. And how very sad, having destroyed Main Street brick and mortar, Amazon is now launching…Main Street brick and mortar. Only instead of the money going to Mom and Pop it goes straight offshore, just another zero in a multi-billionaire’s accounts, and to fund the owner’s preference for the Democrat version of corporo-fascism over anything else, through his personal blog Washington Post. Reply ↓ alopex April 1, 2017 at 1:33 pm Only if I really need some item and cannot find it in a local store (except Walmart and some others), do I order online. Last month it was a vaccum cleaner attachment, which Amazon Prime advertised at $15.31. I ordered it directly from Amazon’s “partner”, $11.99 with free shipping. This was my second online purchase this year, and the first was a similar experience. Guess why I avoid Amazon, apart from principles. Reply ↓ juliania April 1, 2017 at 3:33 pm If you are poor, you probably don’t have this kind of choice any longer. You shop where you can get to with public transportation, and that is most likely a Walmart. Or if you really want to and can take a whole day, you take a train to a larger city that has still some mom and pop stores. But even so, it’s possible to have your say at these big megastores that have monopolized the landscape. You can still shop organic only, and don’t ever use the automatic tellers because people need jobs! Even crappy ones. And poor people don’t shop online. Ever. Reply ↓ alex morfesis April 1, 2017 at 4:12 pm yup, sears & woolworth & spiegels are…oops…walmart and amazon are unstoppable…being # 1 means never having to worry about…sinclair, tandy, commodore, texas instruments, atari…heathkit, magnavox, emerson, coleco, osborne, kaypro, elektronika(oops…sorry volodya…) Reply ↓ Carla April 1, 2017 at 8:58 pm @Toshiro_Mifune — I’m so confused. Given your thoroughly thought out and well-expressed comment, how can you AFFORD to shop at Amazon? I know I can’t. In fact, in the long run it’s cheaper for me to pay more to a local small business, because by doing so I am supporting part of the infrastructure of a functioning community. While by buying from Amazon, I would be supporting the annihilation of that community and a very important part of all I really hold dear. So the prices at Amazon are astronomical for me. The question is, why are they within the realm of reason for you? Reply ↓ curlydan April 1, 2017 at 10:21 pm I think Walmart is in trouble with their battle with Amazon, BUT they have drastically expanded their free shipping to most items. I ordered 2 basketball backboards from them…free shipping, just as good of a price as Amazon or better. And I could return them to the store (and unpleasant as that is) for free. They are attacking Amazon without the $80-$100 per year Prime cost. Where Walmart likely will fail is that its stock price already has long-standing profits priced in. Amazon and its shareholders are more content to skirt by on little profits or losses Reply ↓ cnchal April 1, 2017 at 11:35 pm > Where Walmart likely will fail is that its stock price already has long-standing profits priced in. Amazon and its shareholders are more content to skirt by on little profits or losses It seems to me, that the greater risk of either stawk cratering is Amazon. From the linked article: One piece of the battle, executives say, is an Amazon algorithm that works to match or beat prices from other websites and stores. Former Amazon employees say it finds the lowest price per unit or per ounce for a given product — even if it’s in a huge bulk-size pack at Costco — and applies it across the same type of good on Amazon, even when the pack size is much smaller. So let’s imagine Costco is selling a pack of 10 bags of Doritos for $10 — or $1 per bag. Amazon’s algorithm notes that one bag is $1 at Costco and, in turn, lowers the price on Amazon of a single bag of Doritos to $1. That is a great deal for customers — something that is likely driving the decision at Amazon, where an obsession with customer value dominates its strategy. But now, Amazon is selling individual items at Costco prices while not getting the same wholesale price that Costco enjoys. In short, it’s going to be really hard for Amazon to turn a profit on those goods. . . . . . In some instances, Amazon is willing to lose money for some period of time on a product it feels it has to have. Jeff Bezos’s company knows, after all, that it has to continue to increase its selection in non-perishable grocery goods if it is going to really challenge Walmart in the $800 billion category. But, more so than in the past, Amazon is ratcheting up the pressure on manufacturers of goods that the online retailer is unable to sell for a profit, executives say. Separate from the algorithm, brands are also facing the realization that their products that are sold profitably in stores may become unprofitable online when shipping costs are factored in. Unprofitable items are known inside Amazon as CRaP products — the acronym stands for “Can’t Realize a Profit.” And Amazon is not afraid to kick off big and small brands alike. A new name for business idiocy, Amazon CRaP Reply ↓ Charles Myers April 1, 2017 at 10:00 am They will hire actors to act like doctors and have robots looking in from the camera in the patients room. Actors will be paid by their bedside manner. They will install the Uber 5 star system. No mention of what will happen to all the pen pushers. Reply ↓ CRS April 1, 2017 at 10:01 am With them it was always the dollars, always the effin dollars. In regards to the California universal healthcare bill, progressives should push for dynamic scoring — not on the revenue side but on the cost side. Reply ↓ Montanamaven April 1, 2017 at 10:11 am More evidence of the the end of the Democrats? Reply ↓ Cujo359 April 1, 2017 at 3:42 pm After labor unions had spent all that effort recalling Gov. Walker, the Wisconsin Democrats nominated the same anti-union candidate who had lost to him two years earlier. Whether it’s symbolic because they just couldn’t find any pro-union candidates prominent enough to run, or because that was really an indication of how little the Democrats in Wisconsin thought of their union support, that decision showed me they were no longer capable of representing the interests of anyone but themselves. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 1, 2017 at 6:26 pm And then the union bosses showed how little they cared about their membership by backing Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. I realize not all of them did, but far too many chose their own status over those they are paid to serve. Instead, they served them up. I know they would claim they did it to keep from making things worse, but if you’re in union leadership and you still honestly believe that, you’re useless and should be removed from power. And I would hope Clinton vs. Trump has finally demonstrated the falseness of that argument. If the Democrats do succeed in returning to power via a Red Scare, I doubt the union movement will benefit. Reply ↓ Cujo359 April 1, 2017 at 7:26 pm There’s no doubt that union bosses, among other progressive interests, have made their own beds. That could be part of the reason Wisconsin went the way it did. Certainly, at the national level the unions have been willing to put up with just about anything the Democrats were willing to do to them. As long as conventional wisdom is that you “work with” Democrats, union leaders aren’t going to risk their jobs by trying to punish the Dems when they screw working people. This is one of the reasons I keep emphasizing that if progressives are ever going to get what we want, we need to get over the idea that supporting one party no matter what is the way to gain the changes we want. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 1, 2017 at 8:06 pm Yep. I don’t know if it’s possible to get enough people to understand that. I’ve been dragged into online fights with idiots over this just in the last 24 hours. I don’t think they’re Brock hires. I think they’re just deluded civvies. I don’t even get mad anymore at the agnotology they spread. It bores me. As a practical matter, it’s likely the Dems will take some seats in 2018 — structural forces, history of mid-terms, etc. That would be bad because it would keep the donor money flowing, and slow down any path to progress. I’m guessing as things get closer, the left will need to find some way to stop the Ds from taking those stray flippable seats. I’m not a political pro, so I’m not sure how to manage that. But it needs to happen, even if those seats go to utter whack jobs on the right — that right wing policy gets executed regardless. Removing the obstacle of corporate Democrats so the left can finally fight without its hands tied behind its back seems to me to be the ONLY solution. Reply ↓ Carla April 1, 2017 at 9:25 pm The corporate Dems ain’t going anywhere. The only way is a long, hard road: starting another party. Its slogan could be: “What this country needs is a 2nd party. So vote for us.” Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 1, 2017 at 11:26 pm The obstacles to a successful third party are possibly worse than purging out the corporatist Dems. I like your slogan, though. Use it! I’m going to keep repeating this until either Yves tells me to stop or I start seeing other people pointing this out: all roads run through weakening the corporate Democrats. As long as activists work against them, they are helping the future — whether you work on a third party, or changing the Dems at the grassroots organizational level, or back a primary challenger. The only thing we need to agree on is to never, ever vote for ANY corporatist Democrat at ANY level of government, at EVERY stage of the process. Not merely in the primaries. They’re already very weak. We don’t need that many more scalps to make it clear to the donors they’re wasting their money. These are parasites that will do anything for money and status. We just need to take that away from them. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL April 2, 2017 at 12:40 am Don’t cease the seething hatred for corp Dems. They’re the enemy. Based on the war for public opinion, a Sanders-voter couldn’t be happier with the way things have gone since the election. TPP dead and buried, Republican health care plan dead and buried. Bizarrely, electing Trump seems to have energized the Dem base to abuse their congressional reps into growing a spine and walking their talk. Trump’s election also has corporate Dems in such a psychological crisis that they’re locked in this ridiculous and deeply unpopular Russia-related witch hunt. It’s brought Dems close to their worst unfavorability ratings in four years. http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/democratic-party-favorable-rating The round-the-clock Trump hate hasn’t shown any upside for the Dems. On the other hand, Bernie himself is breaking out to new highs! http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/bernie-sanders-favorable-rating Reply ↓ curlydan April 1, 2017 at 10:25 pm This link was posted in the Water Cooler earlier this week, but just look at the difference in Wisconsin from 2012 to 2016. It was the clearest difference I saw on the map. https://decisiondeskhq.com/data-dives/creating-a-national-precinct-map/ Reply ↓ LT April 1, 2017 at 10:19 am Re: Huffpo…Dems on Infrastructure I’m afraid Pelosi was correct about the infrastructure plan from Trump/Pence/Ryan. It will be tax cuts and taxpayer subsidies for their friends and toll roads and fees for those friends to rip current and successive generations. But the Freedom Caucus may hold it up over any oversight of the funds from government. They’ll whine like babies. They like their welfare with no strings attached. Reply ↓ jo6pac April 1, 2017 at 1:58 pm Yep, she’s right until she can get some friends and di-fi hubby some free money. It the demodog way. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 1, 2017 at 5:57 pm Actually, no. They are proposing tax equity credits. The market for that is small and the deals are very much bespoke, which = time consuming. So not much would get done, ergo correspondingly not much in giveaways. Reply ↓ From Cold Mountain April 1, 2017 at 10:26 am On “The Anti-Trump Movement In North Carolina Has The Potential To Flip The South”; This is pure neoliberal self praise and delusion. I live in Chapel Hill, NC (for 17 years) and the separation of wealth here is disgusting. People here call themselves progressives but are fine with developers building “luxury apartments” to solve the housing crisis. Those apartments are going for $1600 for one bedroom. They only care about social issues, but not the poor. The Research Triangle Park is in two bubbles; one is a neoliberal bubble and the other is a debt funded college bubble. When the second bubble bursts, and it will, it is going to be deviating here. Note that Julia Craven, the author, was a student at UNC Chapel Hill, graduated in 2014. So I can only assume she is trying to keep the neoliberal dream alive to help pay off her debt. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 1, 2017 at 1:54 pm One bedroom apartments for $1600? Who rents those? What is essential? Food, including safe drinking water. Health Care. Shelter. Those should be free before free college tuition. The college bubble (debt funded or not,, because robots, H1B visas and job outsourcing) benefits not the students, but those getting paid now via the bubble, with promised money (yes, think of the fantastic careers after graduation) for the students tomorrow. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 1, 2017 at 6:32 pm One bedrooms in my formerly middle-class neighborhood go for much more than that. But the generic small houses with no yards around here now go for $2 million+, so I think the only real alternatives are two hour commutes to barren wastelands with no community services. (Think the season of Arrested Development when Michael was camped out in a failed development with no water, cell service or postal delivery.) That’s how they get cha. Reply ↓ RenoDino April 1, 2017 at 10:47 am Lovable Aunt Peggy Nooners can’t quite bring herself to clutch her pearls over Trump’s madcap first 70 days, but she’s definitely concerned about what she sees. She’s still looking for her dear Ronnie to make a surprise entrance stage right at any moment. Very sweet and sentimental of her to read into Trump the promise of that golden time. There was so much wisdom on display back in those days in the White House and so little wisdom coming out of it today that it may be time to take a deep breath and make friends instead of enemies. She still has the highest hopes for our Lord of Chaos (my words, not hers). I wish she could serve tea and cookies to the whole country. Reply ↓ jrs April 2, 2017 at 2:23 am Eh actually Trump is a lot like Reagan, only in many ways more extreme. Reply ↓ LT April 1, 2017 at 10:47 am Re: WalMart/Amazon price war… The biggest corporations will survive. They’ll make deals that smaller companies can’t afford. The music biz, just pre-MP3, was already falling victim to WalMarts and Targets using music as a loss leader to drive traffic to their stores. It was where one baught the cheapest CDs, but the selection was from the major label distributors. It had the effect of making life damn near impossible for independent or small chain record retailers. Reply ↓ allan April 1, 2017 at 10:49 am Why old-fashioned highway rest stops are disappearing [USA Today] For more than half a century, old-fashioned, no-frills highway rest stops have welcomed motorists looking for a break from the road, a bathroom or a picnic table where they can eat lunch. But in some states, these roadside areas are disappearing. Cash-strapped transportation agencies are shuttering the old ones to save money, or because they don’t attract enough traffic or are in such bad shape that renovating them is too costly. Or, the stops have been overtaken by tourist information centers, service plazas that take in revenue from gasoline and food sales, or commercial strips off interstate exits. … But advocates of maintaining traditional rest areas say even if motorists are offered flashier options for pit stops, the ones that sprung up as highways did are still needed for driver safety and convenience. Some view them as a tranquil, environmentally friendly alternative to crowded service plazas and commercial strips. … Tranquil? Environmentally friendly? Who are these people? Don’t they know that we were put on this Earth for our three score and ten (plus or minus) to contribute to the GDP? Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen April 1, 2017 at 11:22 am This is a travesty. As an experienced road-tripper, I can state, without equivocation, that there are no better restrooms than those one finds at rest stops. I will endure and have endured unspeakable agony to get to one. And in my experience, there are plenty of others who feel the same way. I can pack my own snacks and drinks in a cooler for a lot less money and a whole lot better nutrition, but you’ll have to pry those clean, fresh air flooded restrooms with tons of available stalls, plenty of soap and hand dryers, and friendly fellow travelers out of my cold, dead hands. This is most definitely NOT snark. Is nothing sacred? Reply ↓ cocomaan April 1, 2017 at 6:06 pm I have some great memories of wooded rest stops from when I was a kid. My brother and I would run around in the woods and stretch our legs while my parents rested. Then we’d eat cheese sandwiches. One time my brother got chased by a goose at a rest stop, if memory serves. Good times. Reply ↓ Linda April 1, 2017 at 7:38 pm More good times: A fond memory from my youth is stopping at a roadside rest stop on a Texas to California road trip. Yes, good bathrooms. We had plenty of non- perishables packed and had dinner. Fell asleep on a beautiful lawn and were rudely awakened when automatic sprinklers went on! :) Scrambling and laughing. Such a good trip. Reply ↓ Darius April 1, 2017 at 11:27 am More environmentally friendly than building a new interchange to encourage new gas stations, big boxes, fast food drive-thrus, secondary commercial roads, green field subdivisions and other subsidized sprawl. None of it generates enough tax money to pay for the infrastructure or its maintenance and eventual replacement. See the Strong Towns blog. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 11:50 am While it’s sickening to watch the US shed all of the civilised trappings that once set it apart from from the Third World (and which so many of us Thirdworlders gaped at in admiration and envy), even more sickening is the obliviousness of the US population to what they have lost. Much of it is stripped away in slow enough motion that most do not even see the horrid collapse. Furthermore so much of the populace has been geniously kept distracted working three jobs, divorced from intergenerational community, and/or otherwise struggling for subsistence that they cannot see the transformation. But those of us on the outside do. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver April 1, 2017 at 4:41 pm They paved paradise And put up a parking lot With a pink hotel, a boutique And a swinging hot spot Don’t it always seem to go That you don’t know what you’ve got til its gone They paved paradise And put up a parking lot … Joni Mitchell – Big Yellow taxi The decay of the “Last, Best, Hope” has been a long time in the making. Reply ↓ Carl April 1, 2017 at 7:00 pm You need to try a few down here in Texas. Whatever the faults of the state (and there are many) we know how to do a rest stop right. I’m thinking right now of the one just outside Seguin on the way from San Antonio to Houston. It’s the best one I’ve ever visited, hands down. There’s a nature trail, kids playground, a tiny museum, and wood beams and twenty foot high ceilings in the main building. It’s almost like a destination in itself. I mean, we do believe in driving quite a bit here, so it has a certain logic to it. Reply ↓ gorme' April 1, 2017 at 11:10 am re the “ad”……I appreciate NC giving us a glimpse of the future. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 1, 2017 at 11:12 am “Meet the New Drone, Same as the Old Drone– How to manage Trump’s remote self-control?” https://thebaffler.com/blog/meet-the-new-drone-beauchamp Why are there no peace marches, or anti-DoD-swallowing-Everything marches? And why the steady increase in the power of the Imperial Overlord? “What makes that such a difficult task is average citizens being deliberately insulated from the effects of militarism. As Daniel May recently wrote in The Nation, ﻿”We don’t want to pay for missions that lack a clear rationale, so the money is borrowed from future generations. We refuse to allow our soldiers to be killed, so the government attacks its enemies with flying robots and outsources much of the fieldwork to private contractors. We don’t want to face the cost of our foreign entanglements, so a smaller percentage of our country is asked to serve, and serve longer.” The horror of Trump’s foreign policy won’t be as immediately obvious to Americans as his domestic failures. And yet any successful resistance to his administration will necessarily have to address it alongside all the other more proximate grievances. The only viable defense against his overreach is a dramatic rebalancing of governmental power. Resistance will mean changing the presidency as it currently functions. Simply being “anti-Trump” isn’t enough.” Note that DeFazio has submitted a “joint resolution” that would at least restore the simulacrum of Congressional control over war-making and commitments of troops — https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-joint-resolution/75/text?q=%7B%22search%22:%5B%22War+powers+resolution%22%5D%7D&r=1%22War+powers+resolution%22%5D%7D&r=1 I don’t see this kind of issue on any of the radar screens of the “Stop Trump” efforts that seem all personalilty and little policy except “preserve the status quo and my little corner of the place.” Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 12:29 pm Plus ça change. By 1964 the United States had for all intents and purposes completed the destruction of South Vietnam, obliterating the agricultural countryside and installing a thoroughly compliant puppet regime. In those pre-“Vietnam Syndrome” days (when the US was not so “inhibited” against boots on the ground overseas), there was no covert war as there would be in Central America a decade later; the US obliteration of Indochina was published openly on the pages of the New York Times. There was no antiwar movement because the children of those New York Times readers were not yet in danger of being drafted into what would later be deemed a “mistake” or an “excess of American goodwill”. And when an antiwar movement did eventually arise years later, the problem was not the massacre of over 3 million human southeast Asians; rather the main demand was to save “our boys” from a senseless war. So to the issue of Donald Trump’s reprehensible foreign policy: of course there are not going to be any complaints from the élite, be they red or blue. Because they have solved the problem of the Vietnam Syndrome: maintain the previous destruction of impoverished people abroad without involving the ruling classes at home. Sure we will see copious Kabuki regarding anything El Donaldo does, but just as one does not expect figs from a briar bush, don’t let’s expect resistance from the #Resistance. Reply ↓ Katharine April 1, 2017 at 2:19 pm There was an antiwar movement in 1964, and it was about the wrong of what this country was doing to others. The movement you refer to evolved after the draft law changed: I’d never seen so many newly minted “radicals” in my life. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 3:00 pm Katharine, please talk more about this, because the “newly minted radicals” you mention have now become the heroes in the dominantly accepted history, Meanwhile, here’s Chomsky who early on was actually there too: It was not until 1964 when there were the beginnings of real, large-scale escalation that I started trying to talk about it. And it was very hard. I’d give talks in somebody’s living room let’s say, or maybe in a church where there were four people you know, the minister, the organizer, somebody who wanted to kill me, and a drunk who came in off the streets. And this, here, right here, at MIT, if we wanted, there was small group of students interested, we wanted to have a meeting on Vietnam, it would have to be on Vietnam, and ten other topics you know, in the hope, of maybe bringing, filling half a classroom. And it went on like that for a while. In 1965, a friend, and a artist friend and I be trying to organize a national tax-resistant movement, which we did, but we couldn’t get a lot of participation. And a year later, in 1966, more active resistance began, support for draft resistance, other kinds of resistance, and went on from there. By 1967, ’68 it had built up into a substantial movement. But remember, that’s after five, or six years of invasion. To those watching how today’s Liberals jump in front of parades, this should be nauseatingly familiar. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 1, 2017 at 5:55 pm Today’s crowd is about virtue signalling and “resistance” of the latte-sipping, re-tweeting and Instagram-viewing sort, no real sacrifice or passion or actual courage of convictions required to get your “peacenik” badge and show it off to everybody. Back in the day it was about head breaking, wear a motorcycle helmet to the rally and bring a baseball bat, who cares if your employer fires you because this is much more important, after all we’re talking the entire future of humanity here. Chicago ’68 or Kent State are the last things this crowd is capable of, but those are what it took to stop the war…so the answer is they’re really perfectly OK with the war and are just looking for some easy feelgood points to score with no blood sacrifice required. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 1, 2017 at 3:19 pm And as an early participant in the “peace movement,” who idiotically got all Boy Scout patriotic, and actually enlisted to go take part in that industrialized conflict, how well one remembers that all that “radicalism” sort of evaporated when the draft ended, and our Rulers finally decided that enough wealth had been transferred, and enough bodies counted, and all responsibility and accountability had been dissipated and extinguished… The “resistance” is targeting all the wrong memes and points of weakness, what a surprise… One scene in “Catch-22” (actually several) is the ceremony of the military parade and mass formation — where the General dismisses the troops to barracks and duties only after a predetermined number of GIs have fainted in the heat and prolonged standing “at attention…” The chief proponent being an officer named Scheisskopf, “sh!thead” for you non-Germanics, who rose from a meager aduterous lieutenant to full 3-star General mostly by virtue of his adeptness at marching and parading the troops. A fella who was frustrated that the Pentagon would not go along with his plan to implant eye-screws in the outer thighs of all GIs, to which wire loops would be attached, with the other ends connected to screw eyes in the troops’ wrists, to limit the swing of the troops’ arms to the regulation 6 inches to the front, 6 inches to the rear as they marched… We actually live on a very large island, don’t we? With a (shrinking) pile of resources to loot and externalize into? And we are so well trained by the Bernaysians, and so deeply and maybe irretrievably into our own gluttony, and sloth, and deceit, all 323,549,844 (per the instantaneous US population clock at the moment I typed this, http://www.livepopulation.com/country/united-states.html) that characterize us Nacerimas…http://www.ohio.edu/people/thompsoc/Body.html Reply ↓ HopeLB April 1, 2017 at 12:53 pm There is also this; //www.congress.gov/search?q={“congress”%3A”115″%2C”source”%3A”legislation”%2C”search”%3A”Whr 1666”}&searchResultViewType=expanded Reply ↓ Ignim Brites April 1, 2017 at 1:52 pm “Why are there no peace marches, or anti-DoD-swallowing-Everything marches? And why the steady increase in the power of the Imperial Overlord?” Well because the old Imperial Overlord was a guy named Obama. Seem pretty obvious. However, an anti-war movement is the most likely vehicle for uniting and empowering the rage against the new Imperial Overlord precisely because the US has no national security interests underpinning its military policy. Spending trillions for what is completely incomprehensible cannot be sustained politically. It leads to Benghazi type events. Reply ↓ Bunk McNulty April 1, 2017 at 11:43 am Being President is Hard. Trump Leaves Photo Op Before Signing Executive Orders (TheHill) Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 1, 2017 at 2:13 pm Obama knows all about how hard it is being president. Regular vacations in Hawaii were needed, for him. Reply ↓ Cheryl B April 1, 2017 at 8:00 pm Back in the day, when there were actual newspapers, my favorite place to read was the letters to the editor section. Now, I have NC. I find I enjoy the comments as much or sometimes more than the actual articles. And then: this speed bump comment. And all I can say in reply to this is: Mar-a-Lago. Every weekend. Reply ↓ kimsarah April 2, 2017 at 2:45 am Will that be a 9-iron or a 3-wood, Mr. President? Reply ↓ Lee April 1, 2017 at 11:45 am US hiker given warning for rescuing ‘abandoned’ bear cub BBC The hiker in the story seems to have done the right thing. No healthy mother bear would leave her cub alone in the open on a trail. However, as a rule, one should stay well away from bear cubs. As a callow young man in Yosemite I tossed apples to a pair of black bear cubs and got run up a tree by mama bear. It being an apple tree, I continued picking and tossing apples to the bears. Mama was finally assuaged. They gobbled up the apples and went on their way. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim April 1, 2017 at 4:39 pm Wasn’t​ the DC Metro designed​ so that there are no routes​ to Georgetown? And wasn’t this an effort to keep the riffraff out? Reply ↓ Tvc15 April 1, 2017 at 12:23 pm David Rockefeller: An Alternative Obituary from Jacobin Interesting article reminding me of the rigged system controlled by people like David Rockefeller and the reason why I appreciate NC even with the occasional ad issue. https://www.jacobinmag.com/2017/03/david-rockefeller-an-alternative-obituary/ Reply ↓ McWatt April 1, 2017 at 12:33 pm Walmart is stupid. Amazon is stupider. How much sense does it make to have 5-7 delivery trucks, from all the different delivery companies, coming to almost every block, almost everyday? God save the Planet! Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 1, 2017 at 12:56 pm She will, by excreting humanity…. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 1:46 pm Yeah, that’s a good question. How expensive is it to switch the underpaid middle managers from “lobby for an expensive dollar” to “lobby for tax and regulation exemptions”? Maybe we could get Malaysian lobbyists to do it online for cheaper? Reply ↓ Portia April 1, 2017 at 12:52 pm anyone else notice that trump surrounds himself with aryan-type blond women in military-type uniforms in that photo from the “grade f” link? It’s like a movie I once saw, what was it, like cartoonish Bond villains? and from the Atlanta highway fire: Amelia Ford, who lives in Atlanta, opted to find another route to work by car Friday said it took her 45 minutes to travel 3 miles from her home to the nearest open interstate exit. aren’t there surface streets any more??? I am so happy I no longer drive and have adjusted to the logistics of not driving. Reply ↓ Katharine April 1, 2017 at 1:29 pm I am guessing that the surface streets were full to overflowing with cars that would normally have been doing that stretch on the interstate. Only think what your neighborhood would look like if there suddenly thousands of extra cars driving through it! Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 1, 2017 at 1:48 pm Cul-de-sacs. There really is only one way to get anywhere in many parts of the country. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 1, 2017 at 1:44 pm Urban planning was virtually non existent in America’s rapidly growing cities of the last thirty years. Charlotte, Houston, Washington metro, newer areas of the West Coast, and Florida can join Atlanta as just planning disasters. Localities made crazy concessions to attract businesses, obsessed with short term profits. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi April 1, 2017 at 1:56 pm I disagree. Urban planning in most US citiies has followed one of the most intensively planned schematics in the world since at least the 1930s– it’s just that the said heavily controlled urban planning has been utterly undemocratic and has followed a plan that is intentionally designed to exclude public transportation. Portia is a marvel. For years the only way to adjust to the new logistics of not driving has been to leave the country. Reply ↓ bob April 1, 2017 at 10:14 pm Double-plus 3000 and a muni sewer water board Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 1, 2017 at 2:10 pm Here, they always have money to make sure goods from abroad can be unloaded and shipped to the rest of the country as smoothly as possible. I understand the freeways leading north from key entry cities along the south border are modern, wide and super nice. Other cities have nice sports stadiums, if not good urban planning. For good urban planning, the cities would need living, and not starving taxpayers to tax. Not enough of them around, it would seem. Reply ↓ juliania April 1, 2017 at 4:52 pm To Portia It’s very freeing, isn’t it? My only problem is that currently the NM MVD is refusing to renew my expired ID card because I am a naturalized citizen and have had my ‘case’ shunted to the Department of Homeland Security. It’s a brave new world out there. It’s been a month, and it IS a hardship. I don’t know who to blame, but I do blame someone! Reply ↓ Matt April 1, 2017 at 1:01 pm “Environmental activists were incensed about the outcome Wednesday, saying that Pruitt had ignored substantial evidence of potential harms.” Very nice oxymoron used in this article about Pruitt letting farmers continue to use a pesticide. Love it! By the way, how did the MSM not cover this story below? http://abc13.com/news/474-arrested-in-california-human-trafficking-stings/1734315/ Where did the kids come from? Were the kids ever reconnected with their parents? Who were the heros that rescued these children? Why does MSM ignore massive pedophile busts? Isn’t this bigger news than one rich girl going missing? Reply ↓ kareninca April 2, 2017 at 1:56 am I tried to find out more about this massive “human trafficking sting” of late January (reported Feb. 1st). I’m finding the same very short article all over the place. No details, no follow-up. I guess the six corporations who own 90 percent of the media think this is not something we need to know about. Reply ↓ Toolate April 1, 2017 at 1:13 pm Not one comment about Bernie in Boston? Is that because he defied all of those here who said he would not call for Medicare for all? Reply ↓ Irredeemable Deplorable April 1, 2017 at 3:17 pm Comrades! Fellow KGB Agents unite: “It is becoming increasingly clear that Bernie’s diehard supporters, those who became avowed Hillary haters, were influenced by #Russia. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) March 31, 2017” As an official KGB Agent, since 1961, I am pleased to welcome all Bernie supporters to our glorious Global Soviet Socialist Revolution! Agent Trumpski is dedicated to our cause! Agent Sanderski is a valuable asset to our Team of Peasant-Workers! As Our Glorious Founder, Vladimir Ilyich Lenin, famously said in 1917: “Comrades! In 100 Years We Conquer World!” – it is now 2017, and We Have Conquered World! Throw Party! Drink much wodka, and eat much borscht! Reply ↓ jo6pac April 1, 2017 at 5:00 pm Comrade a little humor https://sputniknews.com/russia/201704011052191899-russia-hackers-meddling-elections-us-trump/ Reply ↓ Irredeemable Deplorable April 1, 2017 at 7:30 pm “Hello! You have reach Russian Embassy. Some of menu new option now changes: To arrange a call from a Russian diplomat to your political opponent, press 1, To use the services of Russian hackers, press 2. To request election interference, press 3 and wait until the next election campaign. To speak to a live FSB associate about immediate election interference, press 5. For all other type of interference, press 6. To file a comment or complaint about past interference, Press 7. To leave a message for Mr Putin, press 8.” “This call will definitely be recored for training, blackmail, and interference purposes. NSA and CIA will have a backup copy on file.” “Thank you, and have nice day.” Reply ↓ Ulysses April 1, 2017 at 7:45 pm “Sanders brought up familiar themes. He said billionaires should pay their fair share. He also said he plans to introduce legislation for free tuition at public colleges and universities and for universal healthcare. Sanders also said the Democratic Party needs to learn from the presidential election. “It wasn’t that Donald Trump won the election. It was that the Democratic Party lost the election,” Sanders said. “We need a Democratic Party which is not the party of the liberal elite but a party of the working class of this country.” http://boston.cbslocal.com/2017/03/31/bernie-sanders-elizabeth-warren-share-stage-at-boston-rally/ Reply ↓ kimsarah April 2, 2017 at 2:42 am Good point, Bernie. But really, we won because of Trump making sure the Bushes and Clintons were put out to pasture. Reply ↓ allan April 1, 2017 at 1:28 pm New York drug case opens window on dark period for Honduras [Albany Times Union] A case unfolding in a lower Manhattan courtroom has caused political tremors in Honduras, seeming to confirm long-held suspicions that corruption at the highest levels of government helped turn the Central American country into a violent epicenter of the drug trade at the start of this decade. Fabio Porfirio Lobo, the son of the Honduran president in 2010-2013, is preparing to go before a federal judge for sentencing after pleading guilty to his role in a drug-trafficking ring involving members of Honduras’ national police. But it is the details of the conspiracy that emerged in testimony and newly released court documents which have captivated people back home by tying his father and a brother of the current president directly to traffickers. … Hmmm. And how did Senor Lobo’s father happen to become president in 2010? Doing her homework since 1947 2009. Reply ↓ Observer April 1, 2017 at 1:42 pm Perhaps “Trump Transition” should be re-named “Trump Trainwreck” in the links listing. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 1, 2017 at 1:57 pm I ran, last year. I wreck, this year. Reply ↓ polecat April 1, 2017 at 2:23 pm MLTPB … You shouldn’t russia to judgement, you know …… Syria ously ! Reply ↓ HotFlash April 1, 2017 at 4:32 pm Yeah-men! Somalia you guys are pretty sharp! Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 1, 2017 at 1:57 pm “President’s Growing Trade Gap: A Gulf Between Talk and Action”: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/31/us/politics/trump-trade-agreements-actions.html?_r=0 A thought: Trump’s first few weeks in office were marked by visible eagerness to keep his campaign promises – refreshing, really, even if some of them were bad. It didn’t work out too well, so now he’s backing down on many of them. The article goes into the (rather speculative) infighting in the administration on this topic – some things might change abruptly once they make it to the President’s desk. Partly, a lot of this is a direct result of a chief executive with no government experience: he has to recruit experienced people who quite likely disagree with him on key policies. I sympathize, to a degree; the same kiind of thing happened to Syriza in Greece. It’s possible the not-so-new trade proposals are coming from embedded Obama people in the trade office, but they could also be traditional Republican values breaking through. We shall see. Reply ↓ Susan the other April 1, 2017 at 2:34 pm It stands to reason that Trump will not make inroads into the trade gap until he funds, literally fronts the money, to rebuild an infra of high tech industries to mfg things other countries need to buy – things to do with environmental clean up and etc. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim April 1, 2017 at 4:41 pm Oh, look! The Credibility Gap is back! Reply ↓ Phil April 1, 2017 at 2:37 pm What’s worse? White Flight or Gentrification? Reply ↓ Susan the other April 1, 2017 at 2:38 pm About RNN’s Michael Flynn being a cutout lobbyist for Israeli natgas. If Israel recently discovered its own massive gas field within it’s own territorial waters and is now lobbying for its development… how does this affect Quatar’s natgas pipeline through SA, ostensibly the reason for the whole war now with Syria? And how does this affect Russia’s pipeline thru Turkey? Is this a game changer being kept secret? The Iran connection is interesting too. And just curious: is it possible to horizontally drill for nat gas from offshore Israel all the way to offshore Gaza? Just wondering. It all sounds unexplained. To the max, especially considering that Flynn was just denied immunity by the Senate. Reply ↓ RMO April 1, 2017 at 2:39 pm Will doctors be replaced with robots? Well, if it’s Carlos Wu’s nanotech autodoc from the Known Universe stories I’m all for it. Anything short of that machine and you can count me out:-) Reply ↓ George Lane April 1, 2017 at 2:49 pm Yves, please do not link to the dailymail article on Wikileaks. Neither Wikileaks nor Assange ever said that CIA disguised the hack as Russian, just that the CIA has the capability to disguise hacks, through its Marble program. Now, speaking personally, I’d say this is probably the case, but the Mail is a sensationalist rag and it misrepresents WL and Assange for click-bait headlines. The Vault 7 releases, of which only a very small percentage are released thus far, are extremely important, and it would be better to link directly to WL’s press releases on wikileaks.org and to more reputable sources commenting on the releases. Assange’s press conferences and interviews would also be good to link to; I have personally learned a great deal from watching them. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 1, 2017 at 5:07 pm We did link to the Wikileaks release, that’s our first link. And that is what the release said. The longer version of the headline contains a direct quote from Wikileaks: Latest WikiLeaks release shows how the CIA uses computer code to hide the origins of its hacking attacks and ‘disguise them as Russian or Chinese activity'”. Reply ↓ Tertium Squid April 1, 2017 at 3:06 pm Antidote reminds me of this, by John Clare Young Lambs The spring is coming by a many signs; The trays are up, the hedges broken down, That fenced the haystack, and the remnant shines Like some old antique fragment weathered brown. And where suns peep, in every sheltered place, The little early buttercups unfold A glittering star or two–till many trace The edges of the blackthorn clumps in gold. And then a little lamb bolts up behind The hill and wags his tail to meet the yoe, And then another, sheltered from the wind, Lies all his length as dead–and lets me go Close bye and never stirs but baking lies, With legs stretched out as though he could not rise. Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 1, 2017 at 8:02 pm lovely, thank you. i love john clare Reply ↓ dontknowitall April 1, 2017 at 3:06 pm About “WILL ROBOTS REPLACE HUMAN DOCTORS? JSTOR. This is nuts. Interaction with doctors has major placebo effects. And I would not consent to being treated by a robot” Today I went to the funeral of a friend who was mistreated by a human doctor. Eventually we will come to see human doctoring with the same horror as medieval bleeding practices. Just as children today easily transfer human attributes to their robots we adults will eventually and imperceptibly do the same as the machines learn to be us. Reply ↓ Cujo359 April 1, 2017 at 3:53 pm In many places, American medicine is so transaction-oriented these days it might as well be done by robots. When doctors don’t have the time to listen to patients and get to know them, you’ve essentially reduced practicing medicine to a decision tree anyhow. AI? Heck, old-fashioned procedural programming could accomplish that. Reply ↓ nihil obstet April 1, 2017 at 5:58 pm I don’t find major placebo effects from any encounter with the medical industry. To the doctor as well as to the rest of the players, I’m primarily a source of profit. I do not have the information to protect myself; after all, not knowing the problem is why I’m seeing the doctor. In some cases, I get what seems to me the best care. In most cases, I hope it is. And in some cases, I’ve seen that I was being pushed into simply the most expensive care that imposed time, money, and anxiety costs on me. But for all, the emotional effect is bad. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 1, 2017 at 6:06 pm The fact that medicine is a medieval art and there is no scientific research behind many if not most procedures does not change the fact that interacting with a live human being about your ailments is in and of itself therapeutic. And one of my mother’s good friends, himself an MD, died of a hip replacement. Got an infection they could not control. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 1, 2017 at 8:15 pm Also, touch is healing. There’s quite a bit of science to back that up. Modern human society has siloed how, when and why humans get to touch each other in ways that are very detrimental to human physical and mental health. We are social animals. We need to physically interact with one another to be happy. The fact that this innate drive has been channeled by imperial cultures into men only getting to touch other men when they’re fighting or competing, and with women in power imbalanced, transactional sexual encounters fuels so much destructive behavior. If we had a jobs guarantee, we could improve citizen health just by having people offer hugs and handholding to other citizens. That’s part of what the pet obsession is about. There’s all this need to nurture and touch that gets channeled into creatures one can control. Reply ↓ rdu April 1, 2017 at 6:36 pm I talked with an actual doctor, unlike the people who write these kinds of articles. They said the hardest part of the job is that it is a lot like being a detective. Knowing the right questions to ask in order to get the right information — a lot of which involves observing and responding to nonverbal social queues. We are nowhere close to having a computer or robot being able to replicate that. Reply ↓ Mark P. April 1, 2017 at 8:33 pm And yet AI is already dramatically better at diagnosis than human doctors. We’re going to see an expansion of the role of nurse-practitioners. But I don’t see why anybody would want or think the human component in medical treatment could or should be entirely removed. It’s one of the last industries where employment is growing in the developed world and it should continue to be — if there’s not a global civilizational crash by 2100, the global medical-industrial complex could conceivably reach 20-30 percent of planetary GDP. I hang around the biotech/therapeutics crowd from time to time, and it’s moving very fast. For just one instance, regenerative medicine or directed organogenesis — growing new organs — is already enough of a thing that people are taking the cell engineering technologies developed there and starting companies that apply the same tech to what’s called the post-animal bioeconomy — synthesizing meat. Point is, if regenerative medicine comes on line, by 2035 we’ll see the developed world’s population of centenarians rising; fast forward to 2100 and it’s quite possible that there’ll be hundreds of millions of people one-hundred years or older. This will be at the same time as, short of some magic geoengineering solution, people will be fleeing the equatorial regions of the world because some of them will have become too hot to inhabit and coastlines everywhere will be flooding over. Pace Bill Gibson, not only is the future unevenly distributed, it’s going to become even more so. Reply ↓ voteforno6 April 1, 2017 at 3:10 pm Re: The Democrats Are Learning Something They Should Have Learned a Long Time Ago I’ve had my issues with Charles Pierce in the past, what with him being a little too deferential to the Democratic Party, but he does know how to turn a phrase: Of course, as is often the case among Democratic senators, the usual suspects are rounding up themselves. That line is so good, I might have to use it myself. Reply ↓ cripes April 1, 2017 at 3:55 pm >RabidGhandi “There was no antiwar movement (in 1964) because the children of those New York Times readers were not yet in danger of being drafted” It gained greater size and momentum by 1967, but that’s not exactly true. At age six with my commie parents I carried an anti-Vietnam War sign, dragging at my feet, up 1st ave in front of the United Nations. I still remember the lunatic faces outside the police barricades screaming “Die, you commie scum” as we marched. The Progressive Labor Party and Young Socialists organized this as the May 2nd Movement. In March, 1965 the Vietnam Day Committee at Berkeley, California, brings out 100,000 people to participate in draft card burning. By 1967, a majority in polls opposed the war and thought it was a losing proposition (assuming the pollers asked if USA would “win”), likely due to the antiwar movement efforts. By 1968 hundreds of thousands were turning out in California, New York, DC, and taking over campuses: Berkley, Columbia, where I also participated at age 10. I’m not romanticising the 1960’s. The war dragged on until the 1973 “withdrawal” and ended with the 1975 fall of Saigon. Colin Powell and others committed grave war crimes and destroyed three countries in the process. The wonder is that Vietnamese patriots never exacted revenge at American malls and transport facilities. Anyway, the anitwar started small and quickly grew to challenge the entire War effort. More than we ever saw with the destruction of Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria and now Yemen. Would that we had that level of organizing today. Cheers. Reply ↓ HotFlash April 1, 2017 at 4:37 pm And we did it with coffee houses, telephones and mimeograph machines. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 2, 2017 at 1:40 am I lived with one of the organizers in Portland, OR. My contribution was to take his messages all day and show up at the occasional demonstration. He’d spend hours on the phone. He looked a lot like a teddy bear and was usually holding up his pajamas. Became some sort of professor, I think, like a lot of our classmates. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes April 1, 2017 at 4:45 pm For once in a long long time, Bill Maher got it right: Hillary should go back to the woods. You’ve got to admire the Clintons for their spunk and resilience.She must realize by now that if she, the most prepared presidential candidate in history, lost to the most buffoonish candidate in history, despite having over a billion dollars at her disposal, she must really be the worst presidential candidate in history. Lesser mortals would have crawled under a rock and died of shame. But no, she’s like a cockroach. She keeps coming back. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cCQgGS2rwA Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 1, 2017 at 6:35 pm You’ve got to admire the Clintons for their spunk and resilience. Nope. I don’t think it’s accurate to refer to grifting predators like the Clintons as either “spunky” or resilient. Would you call Jason from the Halloween movies that? I agree about the rest. Reply ↓ Mark P. April 1, 2017 at 8:50 pm ‘…she, the most prepared presidential candidate in history, lost to the most buffoonish candidate in history, despite having over a billion dollars at her disposal.’ Eh. Reliable word is that she and Bill encouraged Trump to run in the Republican primaries, because they thought Trump would split the Republican base and forestall a more politically viable Republican candidate — as the Clintons understand political viability — emerging. So, that makes Trump only the second-most buffoonish presidential candidate in history, doesn’t it? Truth is, from Hillary’s incompetent attempt at healthcare reform in 1993 — and Bill’s nauseating ‘you get two for the price of one’ line — to her incompetent stint as State Secretary when she blew up Syria and caused the deaths of a half-million people just so it would look good on her resume when she ran for president, she has been disastrously incompetent at everything she’s ever done, except grifting. And even there she keeps getting caught. Reply ↓ kimsarah April 2, 2017 at 2:38 am Have you been reading Russian propaganda sites? Reply ↓ VietnamVet April 1, 2017 at 5:40 pm Yesterday, reading Dmitry Orlov’s blog he cited this YouTube video of a Summit with John Michael Greer, James Howard Kunstler, Chris Martenson, Frank Morris, all together, discussing the present and future: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOFc0ZEmaHI Watched the first 30 minutes. Now that I finished Naked Capitalism for today, time to watch the rest. Reply ↓ reslez April 1, 2017 at 8:58 pm I saw this linked before. It would be nice if there were someone in the room who understood what debt or money was, which is making me hesitate. Reply ↓ VietnamVet April 1, 2017 at 10:11 pm I found the discussion fascinating. I relate with old men trying to figure out what the hell is going on. Money, wealth and a finite earth were discussed. At the end, they said that “progress” is America’s religion. This makes it extremely difficult to discuss the future with the Empire in decline. The financial crash of 2008 was barely papered over. There will be another crash. The next time ATMs probably will jam up. An easy transformation to a more equitable and energy efficient society seems slim if our government is headed in the exact opposite direction. Reply ↓ ewmayer April 1, 2017 at 6:13 pm o “Trump wants to cut U.N. funding — but peacekeeping saves money, as well as lives Washington Post (furzy)” — Just ignore the fact that much of that peacekeeping is deeply intertwined with the US-led imperialist warmongering project. Much like the “Peacekeepers” in the classic SciFi series Farscape, interestingly enough. A la Orwell, the folks pushing such agendas have a penchant to name things after their opposites. o “The Democrats Are Learning Something They Should Have Learned a Long Time Ago Charles Pierce, Esquire (resilc)” — Rest assured that any lessons the Dems are pretending to have learned will be forgotten the instant the party is back in power. o “Official says interstate repairs to take months Washington Post (martha r). Wowsers.” — Oooh, “months” – scary! Given that we’ve been “fixing” Afghanistan for over 15 years now will the full-throated support of WaPo, you’ll pardon me if I find the alarmism over the timeframe here to be a wee bit overblown. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 1, 2017 at 6:49 pm CalPERS’ Pension ‘Myths’ Busted California Political Review. From the article: The average full-career pension for a CalPERS retiree is actually $71,402, Ring showed. From a Motley Fool article, May 1, 2016: Income Category 2013 AGI Top 1% > $428,712 Top 5% > $179,759 Top 10% > $127,694 Top 25% > $74,954 Top 50% > $36,840 Bottom 50% < $36,840 … So, the question is that: Is that $71,402 correct? A retired person, hopefully mortgage fully paid, children all grown up, and especially if covered by Medicare already, has more money per year in retirement than approximately 75% of the earners in the nation? If that figure is correct, we need huge wage inflation for wage earners to catch up with those who no longer need to earn wages. And for private sector retirees, triple or quadruple their current Social Security payments (I think I am projected to receive about $1,500* a month when I retire in 10 years…if I am lucky enough to be able to afford that). *Not enough for $1,600 one bedroom apartment today, in some places (many places?). Time for “Free Senior Apartment” Will our over-80 senators give that a thought? Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 2, 2017 at 12:52 am Even if the figure is accurate, it’s seriously misleading because….how many people stay in a job for their entire working life to get full benefits? The state troopers are the most likely ones. Also, government employees now on average are more highly educated than private sector employees, so you’d expect correspondingly higher retirement pay. Moreover, these pension benefits were explicitly traded against wages. Until the post crisis era (and let us not forget a lot of municipal and state employees were fired in the wake of the crisis, back to my full benefits point), everyone understood what the deal was: you could go into a private sector job and get more pay, but with more risk. The gap between what MDs in university hospitals and lawyers working as judges, prosecutors, or in state/local legal jobs versus their private sector counterparts is ginormous. So basically these people voted for low risk, their bet paid off, and everyone is mad at them. Reply ↓ Jess April 2, 2017 at 1:30 am The huge difference here in CA is that back in the 1990’s the state, under pressure from the unions, unilaterally made a retroactive increase in the pension formula from 2% of final salary times years worked to 3%. Initially is was only for law enforcement, but soon pressure from the unions saw it expanded to many more classes of workers. Immediately, pensions increased by 50%. A $40K pension overnight became a $60K pension. At higher pay levels it was even more obscene: $100K pensions became $150K. And, of course, there was no going back to have jurisdictions retroactively put more money into the funds. In addition, up until a couple of years ago when the voters passed a pension reform measure, imminent retirees could scam the system in all kinds of ways. Massive overtime was a favorite, esp. among law enforcement, because it boosted the final year salary figure on which the pension was calculated. We currently have sergeants and regular officers in our local PD who earn as much annually in overtime as they do in base pay. The next city over had 3 meter maids who make $140K a year. Same for unused vacation pay. Say you were entitled to 3 weeks vacation at $2K per week. You skip the vacation, work and get paid for those three weeks, then have the $6K you didn’t take added to your pension formula. Then there’s the COLA adjustments, which found some retirees, after a few years, taking home more in a pension than they earned while working. And more than a few jurisdictions entered into sweetheart deals with unions where they also paid the employee’s AND employer’s contributions to SS, resulting in an average additional $19K/yr for those retirees. And to top it off, until outlawed by the aforementioned pension reform measure, workers were retiring on Friday and coming right back to work on Monday as independent contractors doing the same job and getting both their regular wages and their retirement. Others retired, collected their pension, and went to work for related departments in other jurisdictions. And all of these things that are no longer permitted cannot be retroactively changed, so the damage done before is still eating into budgets every month and every year. My mother retired after 25 years with a modest CalPers pension plus SS from her previous work in the private sector. She went batshit crazy in her later years over what she considered the scandalous manipulation of the retirement system. Reply ↓ bob April 1, 2017 at 7:07 pm 2 Questions that have not been answered in the Atlanta mess- 1) whose pipe was it? Who owned the pipe? 2) who owned the land? Was there a rental agreement with whomever owned the pipe? This could be just another example of externalizing storage costs. Don’t want all that pipe in your construction yard? Insurance won’t cover it because that much of anything is a hazard? Stick it on some publicly owned land, rent free. If that land happens to be under an overpass- bonus! It’s dry, ith easy access to the highway. No one will care, until something happens….like a fire. I saw that 3 people have been charged with arson and trespassing. If the land was public, how is the trespass charge valid? Will the owners of the pipe also be charged with trespass, for putting it there? I’ve been looking around for a while now and still haven’t found anything resembling an answer to those 2 very basic questions. Reply ↓ bob April 1, 2017 at 7:33 pm Googling around the area via street view shows the some yellow pipe under the highway with access via a locked gate onto Piedmont Ave. There’s a sign on the gate, but it’s not readable. Its an interesting area that could have a bunch of Overlapping land jurisdictions. Ineterstate, local road. There’s also a train yard just to the west, which joins with an RR Row if some sort just to the north. 2119 Piedmont Rd NE Atanta, GA is the address. Reply ↓ bob April 1, 2017 at 7:42 pm I also expect to see 911 truthers crawling all over this obvious false flag- Concrete and steel don’t melt in a fire! There was black smoke! Why isn’t this being livestreamed, they could be covering it all up. :) Reply ↓ witters April 1, 2017 at 11:35 pm All I know about 911 is that I, like the poor bastards who did the official report, don’t know the full truth. Then there are deniers and denier deniers who do. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 2, 2017 at 1:04 am FWIW, news reports said it was a Dept. of Transportation (state) storage facility. They would control the land under the freeway. The pipe was HDPE, used as conduit for electrical and data wires. If there was also machinery stored, there would have been fuel, besides the pipe. Some people have been charged for setting the fire; I wonder how they got in? Reply ↓ fresno dan April 1, 2017 at 7:12 pm http://komonews.com/news/nation-world/watch-badger-buries-cow-carcass-in-utah-shocks-scientific-world Don’t have a cow, man. Badger buries cow. Further research to determine if he went out later for fries… Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 2, 2017 at 12:59 am Both Britain and the EU should be required to watch “The War of the Roses,” with Kathleen Turner and Michael Douglas, a 1989 movie about a divorce gone really, really bad. Hilarious, but not if you have to live through it. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments kimsarah on Links 4/1/17Will that be a 9-iron or a 3-wood,... clinical wasteman on Links 4/1/17Except Argentina? (See above). Except in this case... kimsarah on Links 4/1/17Good point, Bernie. But really, we won because... kimsarah on Links 4/1/17Have you been reading Russian propaganda sites? different clue on Links 4/1/17I had that same problem. I figured it... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,007) Banking industry (4,644) Brexit (47) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (455) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,461) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,760) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (619) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,408) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,460) Health care (389) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (953) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (496) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,882) Links (3,040) Macroeconomic policy (972) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,011) Private equity (510) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,523) Regulations and regulators (3,578) Ridiculously obvious scams (437) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,014) Social values (1,788) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (384) Technology and innovation (450) The destruction of the middle class (1,339) The dismal science (1,458) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (644) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News Highly-Respected Trial Lawyer, Stan Saltzman, Announces Keynote Speech at the 2017 NELA Conference in Washington, DC Marlin & Saltzman co-founder, Stan Saltzman Since the 1980s, Marlin & Saltzman has focused its practice on “fighting for the ‘little guy’” and leveraging “the power that the law offers to ‘make things right.’” Los Angeles, CA (PRWEB) April 01, 2017 Stanley Saltzman, founding partner of Marlin & Saltzman, a preeminent employment and consumer class action, mass tort and catastrophic injury firm, will be a keynote speaker at the National Employment Lawyers Association (NELA) Litigating Wage & Hour Cases: Challenges & Opportunities Conference in Washington, DC on Saturday, April 1. Mr. Saltzman will address the tactics he and his firm use in preparation to win a wage and hour trial. Since the 1980s, Marlin & Saltzman has focused its practice on fighting for the little guy and leveraging the power that the law offers to make things right. This session, given in conjunction with Hillary Schwab of Fair Work P.C., and moderated by Brendon Donelon, of Donelon P.C., will provide an overview of the trial process, effective preliminary examination of a witness for an employment law case, representative proof issues including class member witness selection and types of evidence to present at trial to appeal proof the verdict. Other conference sessions include: significant developments and recent trends in wage and hour law, the challenges of case preparation and execution, litigating on behalf of federal employees, and litigating claims on behalf of low-wage and immigrant workers. NELA advances employee rights and serves lawyers who advocate for equality and justice in the American workplace. NELA provides assistance and support to lawyers in protecting the rights of employees against the greater resources of their employers and the defense bar. About Stan Saltzman Stanley Saltzman, a founding partner of Marlin & Saltzman (http://www.marlinsaltzman.com), is a highly-respected trial lawyer with over 30 years of experience in employment class-action litigation. Stan has dedicated his practice to protecting the rights of employees and consumers. Serving as both lead and co-counsel on over one hundred class-action cases, Stan and his firm have had numerous mega-results against some of America’s largest corporations, including State Farm, Allstate, Wal-Mart, Bank of America, and many more. His firm has successfully litigated cases involving violations of numerous employment laws and practices, including off-the-clock/unpaid time allegations, overtime, misclassification, and unpaid vacation payment, reimbursement of expenses, improper wage statement and other wage and hour violations, as well as numerous consumer issues. Collectively, Marlin & Saltzman has been responsible for the resolution of claims in these fields totaling in excess of $850 million dollars in settlements or judgments. About Marlin & Saltzman Since 1985, Marlin & Saltzman (http://www.marlinsaltzman.com) has helped hundreds of thousands of clients gain fair compensation for their employment and consumer class injuries and catastrophic injuries. In our 30 years of experience, Marlin & Saltzman has recovered more than $850 million for our clients; becoming a preeminent law firm throughout California and the entire nation. Our team of attorneys has over 135 years of combined experience in class actions and complex litigation. If you are in need of attorneys who will fight for the best compensation award possible for the losses you have suffered, contact Marlin & Saltzman, a law firm with a history of success. For more information about our firm, please visit our website at http://www.marlinsaltzman.com. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Intravenous Immunoglobulin (IVIg) Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021 Next PostNext Wind Sail Receptor, Inc. Selling Windmills that have 5 Kilowatt Capacity in Only 6 Feet of Diameter Search Recent Posts Statement by Federica Mogherini and Commissioner Christos Stylianides following the landslides in Colombia Thrilling NHRA Four-Wide Nationals Returns to zMax Dragway for One-of-a-Kind NHRA Mello Yello Grad Racing Series Event Google News – satPRnews 2017-04-02 00:43:52 Brazilian Dam Causes Too Much or Too Little Water in Amazon Villages Net Element Reports Full-Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Update Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Highly-Respected Trial Lawyer, Stan Saltzman, Announces Keynote Speech at the 2017 NELA Conference in Washington, DC Highly-Respected Trial Lawyer, Stan Saltzman, Announces Keynote Speech at the 2017 NELA Conference in Washington, DC Posted on April 1, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Stan Saltzman, co-founder of Marlin & Saltzman, to give keynote speech at 2017 NELA conference. Los Angeles, CA (PRWEB) April 01, 2017 Stanley Saltzman, founding partner of Marlin & Saltzman, a preeminent employment and consumer class action, mass tort and catastrophic injury firm, will be a keynote speaker at the National Employment Lawyers Association (NELA) Litigating Wage & Hour Cases: Challenges & Opportunities Conference in Washington, DC on Saturday, April 1. Mr. Saltzman will address the tactics he and his firm use in preparation to win a wage and hour trial. Since the 1980s, Marlin & Saltzman has focused its practice on fighting for the little guy and leveraging the power that the law offers to make things right. This session, given in conjunction with Hillary Schwab of Fair Work P.C., and moderated by Brendon Donelon, of Donelon P.C., will provide an overview of the trial process, effective preliminary examination of a witness for an employment law case, representative proof issues including class member witness selection and types of evidence to present at trial to appeal proof the verdict. Other conference sessions include: significant developments and recent trends in wage and hour law, the challenges of case preparation and execution, litigating on behalf of federal employees, and litigating claims on behalf of low-wage and immigrant workers. NELA advances employee rights and serves lawyers who advocate for equality and justice in the American workplace. NELA provides assistance and support to lawyers in protecting the rights of employees against the greater resources of their employers and the defense bar. About Stan Saltzman Stanley Saltzman, a founding partner of Marlin & Saltzman (http://www.marlinsaltzman.com), is a highly-respected trial lawyer with over 30 years of experience in employment class-action litigation. Stan has dedicated his practice to protecting the rights of employees and consumers. Serving as both lead and co-counsel on over one hundred class-action cases, Stan and his firm have had numerous mega-results against some of America’s largest corporations, including State Farm, Allstate, Wal-Mart, Bank of America, and many more. His firm has successfully litigated cases involving violations of numerous employment laws and practices, including off-the-clock/unpaid time allegations, overtime, misclassification, and unpaid vacation payment, reimbursement of expenses, improper wage statement and other wage and hour violations, as well as numerous consumer issues. Collectively, Marlin & Saltzman has been responsible for the resolution of claims in these fields totaling in excess of $850 million dollars in settlements or judgments. About Marlin & Saltzman Since 1985, Marlin & Saltzman (http://www.marlinsaltzman.com) has helped hundreds of thousands of clients gain fair compensation for their employment and consumer class injuries and catastrophic injuries. In our 30 years of experience, Marlin & Saltzman has recovered more than $850 million for our clients; becoming a preeminent law firm throughout California and the entire nation. Our team of attorneys has over 135 years of combined experience in class actions and complex litigation. If you are in need of attorneys who will fight for the best compensation award possible for the losses you have suffered, contact Marlin & Saltzman, a law firm with a history of success. For more information about our firm, please visit our website at http://www.marlinsaltzman.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14206899.htm Latest News Wind Sail Receptor, Inc. Selling Windmills that have 5 Kilowatt Capacity in Only 6 Feet of Diameter Highly-Respected Trial Lawyer, Stan Saltzman, Announces Keynote Speech at the 2017 NELA Conference in Washington, DC Another Year of Football, Another Win for Hearing Health: EarQ Tackles Hearing Loss at Annual NFLPA Convention Plum Practicewear, in Partnership With JOGA, Offers $1,500 Gymnastics Scholarship The Children’s Museum of Indianapolis Ranks #1 in America National Debt Relief Shares Tips To Avoid Phishing Night and Day Pediatrics Miami Offers House Call Services for Residents and Tourists “Russian Mentality, its Features and Foundations” Khalil El-Ghoul Listed as a Northern Virginia Magazine’s Top Real Estate Agent in 2017 Green Ox® Pallet Technology Introduces New Shipping Solution for the “Less Than Pallet” and “Less Than Truckload” Shipper © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 41° F Clear Wind NW at 1 MPH Pressure 1014 MB Dewpoint 33° F Visibility 10 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Man bound over in Glenwood murder case By Dennis Webb Friday, March 31, 2017 A judge on Friday bound over a Glenwood Springs man for trial on a first-degree murder charge for allegedly shooting and killing his estranged wife before being tracked down in Grand Junction. Gustavo Olivo-Tellez, 27, is accused of shooting Blanca Judith Jurado Salas, 28, multiple times at the Piñon Pines apartments near Glenwood Springs Oct. 7. He and Michelle Castillo, 24, were arrested the following morning by the Grand Junction SWAT team after Grand Junction police tracked them to a Horizon Drive motel by pinging Castillo’s cellphone. Olivo-Tellez faces a life sentence if convicted of first-degree murder. Ninth Judicial District Court Judge John Neiley issued his ruling Friday based on the testimony of a single witness, Garfield County sheriff’s investigator Brian Sutton. Sutton presented an investigative video recording of the crime scene, which showed the deceased murder victim lying on her back at the entrance to her bedroom, having been killed when the couple’s toddler son was in the apartment. Sutton said a wound to her hand indicated she had tried to defend herself during the shooting. He said the doorway showed signs of forced entry, either at the time of the murder or previously, and investigators found bullet shell casings on the scene. Sutton said both Castillo and Olivo-Tellez initially denied during interviews with investigators that he had killed Jurado Salas before eventually saying that he’d done it. Sutton said the evidence shows the couple bought ammunition the day of the murder at a Walmart on the Front Range before heading to Glenwood Springs. After the shooting, Sutton said, they stopped at a park in Glenwood Springs along the Roaring Fork River, where Olivo-Tellez later showed Sutton that he had thrown his gun, ammunition and a cellphone into the water. Sutton said ammunition and the gun linked by tests to the murder were found there, but not the cellphone. Sutton said Olivo-Tellez and Castillo withdrew cash from a bank, bought some liquor in Silt and headed to Grand Junction with his young child. Olivo-Tellez reportedly left the child with a relative there, an arrest affidavit says. Sutton said Castillo tried unsuccessfully to get a friend to reserve a hotel room in Grand Junction under the friend’s name. Castillo then used her own name to reserve it, he said. He said Castillo had made a statement to her friend that the couple was trying to get to California because someone was looking for him. According to Sutton, Castillo said that Olivo-Tellez and Jurado Salas had been having child custody issues, and that Jurado Salas also “hated” Castillo. Sutton said Olivo-Tellez told investigators he had been planning the murder for several days. Sutton said he believes Olivo-Tellez also told investigators something “along the lines of he was burning inside and he didn’t have a life.” Garth McCarty, Olivo-Tellez’s attorney, unsuccessfully argued to Neiley that prosecutors relied too heavily on hearsay evidence in Friday’s hearing, and he also cited evidence suggesting Olivo-Tellez and Castillo might have bought the ammunition for use in practice target shooting. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Rns, Cnas, Volunteer Coordinator Find Your Life'sWork at HopeWest.Our team is growing, join our cu... Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Veterinary Hospital Help Are you an energetic, compassionateanimal lover?Arrowhead Veterin... Practice Manager Opportunity for a medical specialty. Busy office seekingprofessi... City Of Grand Junction Hiring Opportunities Now hiring for thefollowing positions:911 Dispatcher$22.52 &n... Rock Mountain Health Plans - Multiple Positions Intervention DeveloperResearch, develop and implement intervention st... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Browse Log in Subscribe Directory Real Estate Classifieds Shop Welcome to Martha's Vineyard Martha's Vineyard Magazine Island Weddings The Vine Time Machine Sections News Opinion Arts & Entertainment Calendar Nature & Science Food & Garden Sports Obituaries Photography Island Information Towns Aquinnah Chilmark Edgartown Oak Bluffs Vineyard Haven West Tisbury Accounts Search Search form Search View Archive Alternatives to plastic bags available at Reliable Market. Mark Lovewell Government Business Nature & Science Oak Bluffs Faces Competing Plastic Bag Bylaw Proposals Alex Elvin Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 5:06pm Print 14 Comments Two competing bylaw proposals in Oak Bluffs this year may boil down to a difference of less than two thousandths of an inch. Voters at the annual town meeting in April will decide whether to join every other Island town in adopting a ban on single-use plastic bags in checkout lines, as drafted by the Vineyard Conservation Society, or opt for a similar but less stringent ban drafted by members of the Oak Bluffs business community this year. The VCS ban targets single-use plastic bags thinner than four thousandths of an inch, about the width of a human hair. Thinner bags without handles, such as those used for produce and bulk items, are exempt. Five Island towns adopted the bylaw by wide margins at their annual town meetings last year, with the Oak Bluffs selectmen delaying the vote in light of concerns by the business community. The alternative bylaw this year includes similar provisions, but targets bags thinner than 2.5 thousandths of an inch. The proposal also allows for biodegradable and compostable plastic bags, and includes a provision for businesses to defer for up to a year at a time, with board of health approval. Signe Benjamin, Joan Malkin, Samantha Look, Liz Witham, Nina Hitchen and Sakiko Isomichi of VCS. — Mark Lovewell “Both proposals are in agreement that those little flimsy grocery bags, they are not appropriate anymore and we can do better,” said Todd Rebello, a retail business owner who advocated for delaying the question last year. “The difference in the two articles at this point is the business one takes into account the unintended consequences of going too far with a ban.” The increased costs associated with the VCS proposal would likely eliminate the distribution of all single-use plastic bags in checkout lines, while the alternate proposal would allow businesses more flexibility. After tabling the VCS proposal last year, the selectmen set up a committee that included business owners, town officials and VCS members to try to reach a compromise. But an agreement couldn’t be reached before the deadline for submitting town meeting articles by petition, and VCS dropped out of the process. Selectman Gail Barmakian, who took part in the efforts, said the committee investigated municipal bag bans across the state, finding 20 others with a threshold of 2.5 thousandths of an inch, or 2.5 mils. “It’s much thicker than what we use now,” she said, adding that the bags would be less likely to blow away, and would cost less than those required under the VCS ban. But VCS and others say a threshold of 2.5 mils would fall short of their goals for protecting the environment. “It would be a pretty invisible change,” said VCS staff member Samantha Look, arguing that businesses would end up using just as many plastic bags as before, and that customers would not be encouraged to change their behavior. “The subset of businesses that have crafted this alternate [proposal] are very clear in the fact that they want to continue using plastic bags,” she said. She added that the Island lacks the appropriate infrastructure for handling compostable plastic bags, and that biodegradable plastic bags include unknown ingredients and require certain conditions to live up to their name. Advocates of the new proposal emphasize its benefits to small business owners who may not be able to afford switching to paper or thicker plastic, and to day-trippers and others who may end up struggling with paper bags and spilled groceries. “Most of these proposals are not aimed at mom and pop stores that are under 2,500 square feet,” Mr. Rebello said of other bans around the country. “Smaller businesses like my own don’t have the buying power of a Best Buy or a Walmart.” He said the added cost of paper or thicker plastic bags in Oak Bluffs would be passed on to the customer. Plastic bag bans have spread rapidly across the state, growing from about 16 when VCS began drafting its proposal in 2015, to more than 40 this year. Ms. Look said 12 additional towns in the state would be voting on bans this spring, with Boston working on a proposal of its own. A statewide ban is also in the works. Island health agents this week said the VCS ban has been rolling out smoothly, with down-Island towns issuing a number of one-year deferments so businesses can use up their existing stock. Edgartown has issued nine deferments, and Tisbury has issued four. Edgartown health agent Matt Poole said most of the deferments in his town related to paper bags, which under the VCS ban must be marked as recyclable and show the percentage of post-consumer recycled content. (The new proposal requires only the words “recyclable” or “please recycle.”) Ms. Barmakian argued that Oak Bluffs is something of an outlier, with four different boatlines arriving every day in the summer, and the only non-chain grocery store on the Island. “It is very much a resort town, where there are lots of day people that are coming off the boats and may not be prepared,” she said. Mr. Rebello noted that many day trippers are seniors or people who arrive on buses. “For us to give them paper, it’s not going to make it through the day,” he said. He also argued that without plastic bags, take-out restaurants would use more plastic and styrofoam containers, which could fill up trash barrels in town. But others sought to put the business angle into perspective. Nina Carter, who lives in Oak Bluffs year-round and has been active in promoting the VCS initiative, including through a program at the town library this winter, said only a handful of businesses were now pushing for the alternate ban. “It’s definitely a minority,” she said. She noted a perception in town that the VCS proposal had been imposed from outside, but she encouraged Oak Bluffs to get on board with the rest of the Island. “We are one Island, and the rest of the Island spoke clearly that they wanted a change,” she said. “I think that Oak Bluffs should be taking that into consideration as well.” It’s unclear how the dueling proposals will play out at the town meeting, although town moderator Jack Law said this week that he would likely allow discussion of both articles, followed by a vote on the alternate proposal. If the motion carries, he said, the VCS proposal would be tabled indefinitely. Otherwise, it too would come to a vote. Mr. Rebello said he didn’t expect very much debate at the town meeting, and he was confident that one of the two articles would pass. “Plastic bag bans in most places are hard to stop,” he said. “But there are consequences and you have to discuss the consequences.” plastic bag ban Oak Bluffs town meeting Comments (14) Steve, Falmouth Ban 'em all!! And straws and balloons too!! March 30, 2017 - 9:06pm reply Pamela Brock, Vineyard Haven How did this get soooo complicated in one town on MV? March 30, 2017 - 9:52pm reply Brian C Smith, Oak Bluffs Perhaps at town meeting we can amend the plastic bag article to replace the bag verbiage with eliminating nips. That would truly have a positive local impact rather than some dubious environmental impact. March 30, 2017 - 9:56pm reply Steve, Falmouth Nips too!!!! March 31, 2017 - 9:44am reply .Nyx, Edinburgh I'm with Steve from Falmouth! Stop messing around and keep the Vineyard healthy and beautiful. March 31, 2017 - 7:27am reply Jim, Edgartown Come on.....ban them all they are terrible for the environment. March 31, 2017 - 8:25am reply Joel, Katama Let's raise the bar and change people's habits. We got rid of leaded gas, we added seatbelts, etc. It's ok to change habits so we don't see the omnipresent platic bags blowing around our island. We're not talking about real hardship here. March 31, 2017 - 8:29am reply Liz, Aquinnah OK OB, it's time to step up to the plate. The "business" bylaw you've drafter this past year is worse than no bylaw because it would result in more plastic entering the waste stream. The VCS bylaw is the bylaw that every other town on the island has adopted. Other island businesses are stepping up to the plate and doing their part. Kudos also to the OB businesses who have already made the transition. It's the right thing to do, and the time is now. March 31, 2017 - 12:10pm reply Mike, Vineyard haven Bio degradable bags. They are out. Go UMAINE in Orno. My son has been a pioneer in this and is doing an incredible job. Soon all plastics will be this way March 31, 2017 - 3:14pm reply Vineyard Conservation Society While we appreciate the extensive research that went into this article, we can’t help but feel that the first sentence does a real disservice to the rest of the story. No, the decision before voters really doesn’t “boil down to a difference of less than two thousandths of an inch.” This decision is about whether or not you want stores in Oak Bluffs to continue providing disposable plastic bags at checkout. The purpose of the bylaw created by VCS (article 44) is to end that, while the purpose of the other bylaw (article 45) is to allow it. THAT is what all the language about bag thickness and exceptions for supposedly “eco-friendly” plastic really boils down to. March 31, 2017 - 4:05pm reply Steve, Falmouth Thank you for pointing that out!!! April 1, 2017 - 6:44am reply Sara Piazza, Edgartown There's a new pastime in Edgartown: watching groceries roll across the parking lot at Stop&Shop. March 31, 2017 - 9:42pm reply Amy Billings, Oak Bluffs My question still is why are the business owners the ones that need to " step up" yet again ? If you want a plastic, paper or cloth bag when you shop you should then go home and reuse, recycle or dispose of it properly. As an early morning walker I see trash everywhere, there are more nips, water and cigarette packages than plastic bags. You are acting like this one bylaw will clean up our town. I guess I do know why ! Because biodegradable or not it's easier than actually holding the person littering responsible . March 31, 2017 - 10:07pm reply Charles Shabica, Oak Bluffs Right on Amy! My mother Eleanor (first year in OB was 1918) lectured us kids saying "littering should be a capital crime." April 1, 2017 - 10:58am reply Comments Add a comment Name * Location Comment * Home page Vineyard Notebook To keep up with the news sign up for our free twice-a-week email, the Vineyard Gazette Notebook.   View archive » Related Stories Size Matters for Bag Ban in Oak Bluffs Oak Bluffs voters could face dueling plastic bag ban bylaws at their annual town meeting, with... February 16, 2017 Plastic Bag Ban Arrives in the New Year Many of the shoppers in downtown Vineyard Haven on Sunday sported the same bags. December 22, 2016 On Heels of Vineyard Initiative, State Senate Passes Plastic Bag Ban Riding a wave of consumer demand, a statewide ban on single-use plastic bags has passed the state... June 8, 2016 © 2017 Vineyard Gazette Advertise with the Gazette Contact Us Store Employment RSS FAQs Site Policies About Us
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business The entire coal industry employs fewer people than Arby’s FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 2017, 8:35 P.M. By Christopher Ingraham Washington Post Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS “My action today is the latest in a series of steps to create American jobs and to grow American wealth,” President Donald Trump said earlier this week before a group of coal miners. Trump was announcing the rollback of several Obama-era environmental regulations that would have affected industries such as coal mining. Trump has repeatedly claimed that over-regulation has led to a decline in coal-industry jobs. “I made them this promise,” Trump said at the signing. “We will put our miners back to work.” Experts in the industry have already pointed out, repeatedly, that the coal jobs are extremely unlikely to come back. The plight of the coal industry is more a function of changing energy markets and increased demand for natural gas than anything else. Another largely overlooked point about coal jobs is that there just aren’t that many of them relative to other industries. There are various estimates of coal-sector employment, but according to the Census Bureau’s County Business Patterns program, which allows for detailed comparisons with many other industries, the coal industry employed 76,572 people in 2014, the latest year for which data is available. That number includes not just miners but also office workers, sales staff and all of the other individuals who work at coal-mining companies. Although 76,000 might seem like a large number, consider that similar numbers of people are employed by, say, the bowling (69,088) and skiing (75,036) industries. Other dwindling industries, such as travel agencies (99,888 people), employ considerably more. Used-car dealerships provide 138,000 jobs. Theme parks provide nearly 144,000. Car wash employment tops 150,000. Looking at the level of individual businesses, the coal industry in 2014 (76,572) employed about as many as Whole Foods (72,650), and fewer workers than Arby’s (close to 80,000), Dollar General (105,000) or J.C. Penney (114,000). The country’s largest private employer, Wal-Mart (2.2 million employees), provides roughly 28 times as many jobs as coal. If anything, the numbers above overestimate the jobs impact of coal relative to other industries. Since 2014 the coal industry has shrunk further, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, to 50,300 employees as of February 2017. The point isn’t that coal jobs don’t matter – they matter to the people who have them and to the communities they support, especially as they typically pay far more than do jobs in the retail and service industries. But if you’re looking to make a meaningful increase in the number of jobs available to U.S. workers, bringing back coal jobs isn’t going to do it. There’s also a larger economic debate about coal’s impact on the economy, given the large role it plays in generating the nation’s electricity. But while the industry’s impact is large, its payrolls aren’t. The other thing about coal is that unlike retail and other industries, coal is highly concentrated in certain regions. When coal mines shut down, towns go under. National media send reporters and TV crews to those towns, and the resulting coverage can make coal’s impact on national employment levels feel much larger than it actually is. That national impact is only likely to get smaller, regardless of Trump’s actions. Even a quarter-century ago, the coal industry employed only 131,000 people. If Trump were to somehow bring all those jobs back, there’d still be more people employed by the retail shoe sales industry (224,000). Published: March 31, 2017, 8:35 p.m.  Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Photo from 2006 in Cedar Rapids leads to worldwide recognition of new cloud Special Olympics Iowa hosts Spring Games in Cedar Rapids Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Katie Hallman starts as TCR’s new executive director, aims for sustained growth “Bobby! Bobby!”: Former fan favorite Bobby Goepfert returns to C.R. for HOF induction Korry Howell makes immediate impact for Kirkwood Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Left in ruins, A fascination with abandoned places turns into graphic memoir for UI grad The entire coal industry employs fewer people than Arby's Video Photo Coal miners look at U.S. President Donald Trump sign an executive order on "Energy Independence," eliminating Obama-era climate change regulations, during a signing ceremony at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) headquarters in Washington, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria By Christopher Ingraham, the Washington Post Mar 31, 2017 at 9:58 pm | Print View “My action today is the latest in a series of steps to create American jobs and to grow American wealth,” President Donald Trump said earlier this week before a group of coal miners. Trump was announcing the rollback of several Obama-era environmental regulations that would have affected industries such as coal mining. Trump has repeatedly claimed that overregulation has led to a decline in coal-industry jobs. “I made them this promise,” Trump said at the signing. “We will put our miners back to work.” Experts in the industry have already pointed out, repeatedly, that the coal jobs are extremely unlikely to come back. The plight of the coal industry is more a function of changing energy markets and increased demand for natural gas than anything else. The chief executive of the nation’s largest privately held coal operation told the Guardian earlier this month that Trump “can’t bring back.” Another largely overlooked point about coal jobs is that there just aren’t that many of them relative to other industries. There are various estimates of coal-sector employment, but according to the Census Bureau’s County Business Patterns program, which allows for detailed comparisons with many other industries, the coal industry employed 76,572 people in 2014, the latest year for which data is available. That number includes not just miners but also office workers, sales staff and all of the other individuals who work at coal-mining companies. Although 76,000 might seem like a large number, consider that similar numbers of people are employed by, say, the bowling (69,088) and skiing (75,036) industries. Other dwindling industries, such as travel agencies (99,888 people), employ considerably more. Used-car dealerships provide 138,000 jobs. Theme parks provide nearly 144,000. Carwash employment tops 150,000. Looking at the level of individual businesses, the coal industry in 2014 (76,572) employed about as many as Whole Foods (72,650), and fewer workers than Arby’s (close to 80,000), Dollar General (105,000) or J.C. Penney (114,000). The country’s largest private employer, Wal-Mart (2.2 million employees) provides roughly 28 times as many jobs as coal. If anything the numbers above overestimate the jobs impact of coal relative to other industries. Since 2014 the coal industry has shrunk further according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, to 50,300 employees as of February 2017. The point isn’t that coal jobs don’t matter — they matter to the people who have them and to the communities they support, especially as they typically pay far more than do jobs in the retail and service industries, But if you’re looking to make a meaningful increase in the number of jobs available to U.S. workers, bringing back coal jobs isn’t going to do it. Of course, part of the fixation on coal is because mining has always loomed large in the American imagination. There’s something mysterious and ennobling about the dangerous endeavor to extract valuable commodities from deep within the earth, something that’s missing from, say, used-car sales or ski-lift operation. There’s also a larger economic debate about coal’s impact on the economy, given the large role it plays in generating the nation’s electricity. But while the industry’s impact is large, its payrolls aren’t. The other thing about coal is that unlike retail and other industries, coal is highly concentrated in certain regions. When coal mines shut down, towns go under. National media sends reporters and TV crews to those towns, and the resulting coverage can make coal’s impact on national employment levels feel much larger than it actually is. That national impact is only likely to get smaller, regardless of Trump’s actions. Even a quarter-century ago, the coal industry employed only 131,000 people. If Trump were to somehow bring all those jobs back, there’d still be more people employed by the retail shoe sales industry (224,000). Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Colombia landslide kills 154 on city out ... Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate promi ... China counters Trump trade threat with b ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Screen Rant You Are Reading: Wonder Woman Mattel Toy Line Debuts Exclusively at Wal-Mart Share On Facebook Comments (5) Next Follow Us Follow @screenrant SR EXCLUSIVES MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS REVIEWS VIDEOS LISTS + QUIZZES TRAILERS PODCASTS TOP MOVIES Comics Gaming Up Next 11 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment Wonder Woman Mattel Toy Line Debuts Exclusively at Wal-Mart By Rose Moore 03.31.2017 5 Comments 11 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment The DCEU kicks off its 2017 with Wonder Woman, hitting theaters this June ahead of the big DC ensemble flick Justice League in November. With only a couple of months to go before the film hits the big screen, marketing for Wonder Woman is in full swing, and that means more than just trailers and promo shots. Fans of the iconic DC character are also getting treated to a whole slew of toys and collectibles tied into the film, and these figures are starting to hit shelves this spring. One of the LEGO Wonder Woman sets has already been revealed, sparking speculation about the role that Ares may play in the film, given that his figure is featured prominently on the box. We have also seen popular Funko Pop! Vinyl figures from the film, including Diana in period costume and in her Amazonian outfits. Now, another toy line has been announced, along with the reveal of two figures that will be part of the dolls on offer. The toys are figurines of Steve Trevor (Chris Pine) in the turtleneck and jacket we have seen in trailers, as well as Wonder Woman in her Themyscira dress and sandals, holding a sword. The image, revealed by THR, shows the dolls out of the box, so there is no info on packaging, or on other figures that may also be in the same line. These figures are part of a line from Warner Brothers and Mattel, which will debut exclusively at Wal-Mart for the month of April. In May, more Wonder Woman toys are on the way at the retail giant, including products by Jakks Pacific, Funko and Fisher-Price.   This is fairly standard for merchandise marketing related to a blockbuster film, with retailers and studios creating demand with a big roll-out and exclusive items. Hot Topic routinely has exclusive Pop! Vinyl figures, as do conventions and other retails outlets. Warner Bros. Consumer Products president Pam Lifford said of the rollout: We’re thrilled to bring Wonder Woman front and center to retailers worldwide in support of her first solo feature film. WBCP has developed an incredible assortment of trend-right products in collaboration with our best-in-class licensees, allowing fans of all ages to express their fandom and bring Wonder Woman’s empowerment, inspiration and beauty to life. More images of upcoming tie-in toys for the movie are sure to be revealed in the coming months as the marketing ramps up ahead of the film’s release, and for once, there can be no doubt that the merchandise will heavily feature a female superhero! Next: Every DCEU Movie Currently in Development Source: THR Key Release Dates Wonder Woman release date: Jun 2, 2017 Justice League release date: Nov 17, 2017 Aquaman release date: Dec 21, 2018 Shazam! release date: Apr 5, 2019 Cyborg release date: Apr 3, 2020 Green Lantern Corps. release date: Jul 24, 2020 BY: Rose Moore TAGS: wonder woman Comments (5) 11 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment On SCREENRANT.com More in Movie News 10 Movies We’re Looking Forward To: April 2017 Stan Lee Has Filmed Avengers: Infinity War Cameo Role Aquaman: Amber Heard Shows Off Combat Training in New Video On SCREENRANT.com Trending Latest Topics Movie News Justice League Cameo Reveals Matt Damon's Darkseid Movie News Venom: Zac Efron Cast as Sony's Eddie Brock SR Partners SR Pick: itcher App Helps You Discover New Movies To Enjoy Comics Hulk/Wolverine Hybrid is New Weapon X? Movie News Dave Franco Interested in Nightwing Role SR Originals Ghost in the Shell Whitewashing Controversy Explained Star Wars 8 Justice League Get Out Ending Explained Wonder Woman Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Arrival Ending Explained Wolverine 3 The Walking Dead Season 7 Avengers: Infinity War Screen Rant Forum Discussion Follow Us ABOUT ARCHIVE WRITE FOR US CONTACT US TERMS PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT © 2017 Screen Rant. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News Terra Tech Corp Reports Record Revenues for Year End December 31, 2016 and Issues Revenue Guidance for 2017 of $38 – $40 Million /EINPresswire.com/ — IRVINE, CA–(Marketwired – March 31, 2017) – Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) („Terra Tech” or the „Company”), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company, today announced its financial results for the year ending December 31, 2016. Financial Summary for Full Year 2016 Total revenues for the full year 2016 were $25.33 million, an increase of 154% from $9.98 million in the year ended December 31, 2015; Total revenues generated for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 were approximately $7.13 million, an increase of 229% from $2.17 million in the same period in 2015. Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2016 amounted to approximately 10.2%, compared to approximately 10.2% for the year ended December 31, 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 amounted to approximately $20.72 million, compared to approximately $9.83 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The net loss attributable to Terra Tech for the year ended December 31, 2016 was approximately $26.92 million or ($0.07) per share compared to a loss of approximately $9.23 million or ($0.04) per share for the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase in net loss is primarily attributable to an increase in sales, general and administrative expenses, an increase in other income (expense), and an increase in the loss associated with the issuance of convertible debt and warrants during the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year. The Company had $9.75 million in cash as of December 31, 2016. Stockholders’ equity for the year ended December 31, 2016 amounted to approximately $52.15 million, an increase of approximately $45.81 million compared to approximately $6.34 million as of December 31, 2015. Short-term debt as of December 31, 2016 amounted to approximately $564,000, compared with approximately $917,000 as of December 31, 2015. Long term debt increased from zero to $1.35 million during 2016, due to additional borrowings used for working capital and capital expenditures. „2016 was a watershed year for both Terra Tech and the U.S. cannabis industry,” said Derek Peterson, Chief Executive Officer of Terra Tech. „We made significant progress establishing a strong retail presence in our key target markets by acquiring Blum, Oakland in California and opening of a total of four medical cannabis dispensaries in Nevada. This was also the first full year selling our proprietary IVXX-branded premium medical cannabis products, and we were pleased to see IVXX sales have ramped up throughout the year as our marketing campaign gained momentum and new IVXX-branded products were launched. IVXX products are now sold in 225 dispensaries across California and Nevada, compared with the 200 dispensaries that stocked IVXX at the end of 2015. These efforts contributed to revenues of $25 million, representing year-over-year growth of 154%, exceeding the financial guidance set at the start of the year. „We reached these milestones at a time when the cannabis industry was undergoing a significant shift toward legalization, which resulted in more than half of the states in the U.S. now having comprehensive medical cannabis laws and eight states and the District of Columbia having legalized recreational cannabis in some form. The passing of recreational cannabis ballots in Nevada and California opened significant markets to us and we are confident that our 2016 progress has positioned Terra Tech as a market-leading cannabis company, paving the way for strong growth in the business in 2017 and beyond.” Mr. Peterson concluded, „Of note in 2016, we also expanded our Edible Garden produce lines of natural, USDA Certified Organic herbs and vegetables. This subsidiary continues to provide meaningful revenues and steady cash flow to the Company to support its growth. We look forward to continued, long-term, sustainable value creation for Terra Tech’s shareholders, customers and employees.” Operational Highlights for Full Year 2016 Cannabis Segment Updates: The Company established a retail presence in the states of California and Nevada during 2016. In the fourth quarter 2016, the Company opened two Nevada-based medical cannabis dispensaries. This follows the purchase of one dispensary in Oakland, California and the opening of two dispensaries in Las Vegas, Nevada, during the first nine months of 2016. In the fourth quarter 2016, Terra Tech was granted a license to open a medical cannabis dispensary and production facility in San Leandro, California. This is expected to open in 2017. Terra Tech’s wholly owned subsidiary, IVXX, launched two lines of pre-filled, IVXX-branded medical cannabis cartridges; the „Z35” cannabis oil cartridge line in April, 2016 and the „Z92” cartridges in June, 2016. Edible Garden Updates: Increased number of Edible Garden retailers to 1,900 on December 31, 2016, from 1,800 on December 31, 2015. In the fourth quarter, Edible Garden added two contract farmers to its cooperative of local growers of fresh and local produce. This brings the Company’s national contract farmer count to eight, compared with six at December 31, 2015. In the fourth quarter 2016, Edible Garden installed an additional acre of its hydroponic Dutch movable table system. This move toward automation is expected to lead to increased productivity and gross margins at Edible Garden in 2017. Edible Garden expanded its product line to include SUPERLEAF™, a nutritionally-enhanced lettuce variety developed in conjunction with Rutgers University, as well as potted living herbs and various vitamin and dietary supplement lines aimed at the healthy-living market. Edible Garden®, received the following certifications in 2016: USDA Certified Organic, The Non-GMO Project certification, the Kosher Certification. Edible Garden participated in the New York Produce Show and Conference in December, 2016. 2017 Guidance Revenue guidance for the full year 2017 is $38-40 million. The predicted increase in year-over-year revenue is expected to be driven largely by sales from the Company’s retail dispensaries in California and Nevada, as well as continued growth of the IVXX brand throughout the California and Nevada markets and increased sales at Edible Garden. Conference Call The company will also host a conference call on today, Friday, March 31, 2017 at 4:30 PM Eastern. Dial-In Number: 1-857-232-0157 Access Code: 422095 Derek Peterson, Chairman and CEO of Terra Tech Corp., will be answering shareholder questions at the end of the call. Should you have questions during or prior to the conference call please send an email to TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC Question in the subject line. Mr. Peterson will answer as many questions as time will allow. For those unable to participate in the live conference call, a replay will be available at http://smallcapvoice.com/blog/trtc/. An archived version of the webcast will also be available on the investor relations section of the company’s website. To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, MediFarm LLC and GrowOp Technology. Blüm’s retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley’s, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech’s MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary GrowOp Technology, specializes in controlled environment agricultural technologies. For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/ For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/ For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/ Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/ Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release may be „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as „anticipate”, „believe”, „estimate”, „expect”, „intend”, and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the Company’s business, based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in Terra Tech Corp.’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to: (i) our ability to integrate Black Oak Gallery, a California corporation („Black Oak”), as well as vitamin and dietary supplement lines, into the Company’s operations, (ii) product demand, market, and customer acceptance of the Company’s products, (iii) the Company’s ability to obtain financing to expand our operations, (iv) the Company’s ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (v) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (vi) the Company’s ability to conduct the business of IVXX, Inc., the contemplated businesses of MediFarm, LLC, MediFarm I, LLC, and MediFarm II, LLC, if there are changes in laws, regulations, or government policies related to cannabis, (vii) the Company’s ability to conduct operations if disease, insects, or mites affect Edible Garden Corp.’s produce, herbs, and floral products, and (viii) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Terra Tech Corp.’s website does not constitute a part of this release.         TERRA TECH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS         December 31,     2016   2015   ASSETS                       Current Assets:                 Cash $ 9,749,572   $ 418,082       Accounts Receivable, Net   747,792     741,844       Inventory   1,909,330     949,448       Prepaid Expenses   704,721     147,230         Total Current Assets   13,111,415     2,256,604                 Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net   10,464,764     6,694,975   Intangible Assets, Net   23,627,098     118,932   Goodwill   28,921,260     –   Deposits   54,193     94,528                 TOTAL ASSETS $ 76,178,730   $ 9,165,039                 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY                           LIABILITIES:               Current Liabilities:                 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses $ 2,417,400   $ 1,119,459       Derivative Liability   6,987,000     743,400       Short-Term Debt   564,324     917,363       Income Taxes Payable   615,830     –       Contingent Consideration   12,085,859     –         Total Current Liabilities   22,670,413     2,780,222     Long-Term Liabilities:                 Long-Term Debt   1,354,352     –       Deferred Tax Liability, Net   –     44,000         Total Long-Term Liabilities   1,354,352     44,000           Total Liabilities   24,024,765     2,824,222   COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES             STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY:               Preferred Stock, Convertible Series A, Par Value $0.001: 100 Shares Authorized as of December 31, 2016 and 2015; 100 Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2016; 100 Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2015   –     –     Preferred Stock, Convertible Series B, Par Value $0.001: 49,999,900 Shares Authorized as of December 31, 2016; 24,999,900 Shares Authorized as of December 31, 2015; 36,825,953 Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2016; 16,300,000 Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2015   36,826     16,300     Common Stock, Par Value $0.001: 990,000,000 Shares Authorized as of December 31, 2016; 350,000,000 Shares Authorized as of December 31, 2015; 553,863,812 Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2016; 303,023,744 Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2015   553,864     303,024     Additional Paid-In Capital   124,915,182     51,843,071     Accumulated Deficit   (72,870,999 )   (45,952,109 )   Total Terra Tech Corp. Stockholders’ Equity   52,634,873     6,210,286     Non-Controlling Interest   (480,908 )   130,531         Total Stockholders’ Equity   52,153,965     6,340,817   TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 76,178,730   $ 9,165,039                         TERRA TECH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS           Year Ended December 31,       2016     2015     2014                             Total Revenues   $ 25,327,763     $ 9,975,346     $ 7,094,270   Cost of Goods Sold     22,755,080       8,958,475       6,941,278                             Gross Profit     2,572,683       1,016,871       152,992                             Selling, General and Administrative Expenses     20,720,534       9,833,646       18,341,247                             Loss from Operations     (18,147,851 )     (8,816,775 )     (18,188,255 )                           Other Income (Expense):                           Amortization of Debt Discount     (1,414,202 )     (696,180 )     –     Loss on Extinguishment of Debt     (5,382,813 )     (619,444 )     –     Loss from Derivatives Issued with Debt Greater Than Debt Carrying Value     (1,487,500 )     (561,000 )     (4,808,000 )   Gain (Loss) on Fair Market Valuation of Derivatives     (1,844,500 )     1,800,100       1,912,037     Interest Expense     (377,349 )     (469,576 )     (1,096,324 )   Gain on Fair Market Valuation of Contingent Consideration     668,694       –       –                                   Total Other Income (Expense)     (9,837,670 )     (546,100 )     (3,992,287 )                           Loss Before Provision for Income Taxes     (27,985,521 )     (9,362,875 )     (22,180,542 ) Provision for Income Taxes     –       44,000       –                             Net Loss     (27,985,521 )     (9,406,875 )     (22,180,542 ) Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest     1,066,631       181,295       291,330                             NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO TERRA TECH CORP.   $ (26,918,890 )   $ (9,225,580 )   $ (21,889,212 )                           Net Loss Per Common Share Attributable to Terra Tech Corp. Common Stockholders – Basic and Diluted   $ (0.07 )   $ (0.04 )   $ (0.13 )                           Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding – Basic and Diluted     389,359,598       240,194,811       174,297,430                             CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Orbite Technologies Inc. (EORBF: OTCQX International) | Orbite Announces HPA Update and Fourth Quarter 2016 Results Next PostNext Propanc Authorizes Reverse Stock Split and Corporate Name Change to Propanc Biopharma, Inc. Search Recent Posts B2B lead generation taken to the next level by Finnish startup Sutro Launches Drone-Based System for Chemical Delivery to Swimming Pools FirstNet Names AT&amp;T Partner to Build $46.5 Billion Network for First Responders Nationwide More People Enjoy To Have An Outing With Airwheel S8 Electric Self-balancing Scooter 20170331 PR Parkview Neighborhood to Become a New Orleans HDLC Commission Member Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Betsy McCaughey Opinion Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy The landmines that could kill Trump’s tax cuts By Betsy McCaughey View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 31, 2017 | 8:56pm Modal Trigger Getty Images MORE FROM: Betsy McCaughey Time for US to stop funding horrific UN 'peacekeepers' The GOP’s ObamaCare replacement will boost jobs and cut taxes Trump’s regulation rollbacks have already set off an economic revolution The keys to breaking the GOP deadlock on replacing ObamaCare The No. 1 killer in US hospital is ... secrecy If you’re hunting for a job, hoping for a raise or depending on a retirement account, your future hinges on President Trump’s next big undertaking: cutting taxes. The picture looked rosy until last week. After the election, stocks soared on expectations that tax cuts would ignite an economic boom. The nonpartisan Tax Foundation was estimating that the Republican tax plan would lift wages nearly 8 percent and produce 1.7 million new jobs over the decade. Harvard economist Robert Barro was predicting Trump’s overall economic agenda could boost the nation’s annual growth rate from 2 percent to as much as 4 percent. But when House Republicans failed to pass the ObamaCare repeal last week, it set off alarms that the Trump administration might lack the moxie to deliver its agenda. As with health care, the path to tax reform is littered with landmines. Here’s how Trump can sidestep them and succeed. 1) Pass corporate-tax cuts first to fire up the economy. The House GOP plan includes corporate-tax cuts, breaks for most individuals and something new: a “border adjustment tax.” If Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin wants to get tax reform done by August, he needs to pare down this agenda, putting off individual tax reforms and border issues for next year. Otherwise expect TV ads against “tax cuts for the rich” to make some moderate GOP lawmakers go wobbly. Worse, a border adjustment tax will be lobbied to death because it creates winners and losers in every industry. Instead, start with what has universal GOP support: reducing America’s corporate-tax rates — the highest in the developed world. The GOP plan slashes rates from 35 percent to 20 percent — Trump is pushing for 15 percent — and allows companies to write off investments in equipment and factories immediately instead of over several years. Economist Larry Kudlow calls these changes “growth propellants.” To accelerate the impact, lawmakers can make the cuts retroactive to Jan. 1, 2017. 2) Trump should take the lead. Last week’s health reform failure shows the House GOP is not up to passing tough legislation on its own. Yet already, the gang that couldn’t shoot straight when it came to repealing ObamaCare is demanding the president rely on its version of tax reform, as House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R.-TX) urged Sunday. Fortunately, the White House quickly countered that Trump is “driving the train on this.” 3) Beware of the border tax. To raise $1 trillion to pay for the tax cuts, the GOP is flirting with a 20 percent levy on all imports, and a break for US companies that export. Trump initially labeled the idea “too complicated.” His instincts are spot on. Too many winners. Too many losers. Oil drillers win. Refiners lose. Detroit wins. Car dealers selling imports lose. Japanese automakers are already considering moving production facilities to the United States if the border tax passes, so factory workers here benefit. But consumers pay a lot more at Walmart. With so much at stake, no wonder eight GOP senators are balking, including Tom Cotton of Arkansas, home of Walmart. Yet House Speaker Paul Ryan, who resisted changes to his ObamaCare-repeal bill, is making the same mistake again. He says border tax opponents “simply don’t understand how it works.” 4) Tolerate deficits, short term. Ryan and fellow deficit hawks insist tax cuts have to be offset with tax hikes or spending cuts immediately, If President Ronald Reagan had hamstrung himself like that, there would have been no Reagan economic revolution. As the Tax Foundation confirms, tax cuts spur growth and ultimately yield more revenue. 5) Regrettably, don’t count on Democrats. Sen. Chuck Schumer has already ruled out supporting a tax break for “profitable and powerful corporations.” Never mind they provide half the private-sector jobs in America. While Dems squabble over how to divvy up the economic pie, Trump and Republicans are trying to grow a bigger one. If you work for a living, it will mean more money in your wallet. Betsy McCaughey is a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under borders ,  corporate taxes ,  donald trump ,  economy ,  politics ,  tax reforms ,  taxes Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next It's not really a Republican Congress, 'fake news' didn't ... Read Next It's not really a Republican Congress, 'fake news' didn't ... Share Selection Columnists Kyle Smith Here's proof de Blasio thinks his job is to troll Trump Salena Zito This is the next Democratic stronghold to crack like the Rust Belt Betsy McCaughey The landmines that could kill Trump's tax cuts SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Editorials Justice for Judith Clark means no parole Hate-crime hysteria has a serious cost Why the 'Close Rikers' plan is pure fantasy Today's Cover Browse covers archive Trending Now on NYPost.com 78,054 Trump says he can't make a mistake, then instantly makes a mistake 28,265 Mama June debuts new body 18,694 Soon you'll be able to go to work in a flying taxi More Stories pagesix Mama June debuts new body Now On Decider The Steamiest Selections From Netflix’s “Steamy” Section nypost Trump says he can't make a mistake, then instantly makes a mistake New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – North Hollymead Drive will be closed to traffic at its intersection with Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday during grading and paving across the entrances. A signed detour will direct traffic to South Hollymead Drive and back to North Hollymead Drive east of Route 29. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. (NEW) Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday-Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended –  Line Drive is closed to traffic between India Road and Zan Road through late April. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious March 6 – 12: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Next PostNext RT. 245 WILL REOPEN TO TRAFFIC LATE TOMORROW – Road closed from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at Broad Run bridge for removal of barrier wall Search Recent Posts Vorstandsvorsitzender von Bombardier gibt Erklärung ab, dass er Vergütungserhöhung für 2016 ablehnt Cardtek and Emcredit Introduce First National Mobile Wallet Solution, emPAY When A Colon Cleanse May be Right For You Cardtek and Emcredit Introduce First National Mobile Wallet Solution, emPAY Construction Industry in Top 5 Emerging Markets Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 11.1% Over the period 2016 – 2021 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN Events Apps Contact Us About Us WATCH LIVE 4:30-7 am 11 am 5 pm 6 pm 7 pm 10 pm Weather Nation 52° Huntsville, AL (35801) Today A few clouds from time to time. High around 80F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early giving way to a few showers after midnight. Low around 60F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: April 2, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1 of 2 Courtesy: Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (Photo provided by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation) top story Wife of suspected kidnapper in AMBER Alert files for divorce Adam Lucas alucas@waaytv.com Adam Lucas Mar 31, 2017 Updated Mar 31, 2017 0 Courtesy: Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Jill Cummins, the wife of the man suspected of kidnapping 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas in an ongoing AMBER Alert, has filed for divorce according to our Nashville affiliate, WKRN. Divorce documents show Jill Cummins alleges irreconcilable differences after 31 years of marriage to Tad Cummins. WKRN reports Jill Cummins also claimed her husband is "guilty of inappropriate marital conduct." Tad Cummins is suspected of kidnapping one of his former students, Elizabeth Thomas, on March 13. An AMBER Alert remains in effect in both Tennessee and Alabama for Thomas. +1  (Photo provided by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation) The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation confirmed Tad Cummins and Thomas were seen March 15 on surveillance video at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It's the first confirmed sighting since the two disappeared on March 13. Adam Lucas Follow Adam Lucas Close Get email notifications on Adam Lucas daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Adam Lucas posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Adam Lucas Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles AMBER ALERT: Missing Tennessee teen could be in Decatur, possibly in danger Huntsville man nearly gets electrocuted after sleeping with phone on charger UPDATE: Colbert County ATV accident kills one person, two others conditions are improving Report: Huntsville High School students arrested the most at a popular spring break location UPDATE: Victim identified in deadly Hazel Green wreck on US 231/431 Coca-Cola plant shut down after human waste found in cans Manhunt underway after suspect injures deputy during arrest Elkmont man charged with carrying gun to jail in body cavity AMBER Alert: Video released of Tennessee teen sewing and talking Madison County drug bust nets four arrests, search continues for 2 Images Videos Commented Bill that could change custody laws heads to committee floor (7) Theater refuses to show 'Beauty and the Beast' over gay character (5) Huntsville man nearly gets electrocuted after sleeping with phone on charger (4) Online services to decrease wait times at Huntsville Driver's License Office (2) President Trump gives surprise visit to Alabama students (2) Three students arrested for drugs at Bob Jones High School (2) Consensus on Shared Parenting (2) WATCH: No. 4 Grissom tops No. 2 Sparkman 7-6 (1) Local health facility weighs in on GOP healthcare proposals (1) Nine National Patient Groups Call on House to Oppose the American Health Care Act (1) Hometown Heroes Nominate someone you think is deserving to be called a Hometown Hero! Star99 App download Stream Today's Best Music Anywhere with The Star 99 streaming app. One Million Dollar Community Investment Non-profits can apply for a portion of the $1 million dollars in the form of “media grants” that we will award on a regular basis. Traffic Center For traffic news and updates follow us at the traffic center.  Connect with Us Join our many social media apps. Connect with our talent and follow for news updates.  Weather Nation 24 hour live streaming weather service.  Email Newsletter Sign-up for our newsletters and stay informed.  RoadWAAY Warrior For local traffic updates and road way information.  TN Valley Pros Tennessee Valley Pros where you'll find access to the leading experts in the Huntsville, AL area. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Events Apr 4 Piper & Leaf x Tangled Strings Studio Open Mic Tue, Apr 4, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Free Apr 5 2nd Annual Women's Leadership Symposium Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 9:00 am $95 Apr 7 The Second Annual Alabama A&M University College of Business and Public Affairs Silent Auction Fri, Apr 7, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Free Apr 7 Rotaract Club of Huntsville Prohibition Party Fri, Apr 7, 2017 @ 7:00 pm $15.00 Apr 8 4th Annual Youth Education and Awareness (YEA) (STEM) Conference Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 8:00 am Free Apr 8 Baby Jake's Buddies Fundraiser Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 9:00 am Free Apr 8 PuppyUp Huntsville Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 12:00 pm $25 Apr 8 Watoto Children's Choir in Concert Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Free Apr 8 Brews for Mews 2017 Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 6:00 pm $10 in advance, $15 at door Apr 8 Kelvin Wooten with Special Guests in Concert Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 7:30 pm $20 Apr 10 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Mon, Apr 10, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 11 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Tue, Apr 11, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 12 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Wed, Apr 12, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Apr 12 5th annual AOD Community Career Fair Wed, Apr 12, 2017 @ 10:00 am Apr 13 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Thu, Apr 13, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections News Weather Sports Trending Contests Videos Redstone Space Tech Million Dollar Community Investment Online Features Services Full TV Episodes Team About Contact Employment Contact Information waaytv.com 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-3131 Email: newsroom@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 April 2017 by Military News Best Bet for IRAs: OptionsHouse vs. Capital One There may be no better way to save for retirement than by opening an IRA . With all the tax benefits of a 401(K), and all the freedoms of an ordinary brokerage account, IRAs offer investors an opportunity to control their own financial futures. But selecting a brokerage for your IRA isn’t always as simple as it seems. Today, we’ll look at two discount brokers, OptionsHouse and Capital One , to review what they offer IRA investors. Commission prices Of all the ways to buy and sell stocks, doing it online through a discount brokerage is inherently less expensive. In the table below, you’ll see that OptionsHouse and Capital One price most trades at less than the cost of a combo meal. Brokerage Stocks and ETFs Stock Options Mutual Funds OptionsHouse $4.95 per trade $4.95 + $0.50 per contract $20.00 per purchase Capital One $6.95 per trade $6.95 + $0.75 per contract $19.95 per purchase Data sources: Company websites. The differences in pricing comes down to just two dollars per trade, a relatively small margin for most investors. But Capital One’s higher prices come with an asterisk: The company provides the option to place trades that are not time sensitive and pay just $3.95 per trade. Its so-called ShareBuilder program can be used to purchase stocks, ETFs, and funds. You can also set it to buy automatically for you. One small secret of the brokerage industry is that prices aren’t always concrete. In fact, many brokers’ special offers for new clients include commission-free trades and cash bonuses that are added to your account balance. These bonus offers are effectively discounts on the standard price. Mutual funds, ETFs, and commission-free choices Not every action in an IRA account comes with a cost. In fact, it’s common for brokerages to waive fees on a selected list of ETFs and mutual funds. Brokerage Total Mutual Funds No-Load, No-Transaction-Fee Funds (NTF) Commission-Free ETFs OptionsHouse More than 12,100 None 5 (O’Shares) Capital One More than 1,100 More than 400 None Data sources: Barron’s , company websites, and representatives. Depending on the role funds play in your portfolio, you could potentially save thousands of dollars in fees by investing in commission-free ETFs and no-load, no-transaction-fee mutual funds. At around $20 per investment, investors who use Capital One and OptionsHouse to make repeated fund purchases every month for a year would pay approximately $240 in fees just to buy their favorite mutual funds. Some brokers have more free funds than others — compare some popular brokers here . Minimum deposit requirement for IRAs You won’t have to empty your life savings to open an IRA with Capital One or OptionsHouse. Both brokers feature no minimum-deposit requirements, which means you can open an account with the balance in your change jar. It also means that you can get started now, rather than save up in less lucrative or tax-inefficient accounts before opening an IRA. No-minimum IRA brokers help you save for retirement without destroying your piggy bank. Image source: Getty Images. Investing in foreign stocks and ADRs If foreign stocks strike your fancy, OptionsHouse and Capital One both enable their investors to trade American depositary receipts (ADRs) from their online accounts. You can think of an ADR as something like a foreign stock ticker that trades on an American exchange. Many of the world’s largest companies have them. However, if it’s important that you trade directly on international exchanges, you’ll have to settle for a different broker. International trading capabilities are only offered by a select few discount brokerages . Mobile trading apps Do you have a tablet or a mobile phone? If you answered „yes” to that question, you’ll be pleased to find you can trade from anywhere with an internet connection. Here’s how each broker’s users and customers rated their mobile trading apps, as of March 15, 2017. Brokerage Apple App Store Google Play OptionsHouse 1.6 stars 3.1 stars Capital One 2.5 stars 2.9 stars Data sources: Relevant app stores. IRA account fees and service charges IRA fees are common, but many are avoidable if you know some tricks. Maintenance fees (for having an account) and inactivity fees (for trading too infrequently) are some fees that are more common than others. But there’s some good news here: Neither OptionsHouse nor Capital One charge either kind of fee, so investors don’t have to sweat that their IRAs will be nickel-and-dimed by unexpected and recurring charges. OptionsHouse vs. Capital One: A review Depending on how you invest, OptionsHouse and Capital One could potentially be a good fit. CapitalOne’s ShareBuilder service can be a good way for new investors to get started, given its lower costs, and the fact that it can also be used to purchase no-transaction-fee funds completely free on a recurring basis. OptionsHouse might be a better fit for people who trade more actively, or who plan to trade options more frequently. Ultimately, it’s all about how a broker’s offerings align with your portfolio. To be clear, The Motley Fool does not endorse any particular brokerage, but we can help you find one that’s a good fit for you. Visit Fool.com’s IRA Center  to compare several leading discount brokers on one page. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of March 6, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market Next PostNext What Is Tax Evasion? Search Recent Posts Are You Missing Out on Free Money? 3 Top Apple Suppliers to Buy in 2017 What Investors Missed in the Market This Week 3 Popular Stocks Hedge Fund Tycoons Are Ditching 3 Top Assisted Living Stocks to Buy in 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers · : · : · : · UNTIL PRICES RISE FOR Learn More Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Until prices rise for TNW Conference. Learn more > Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Apple, Google and Microsoft will fight Trump’s anti-climate order with clean energy by Mix — in Insider 1,262 shares Taking a stance against the anti-climate executive order issued by President Trump earlier this week, Apple, Google, Microsoft and Amazon have stated they will remain committed to using clean energy in their continued efforts to fight climate change. On Tuesday, Trump signed an order telling the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to rethink a series of rules and restrictions – better known as the Clean Power Plan – instated by the Obama administration to encourage government organs to consider environmental impact when mandating decisions. Ever been to a tech festival? TNW Conference won best European Event 2016 for our festival vibe. See what's in store for 2017. LEARN MORE But it seems the titans of the tech industry disagree. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the four companies said in a joint statement to Bloomberg. Apple and Google have both remained dedicated to powering their global operations solely on clean and renewable energy. Back in 2016, Apple issued $1.5 billion in bonds to further facilitate its conversion to clean energy. Google similarly said its offices and data centers will run exclusively on renewable energy from next year. Trump, on his part, has taken the opposite approach. Shortly after assuming office, the President reportedly told the EPA to scrap all climate change resources from its website, causing employees to haphazardly begin archiving materials before they’re all gone. Apple and co. are not the only big names to voice their frustration with the anti-climate order. Wal-Mart and IKEA have similarly expressed disapproval. Unlike them, however, the Independent Petroleum Association of America and the Chamber of Commerce welcomed the move with open hands. on Bloomberg Read next: Master the web's most commonly used programming language for a price you like AppleGoogleInsightsMicrosoft Share on Facebook (835) Share on Twitter (319) Mix is a reporter from Amsterdam. Happy to hear your thoughts on dimitar@thenextweb.com or @Mixtatiq on Twitter. Mix is a tech writer based in Amsterdam that loves cinema and probably hates the movies that you like. Tell him everything you despise about his work on Twitter or pitch him your terrible ideas via email. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 597 Posts / mo. 31.49   All posts by Dimitar > The latest articles around Apple Watch Android Auto and Apple CarPlay face off in real-world navigation battle Mix Apple lets developers respond to iOS app reviews at last Abhimanyu Ghoshal The best feature in Apple's iOS 10.3 is one you won't even notice Matthew Hughes Here's some more distraction Ads are coming to VR and we really hope this is an April Fools’ joke Rachel Kaser Our always-updated list of the best April Fools' Day pranks in the tech world [2017 Edition] Bryan Clark Is your business really ready to grow? TNW with TMF Group Office romance: 7 proven ways to create a successful startup-corporate collaboration TNW with BNP Paribas Oculus cofounder leaves Facebook amid legal firestorm Rachel Kaser Facebook opens 360 livestreaming to everyone Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Is your business really ready to grow? Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Google Maps now lets you play Ms. Pac-Man for April Fools Napier Lopez 2 Pornhub turns on HTTPS to hide the weird porn you watch from ISPs Mix 3 Verizon will pre-install spyware on Android phones to track your data Mix 4 Netflix wants to pay you to translate subtitles Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Reddit's 'Place' forces millions to work together in creating something beautiful Bryan Clark Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest 1 We found everything you need to learn to code — and put it all in one bundle (95% off) TNW Deals 2 Reddit's 'Place' forces millions to work together in creating something beautiful Bryan Clark 3 Doodle 4 Google winner envisions a happy future Rachel Kaser 4 PETA's crusade against Nintendo's cow-milking minigame is hypocrisy at its finest Bryan Clark 5 ISPs promise they aren’t going to sell your browsing history (anymore) Rachel Kaser @stephenrcovey Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News OptionsHouse vs. Merrill Edge for IRA Accounts Individual retirement accounts make saving easy — and tax-efficient! When you open an IRA, you’ll unlock the ability to save up to $5,500 per year ($6,500 for people 50 or older) and defer or completely avoid paying any taxes on the gains. But before you can get started stashing away some money, you’ll need to open an IRA account at a brokerage firm to start investing in everything from stocks to funds. Many people choose to self-direct their IRA and thus turn to an online discount broker like OptionsHouse or Merrill Edge to make their investments. Let’s look at how these two brokers compare for IRA accounts. Commissions on every trade There are middlemen for any kind of financial transaction, but of them, discount brokers clip some of the smallest fees. Online discount brokers offer the ability to make investments for flat fees of $8 or less. Here’s how commission structures for OptionsHouse and Merrill Edge work. Brokerage Stocks and ETFs Stock Options Mutual Funds OptionsHouse $4.95 per trade $4.95 + $0.50 per contract $20.00 per purchase Merrill Edge $6.95 per trade $6.95 + $0.75 per contract $19.95 per purchase Data sources: Company websites. As you can see, differences in prices are pretty small here, ranging from a nickel on mutual funds to a couple bucks on stocks and ETFs. Realistically, only a few dollars separates the vast majority of discount brokers on pricing, but there is more you should know. For one, the rate an investor pays can often be lower than the standard price. For instance, Merrill Edge rewards investors with up to 30 free trades for maintaining certain minimums in their brokerage account or in a Bank of America checking or savings account. It may be advantageous to take a careful look at special offers for IRA accounts , given many of the leading brokerages offer a perk just for signing up. Mutual funds, ETFs, and commission-free choices Believe it or not, mutual fund selection can vary tremendously from brokerage to brokerage, as some brokers choose which funds they carry. Occasionally, some brokers even allow their customers to buy a particular group of funds and ETFs without paying a commission. Brokerage Total Mutual Funds No-Load, No-Transaction-Fee Funds (NTF) Commission-Free ETFs OptionsHouse More than 12,100 None 5 (O’Shares) Merrill Edge More than 7,600 More than 2,300 None Data sources: Barron’s , company websites, and representatives. There is always some give and take here. Merrill Edge and OptionsHouse offer thousands of funds, but Merrill Edge has far more commission-free mutual funds (2,300-plus) than OptionsHouse has commission-free choices (5). Ultimately, though, what really matters is quality rather than quantity, as free funds that go unused serve no benefit. Minimum deposit requirement for IRAs Although client minimums are going the way of the dinosaur, some brokers require that investors make a certain minimum deposit in order to open an account. That said, OptionsHouse and Merrill Edge will let you start up an IRA with whatever you’d like to deposit. As no-minimum IRA brokers, neither turn down new clients over what they start with. Small amounts add up. Over the course of a working career, $25 per month can add up to more than $80,000 at an average return of 8% per year. Image source: Getty Images. Foreign stocks and ADRs You don’t need to learn a second language to invest overseas, but you may need to take your portfolio to a different broker. Most brokers, OptionsHouse and Merrill Edge included, only offer the ability to trade companies that have an American depositary receipt  (ADR) on a U.S. exchange. As a general rule, the largest foreign companies (think Credit Suisse large) have ADRs. Most smaller companies have tickers only on their home markets. If you want to trade more than just the world’s largest companies and have the ability to trade on international exchanges, you’ll need to shop from the few discount brokers  that offer international trading. Mobile app reviews Modern brokerages enable their clients to place trades from anywhere in the world through an app on their mobile phones and tablets. Here’s how each broker’s users and customers rated their mobile trading apps (as of March 15, 2017). Brokerage Apple App Store Google Play OptionsHouse 1.6 stars 3.1 stars Merrill Edge 2.5 stars 3.8 stars Data sources: Relevant app stores. OptionsHouse vs. Merrill Edge for an IRA While there may be a broker for everyone, there isn’t one broker for everyone. The point is that certain features cater to different kinds of investors. Merrill Edge may be better suited for existing Bank of America clients, or those who want more choices in no-transaction-fee mutual funds. OptionsHouse may win over some investors for the simple fact that its commission prices are generally lower, especially when it comes to options trades. Ultimately, it’s all about how a broker’s offerings align with your portfolio. To be clear, The Motley Fool does not endorse any particular brokerage, but we can help you find one that’s a good fit for you. Visit Fool.com’s IRA Center  to compare several leading discount brokers on one page. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of March 6, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Better Dividend Stock: HP Inc. or Lenovo Group Limited (ADR)? Next PostNext Smart Investors Are Already Buying These Stocks for Retirement Search Recent Posts Vorstandsvorsitzender von Bombardier gibt Erklärung ab, dass er Vergütungserhöhung für 2016 ablehnt Cardtek and Emcredit Introduce First National Mobile Wallet Solution, emPAY When A Colon Cleanse May be Right For You Construction Industry in Top 5 Emerging Markets Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 11.1% Over the period 2016 – 2021 Ovation Incentives CEO Named as New IMA Europe President Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News The Las Vegas Raiders Could Cost Casinos on the Strip Las Vegas is officially getting an NFL team. The Oakland Raiders’ move to Las Vegas was approved by NFL owners on Monday, and the relocation will take place after the 2017 season. In 2020, the new stadium across the interstate from the south end of the Las Vegas Strip will open, and hundreds of thousands of visitors each year will come to the stadium to watch football and other events. We don’t know for sure what the impact on Las Vegas’ casinos will be, but it might not be what you think. In fact, the stadium’s $750 million bill for the Las Vegas Strip and surrounding area are already impacting the gaming industry. Rendering of the Raiders’ new home near the Las Vegas Strip. Image source: Oakland Raiders. Las Vegas casinos are (indirectly) paying for the Raiders stadium The first effect, which has already hit Las Vegas Strip resorts, is the 0.88% room tax that went into effect on March 1. This money will be used to fund the $750 million public portion of the stadium financing. The impact may seem small, but that money is lost potential revenue for resorts in Las Vegas. We don’t know the direct impact, but a large chunk of the $750 million in taxes could theoretically have instead been spent at Las Vegas resorts. As a result of the tax, MGM Resorts (NYSE: MGM) , Caesars Entertainment (NASDAQ: CZR) , Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS) , and Wynn Resorts (NASDAQ: WYNN) customers will be the ones really funding a large portion of the $1.9 billion project. And it’s not clear that customers or gaming companies will get much of a return on that investment. The NFL’s impact on Las Vegas Resorts are looking for the NFL to bring more people to the city who will spend money on more than just football tickets. But the impact may not be very big. The 65,000-seat stadium will bring 520,000 people to home games each year — but the Raiders are hoping most of those people won’t be coming from out of town. And therein lies the tension of bringing the Raiders to Las Vegas. Las Vegas resorts are hoping the Raiders will bring in outside visitors who will stay in the Strip and gamble. The Raiders are hoping the Las Vegas locals will embrace the team and buy tickets themselves. Another challenge with translating the stadium into new gaming revenue is its location. It’s across the interstate from Luxor and Mandalay Bay, which are on the far south end of the Strip. Stadium-goers will need to either drive or take a long walk to get to the casinos; this isn’t like a fight at MGM where you walk out of the stadium and into a casino. It’ll take a lot of effort to turn football into new revenue for Strip casinos. Other stadiums have a bigger payoff The 520,000 people visiting the stadium for eight home games also pales in comparison to potential attendance at other types of stadiums already in Las Vegas.  An NHL team with a 20,000-seat stadium can have 820,000 visitors annually . And when the Las Vegas Golden Knights start playing at T-Mobile Arena behind New York-New York, that’s how many visitors it could see annually, plus the visitors to dozens of other concerts and events that will take place at the stadium. Even in Las Vegas, only a handful of events can attract 65,000 spectators to a stadium. Most of the time the stadium will be empty, and even when it’s full, there’s not likely to be a meaningful impact on the Strip. With every customer in Las Vegas hotels paying for the Raiders to come to town, it’s tough to see how the team will have a positive impact on Las Vegas resorts, and at worst the gaming industry may be giving up as much as $750 million in future revenue from the taxes to pay for the stadium. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of March 6, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. Travis Hoium owns shares of Wynn Resorts. The Motley Fool is short Caesars Entertainment. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Is Married Filing Separately Ever a Good Idea? Next PostNext Better Buy: Celgene Corporation vs. Amgen Inc. Search Recent Posts Vorstandsvorsitzender von Bombardier gibt Erklärung ab, dass er Vergütungserhöhung für 2016 ablehnt Cardtek and Emcredit Introduce First National Mobile Wallet Solution, emPAY When A Colon Cleanse May be Right For You Construction Industry in Top 5 Emerging Markets Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 11.1% Over the period 2016 – 2021 Ovation Incentives CEO Named as New IMA Europe President Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Time Machine Gazette Store Fact Checker Flood 2016 Online Games Special Events Special Sections Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Iowa Football Data Center Meet the Team On Iowa Marc Morehouse I've covered Iowa football at The Gazette since 1999 Wednesday March 29, 2017 A first for Josey Jewell at Kinnick Stadium IOWA CITY - When Josey Jewell steps foot on the Kinnick Stadium turf next f... more Marc Morehouse stories The Hlog Mike Hlas Columnist giving commentary and information about sports in Iowa. Thursday March 30, 2017 Peter Jok, Naz Mitrou-Long in shootout tonight Two of the most-prolific shooters in our state's college basketball history... more Mike Hlas stories On The Mats K. J. Pilcher Saturday April 01, 2017 Korry Howell makes immediate impact for Kirkwood CEDAR RAPIDS - Todd Rima knew he landed a special player when Korry Howell ... more On The Mats stories Cyclone Country Dylan Montz Covering Iowa State and central Iowa for Eastern Iowa Tuesday March 28, 2017 Iowa State's Deshaunte Jones 'perfecting his craft' AMES - It was 9 p.m. on a Friday night when Iowa State wide receivers coach... more Cyclone Country stories Diamonds & Ice Jeff Johnson Kernels baseball, RoughRiders hockey and a lot of things in between. Sunday April 02, 2017 “Bobby! Bobby!”: Former fan favorite Bobby Goepfert returns to C.R. for HOF induction CEDAR RAPIDS - Shaking his head, Bobby Goepfert summed up Saturday night th... more Diamonds & Ice stories Preps Etc. Jeff Linder I cover high school sports and Iowa women's basketball. Saturday April 01, 2017 Payton Wensel crushes her hurdling debut CEDAR RAPIDS - The Great Experiment was a smashing success.Surprised? You o... more Preps Etc. stories The Inside Track Jeremiah Davis Your source for all things auto racing in Eastern Iowa. Friday March 31, 2017 Drivers to Watch 2017: Luke Goedert Editor's note: This is the third in a three-part series highlighting Easter... more Inside Track stories Community Corner JR Ogden Sharing community and high school contributed stories Friday March 31, 2017 Maquoketa Valley wrestlers earn All-American honors DELHI - While some students were getting some extra sleep, working a few ex... more Community Corner stories Douglas Miles Wednesday March 29, 2017 Boys’ tennis 2017: Teams, players to watch Here are The Gazette-area teams and players to watch during the 2017 boys' tennis season. Teams to watch: Cedar Rapids Washington - The second-ranked Warriors return five of their top-six players from ... » Next » more of Miles's stories Morehouse Hlas Pilcher Montz Johnson Linder Davis Ogden Miles Tweets by @CRGazetteSports Most Popular Most Recent Photo from 2006 in Cedar Rapids leads to worldwide recognition of new cloud Special Olympics Iowa hosts Spring Games in Cedar Rapids Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Katie Hallman starts as TCR’s new executive director, aims for sustained growth “Bobby! Bobby!”: Former fan favorite Bobby Goepfert returns to C.R. for HOF induction Korry Howell makes immediate impact for Kirkwood Iowa State football building depth through spring scrimmages Alcohol ban still likely for Lake Macbride beach this summer Left in ruins, A fascination with abandoned places turns into graphic memoir for UI grad Video: Jarrod Uthoff scores first career NBA points Video Photo Video By Gazette staff Mar 29, 2017 at 8:32 pm | Print View March 29, 2017 will be a day to remember for Jarrod Uthoff. Hours after signing a multi-year contract with the Dallas Mavericks that’s guaranteed for at least the rest of this season, Uthoff scored his first career NBA points against the New Orleans Pelicans. The former University of Iowa forward backed down Jrue Holiday, turned to the baseline and misfired on a layup, but grabbed the offensive board, pump-faked and laid it in over All-Star DeMarcus Cousins. Uthoff, a Cedar Rapids Jefferson graduate who is the first former Metro prep to play in an NBA regular-season game, went undrafted after earning third-team All-American honors last season at Iowa. He played in the NBA D-League with Raptors 905 and Fort Wayne before signing two 10-day contracts with Dallas, the last of which expired Wednesday and led to a longer deal. Here’s Uthoff meeting with the media pregame: WATCH: Mavs rookie Jarrod Uthoff talks about signing a multi-year deal with Dallas from morning shoot around in New Orleans. pic.twitter.com/iBbDEs4qSp — Dallas Mavericks (@dallasmavs) March 29, 2017 Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next articles Colombia landslide kills 154 on city out ... Promoting, explaining and defending free ... 10th annual Out Loud! Author Series to b ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,443 Reviews & Articles | 54,681 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Deals Hardware deals: knock $30 off Ryzen 7 CPUs This week's hardware deals includes AMD's Ryzen 7 1700 for $300, GeForce GTX 1070 at $350 By: TweakTown Dealzon | Deals News | Posted: 14 hours, 36 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Hardware enthusiasts planning your next build or looking to do some extensive upgrades will face more buying decision this week, as AMD's Ryzen 7 is even more price attractive thanks to a new deal at Jet.com. While we can't resolve the Intel vs AMD dilemma for you, we can point you to some pretty decent CPU deals this week on both the Ryzen 7 CPUs and Intel Kaby Lake processors.     At Jet.com, you can now apply a $30 off coupon for some decent price drops on AMD's newly minted processors. This code is now valid on both the Ryzen 7 1700 and the Ryzen 7 1700X, both of which were added to Jet's store catalog earlier this month and knocks the price down to $300 and $367. Accompanying AMD's offering are also some deals on Intel's Kaby Lake in the form of a Core i7-7700K and the Core i5-7600K, both of which are now priced at about $318 and $205 after coupon. The coupon code is good for your first three purchases at Jet and seems to have been extended for the foreseeable future. (Previously was set to expire April 1st, later tonight).   Top Weekend Hardware Deals   Ryzen 7 Deals   Use coupon: TRIPLE15   AMD Ryzen 7 1700 8-Core 3.0GHz (3.7GHz Turbo) CPU - $299.99 (list $330) AMD Ryzen 7 1700X 8-Core 3.4GHz (3.8GHz Turbo) CPU - $367.65 (list $398)   Intel Processor Deals   Use coupon: TRIPLE15   Intel Core i7-7700K 4.20GHz CPU (Kaby Lake) - $315.99 (list $350) Intel Core i7-6700K 4.00GHz CPU (Skylake) - $278.98 (list $350) Intel Core i5-7600K 3.8Ghz CPU (Kaby Lake) - $205 (list $240) Intel Core i5-6600K 3.5Ghz CPU (Skylake) - $189.99 (list $300)   Video Card Deals   EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 SC Gaming Graphics Card + Free Game - $519.99 (list $650) MSI GeForce GTX 1080 DirectX 12 Video Card - $479.99 (list $620) PNY GeForce GTX 1070 Founders Edition Graphic Card - $387.99 (list $449) EVGA GeForce GTX 1070 SC Gaming 8GB Video Card - $357.98 (list $430) Zotac GeForce GTX 1070 Founders Edition Graphic Card - $349.99 (list $449)   Monitor Deals   Samsung C27FG70) 27-inch 1ms Curved Gaming Monitor - $348 (list $449) Dell S2817QR 28-inch 4K Ultra HD Monitor - $299.99 (list $600) ASUS VG248QE 24-nch 1080p 144Hz 1ms 3D Gaming Monitor - $204.99 (list $279) Acer H236HLbid 23-inch IPS LED Monitor - $99.99 (list $150)   In our list of hardware deals above, the most noteworthy deals, of course, are the new Ryzen 7 from AMD. The better value of the two is of course the 1700 when overclocked . This is the first coupon code we've seen that works on the Ryzen 7, specifically the 1700.   Other deals noteworthy (in their pricing anyways) includes last year's Core i5-6600K hitting a brand new low, cracking the $200 price point and now at only $189.99. Newegg is also offering a GTX 1080 at under the $500 price mark, while you can scoop up a GTX 1070 for as low as $350 at Jet. Note that for the Walmart-owned online retailer, you can also tap into a bit more savings if you choose to opt-out of free return or utilize a debit card - but it is in our opinion that the savings are minimal and aren't exactly worth it, particularly for pricey hardware components like these. Knock on wood and all that if you receive a component dead-on-arrival.   Note: If anything above is expired, let us know in the comments and we'll strike 'em out. Deals are mostly for North America consumers, particularly those in the USA. Recommended for You HP's 'Power Laptop' deal is $650, fully gaming capable... No Man's Sky is 40% off on Steam this weekend PC game release deals: Shadow Tactics + Arizona Sunshine... Blizzard adds Reaper to the ranks of collectible statues... >> NEXT STORY: HTC Vive partners with WB for Ready Player One << PREVIOUS STORY: Android co-founder teases his upcoming smartphone Related Tags Intel amd Acer ASUS Dell EVGA MSI PNY Samsung Walmart Newegg deals pc_hardware Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts ASUS teases its new ROG Poseidon GTX 1080 Ti GTX 1080 Ti powered gaming laptops are coming soon AMD Ryzen 5 1400 teases 4C/8T gaming performance New Metroid: Dark Star FPS coming to Nintendo Switch Hardware deals: knock $30 off Ryzen 7 CPUsView More News Posts Forum Activity F21 Bios just got a z270 k6 mobo and was wondering if its worth going to 1.30 bios NZXT Kraken X62 Liquid CPU Cooler Review Does any Gigabyte Z270 motherboard has proper IOMMU and ACS for PCIe Passthrough for GPU? Thecus® Wizard now available on all mobile devicesView More Forum Posts Press Releases CD PROJEKT summarizes its 2016 financial results Destiny 2 announced: blockbuster sequel to the biggest new console video game franchise launch of all time set for September 8 MSI announces frosty limited edition Trident 3 Arctic gaming PC ADATA adds the i-Memory AI920 jet black flash drive FinalWire releases AIDA64 Extreme 5.90 benchmark softwareView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
AEI Scholars Policy Areas Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Health Care Education Politics and Public Opinion Poverty Studies Society and Culture Events Research Blog Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Politics and Public Opinion Education Society and Culture Carpe Diem Pethokoukis TechPolicyDaily.com Commentary Subscribe My AEI Press Careers Internships For Students About About Leadership Annual Report Contact Directions Related Sites Donate Donate Now Individuals Corporations Foundations Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin YouTube Instagram Feed Subscribe to AEIdeas A public policy blog from AEI Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Politics and Public Opinion Education Society and Culture Carpe Diem Pethokoukis TechPolicyDaily.com Mark J. Perry @Mark_J_Perry March 30, 2017 3:09 pm | AEIdeas About the author Mark J. Perry @Mark_J_Perry Mark J. Perry is concurrently a scholar at AEI and a professor of economics and finance at the University of Michigan's Flint campus. He is best known as the creator and editor of the popular economics blog Carpe Diem. At AEI, Perry writes about economic and financial issues for American.com and the AEIdeas blog.   Mark Perry Tweets Tweets by Mark_J_Perry What’s New on AEI Risks to the returns to medical innovation: The case of Myriad Genetics Thanks to technology, our circumstances are much more equal today than conventional income measures would suggest Trump, Trumpism, and the Conservatives’ challenge Schumer’s filibuster of Neil Gorsuch is ill-advised for the Democratic Party More options: Share, Mark as favorite Creative destruction: Thousands of traditional retailers close as consumers switch to online retailers like Amazon View related content: Carpe Diem Traditional retailers have been struggling in the 21st century, and there’s been a steady stream of news highlighting those struggles. For example, J.C. Penney is closing 140 stores this spring, GameStop is closing up to 190 stores, Sears Holding will be closing 150 stores this spring including 108 Kmart and 42 Sears locations in 40 states, electronics and appliance retailer H.H. Gregg has filed for bankruptcy and is closing 88 stores and three distribution centers in 15 states, Macy’s is closing 68 stores, MC Sports is closing 68 stores, Gander Mountain is closing 32 stores, RadioShack is closing 187 stores, and Payless Shoes may file for bankruptcy and close up to 500 stores. And the list goes on…. Based on just the partial list above, store closings for that group of retailers totals to more than 1,400! That retail bloodbath has led some to pose questions like “Is 2017 the death of retail as we know it?” and “With major retailers closing, could this be the end of malls?” Q: What is the major force behind the retail store closings even as retail sales keep increasing to all-time high levels — reaching a record high of almost $5.5 trillion last year? A shift by consumers from shopping at brick-and-mortar stores to increasingly making their retail purchases online, for greater selection and convenience, and lower prices. The chart above shows that trend graphically. From less than 1% of total retail sales in 2000, online sales accounted for more than 8% of retail sales last year (see light blue bars in the chart), and a new quarterly record high of 9.5% of sales in the fourth quarter of 2016. Measured in dollars, e-commerce retail sales have increased by more than 14 times since the Census Bureau started tracking those figures, from only $27.4 billion in 2000 to nearly $400 billion last year (see dark blue line above). And the dominant leader in online retail sales is clearly Amazon, which captured an impressive 43% of all online retail sales last year (up from 33% in 2015 and 25% the previous year) and accounted for an amazing 53% of the growth in US e-commerce sales in 2016, according to this Business Insider report. Amazon increased its share of the US online retail market by 10% in 2016, “an incredible accomplishment given that it already controlled such a sizeable chunk of the space,” commented Business Insider. Here’s more from Business Insider (my emphasis): Amazon’s success has also been fueled by high customer loyalty and brand awareness. The Amazon Prime subscription service continues to grow: One study released last September found that 20% of all US consumers are Prime members. Amazon’s growth in 2016 was driven by sales in the electronics, home, and apparel categories. Electronics contributed to an estimated 18% of the company’s sales growth in 2016, as the number of US households that own an Amazon Echo device more than doubled from 2015. The next biggest contributors were the home and kitchen category (15%), apparel and accessories (12%), food (11%), and health and beauty (10%), illustrating that Amazon is seeing significant growth in consumer packaged goods (CPGs). The company’s recent expansion of its Dash Buttons to its online site and mobile app should help fuel further growth in these categories. And here’s the key takeaway from Business Insider: E-commerce will truly become the future of retail, as nearly all of the growth in the retail sector now takes place in the digital space. And that means we will continue to see more creative destruction in the retail sector from Hurricane Joseph Schumpeter as brick-and-mortar retailers continue to close, probably along with many of the malls where those retailers were once located. When an Amazon Prime membership now offers you 2-hour, same day or next day free delivery for millions of items at extremely competitive prices, the combination of selection, price, and convenience from Amazon makes it irresistibly attractive to most of us consumers, and we get addicted to it like “retail crack cocaine”! Additionally, an Amazon Prime membership for $99 per year now offers not just free unlimited delivery, but also includes Prime Music (for streaming two million songs) and Amazon Video (for streaming movies and TV shows), so you can see why 20% of consumers are now Prime members. And you can understand why millions of consumers are shopping online through Amazon instead of patronizing traditional retailers. Q: How is Amazon’s dominance as the top online retailer and the top creator of retail consumer value being reflected in the stock market? The graphic below (thanks to Olivier Ballou for his help) displays a visual comparison of Amazon’s market capitalization earlier this week ($405 billion on Monday, it’s since increased to $417.4 billion as of early this afternoon) compared to the combined valuation of five of the top traditional retailers: Walmart ($214 billion, just a little more than half of Amazon’s value), Target ($29.5 billion), Costco ($73 billion), CVS ($80.5 billion) and Best Buy ($14.3 billion). Combined, the total market capitalization of those five retailers is $411 billion, just slightly more than the value of Amazon by itself. (The current market valuations of some of the companies mentioned above that are publicly traded are: J.C. Penney ($2 billion), Macy’s ($9 billion), Sears Holding ($1.2 billion) and GameStop ($2.3 billion)). Bottom Line: Although there are certainly other financial measures that could be considered (sales, enterprise value, return on equity, etc.), it’s clearly the case that the significant value Amazon is creating for its millions of customers is being reflected in its stock price (average annual appreciation of 35.1% over the last five years, 30.5% average return over the last 10 years) and huge market capitalization of more than $400 billion. Amazon Creative destruction E-commerce Retail Discussion: (40 comments) AARGH63 March 30th, 2017 Amazon is the digital version of the Sears catalog circa 1900. Reply Share Jon Murphy March 30th, 2017 What’s amazing to me is that, what these data show is Amazon has beaten Wal-Mart at their own game. Wal-Mart revolutionized retail through logistics. They mastered the art of getting stuff where it needs to go quickly and cheaply. I remember reading something (and I can’t remember who wrote it) that reasonably predicted that, once Wal-Mart entered the online market, Amazon would be overrun. Wal-Mart had mastered logistics. They had the infrastructure in place. How could they go wrong? But Amazon beat them. They’ve managed to revolutionize logistics; they outperformed Wal-Mart at the game Wal-Mart invented. No giant is safe, no matter how big. That is the glory of the free market. Reply Share Mark Perry March 30th, 2017 Thanks Jon, I couldn’t have said it better myself! Reply Share hitssquad March 31st, 2017 Amazon is an ant compared to Wal-Mart: 2012-2014 combined profit: Amazon: $0 billion Wal-Mart: $49 billion 2012-2014 combined revenue: Amazon: $0.23 trillion Wal-Mart: $1.4 trillion Reply Share Scott March 31st, 2017 I agree, Amazon is an ant IF you ignore market capitalization. For instance, if you change the scale that came with this article from that shown to 0 to 100%, online sales would barely be perceptible. Of course you could change it to “log10” and really mess with the readers! Reply Share Jon Murphy March 31st, 2017 And yet, who dominates the online market? Amazon! An arena that relies almost exclusively on logistics this relative newcomer has fought the giant and won. And it’s not for lack of trying on Wal-Mart’s part. Reply Share Mark Perry March 31st, 2017 In terms of stock price, it’s Walmart that’s the ant compared to Amazon. Over the last 5 years, Amazon is up 352% vs. 17.50% for Walmart (that’s 20-to-1 ratio). See this. Reply Share Jon Murphy March 31st, 2017 And that’s starting from a similar base, too! Reply Share Frank Condon March 31st, 2017 I agree with Hitsquad. This is part of the Uber phenomenon written about in analysis of Uber’s financials. Their market cap is funded by investors ever willing to pay higher prices for the stock. As a business model apart from market cap, Amazon and Uber have yet to prove viability based on profitability. Ultimately, based on their current business models, both companies require investor capital to subsidize losses in most of their transactions. Through massive operating losses, Uber subsidizes each ride to the tune of $16. Amazon is doing the same for most transactions, if they have little to no profits on revenues. The only question is, when does the musical chair get pulled. Reply Share Greg March 31st, 2017 Of course, Amazon needs to turn all of its e-commerce activity into profits or its market capitalization will fall quickly. My guess (I have not analyzed the financial statements of either Walmart of Amazon) is that Amazon is investing lots of money building its infrastructure as it is a growth company. Walmart, on the other hand, is a mature company in a mature industry, and is investing much less time and effort on e-commerce. Walmart’s focus is on profitability and, though it will take some risk in developing new infrastructure and technology, executive management’s goals are to make profits this year. Amazon can make huge investments in infrastructure and technology with PROMISES of future profitability, and that is okay with its shareholders. A lot of times executive management is limited in what it can do because of where the company is in the business cycle and current expectations of shareholder. Reply Share Greg April 1st, 2017 “[Amazon] is horrifically overvalued and is absolutely appalling as an investment on any sort of return metric.” That is pretty typical of growth companies and the primary reason why its market capitalization is so high relative to where its free cash flow is at them is point. Sufficient investors believe that Amazon’s growth in revenue, profits, and cash flow will continue to growth for the foreseeable future and it will eventually become dominant in the retail industry. It is a risk that investors are willing to take. I do not think it is horribly overvalued, but it is a much riskier stock than Walmart at this point in time. Reply Share morganovich March 31st, 2017 hit- those seem like odd dates and metrics to use. amazon is notoriously good at avoiding GAAP profits to duck taxes. however, they throw off a great deal of cash flow from operations. 2016: 16.4bn 2015: 11.9bn 2014: 6.8bn 2013: 5.4bn that’s quite an impressive growth rate in cash flow. compare that to WMT: 2016: 31.5bn 2015: 27.4 2014: 28.6 2013: 22.3 amazon currently has slightly more than half the CFFO of WMT. but they are also growing that number much, much faster. so, calling them an “ant” in terms of profit seems pretty far off base. don’t get me wrong, the company is horrifically overvalued and is absolutely appalling as an investment on any sort of return metric. yield on CFFO/MC = 3.9% levered free cash flow yield is a paltry 2.6%. it appears massively overpriced compared to other retailers, but, on the other hand, also seems far better run and is growing 27% on the topline vs an industry avg of more like 3 or 4. Reply Share Citizen Buddy March 31st, 2017 Is Amazon still classified as a retailer, if its Amazon Web Services is generating most of the profits? Many corporations would have had to spin out a division that makes most of the cash, or keep it and sell the lesser units. But investors are betting on Jeff Bezos allocating generated cash to new endeavors that might be the next big cash machines. Reply Share hitssquad March 31st, 2017 @morganovich > those seem like odd dates and metrics to use. That’s because I cherry-picked them for dramatic effect! Thanks for the more-objective and more-sophisticated data and insight you provided in your post. Reply Share Cesar March 31st, 2017 Beautifully written. It gave me chills! Reply Share ramiyer April 1st, 2017 How about sending every job including lawyers and office staff to lower nations. That will help us. Goal should be 100% outsourcing of all jobs from CEO to everyone down. Remember, Asian CEOs are far far better. Hence, everything should be outsourced. Close all Universities. All education 100% should be online. with teachers from China and India. they can do the job. What we need is simply learn A to Z and numbers. that way we can read the label. Reply Share Brotio March 30th, 2017 In Pueblo, CO, the wound is largely self-inflicted. Often as not, when I have needed to buy something here, I will be told that they don’t have it in stock, but they can order it. I can do THAT with Amazon. Reply Share Greg March 30th, 2017 The world continues to change. Isn’t anyone going to argue that Amazon engages in unfair competition and advocate for tariffs on Amazon and subsidies and protectionist legislation to say all those retail jobs? Reply Share marque2 March 31st, 2017 Amazon takes advantage of what it can. Just like any big company. There are definitely some things that I would consider unethical, though not illegal. Reply Share Ron H. March 31st, 2017 Like what? Reply Share lyle March 31st, 2017 Note that as of tommorrow Amazon will be charging sales tax in every state so the advantage of not charging sales tax has gone way. (Note that third party merchants on the Amazon web site still might not charge sales tax) Reply Share Citizen Buddy March 30th, 2017 “traditional retailers close as consumers switch to online retailers like Amazon” It was with great irony that we went shopping at one of the busiest stores in Seattle’s University Village last weekend. I paid for books and magazines with my Amazon smart phone app at… the Amazon brick and mortar store bookstore. The other busiest stores were the Apple Store and Microsoft Store at U Village. It’s almost as if a strong on-line dominance authenticates the brick and mortar retail experience, if the eco-system is seamless and complimentary. Reply Share Amazed March 31st, 2017 Sears. Penneys, Kohls and the like have no one to blame but themselves. Recently, a trip to Sears left me waiting third in line at the cashiers with 2 items for 20 minutes while they all went through their spiels of credit offers, discount card offers, rewards programs, etc. Amazon just sends me my stuff. Reply Share Ron H. March 31st, 2017 Amazed “Amazon just sends me my stuff.” Good point. 🙂 Reply Share Warren Platts March 31st, 2017 Here’s a related article on the effect of the Amazon Walmart price war on their US suppliers you guys might like: https://www.recode.net/2017/3/30/14831602/amazon-walmart-cpg-grocery-price-war My own take is that the rise of Amazon and Walmart is a mixed blessing. For workers, to the extent that their wages are below the “natural” wage for Americans, it will be a big help. But the price pressure will force suppliers to try to maintain profits by cutting wages and outsourcing jobs. So any gains for workers are likely to be temporary. Both Mark’s article and the one linked to above are describing a blatant attempt by both Walmart and Amazon to exercise monopsonist power over wholesale prices in order to steal market share (it’s stealing because monopsony is an unfair business practice), and thus gain the ability to exercise monopoly control over retail prices. That’s grounds for breaking up both companies on anti-trust grounds. They should both be split into about 10 different units each IMHO. Where’s Teddy Roosevelt when you need him! Reply Share Jon Murphy March 31st, 2017 But the price pressure will force suppliers to try to maintain profits by cutting wages and outsourcing jobs. Or, more likely, innovate. Both Mark’s article and the one linked to above are describing a blatant attempt by both Walmart and Amazon to exercise monopsonist power over wholesale prices in order to steal market share (it’s stealing because monopsony is an unfair business practice), and thus gain the ability to exercise monopoly control over retail prices. They can’t be monoposists and: 1) face pricing pressure (as you said in your first sentence) and 2) be fighting for market share. These are contradictions in terms. Reply Share Warren Platts March 31st, 2017 OK Smartypants, Amazon and Walmart together form a duopsony! lol! Thanks for the correction! ‘ But the principle is the same. The monopsonist uses its market power to armtwist suppliers into accepting lower prices. Right? Meanwhile, the would-be monopolist wants to capture market share through predatory prices at very little profit or even at a loss. Amazon and Walmart are guilty of both practices. It’s a beautiful thing: if their strategy proves successful, they get low wholesale prices, and high retail prices. Buy low, sell high. How is that a contradiction? Reply Share Ron H. March 31st, 2017 “ if their strategy proves successful, they get low wholesale prices, and high retail prices.” It has never worked that way, and probably never will work that way. Especially not in retail. Reply Share Jon Murphy March 31st, 2017 OK Smartypants, Amazon and Walmart together form a duopsony! Except they don’t. Reply Share Jon Murphy March 31st, 2017 Meanwhile, the would-be monopolist wants to capture market share through predatory prices at very little profit or even at a loss. Predatory pricing is a fool’s errand. It cannot be accomplished. Reply Share Greg April 1st, 2017 “OK Smartypants . . .” Warren, how old are you? Reply Share Jon Murphy April 1st, 2017 If Wal-Mart is attempting predatory pricing, then when are they going to start raising prices? According to you, they’ve been making sub-standard profits for 55 years. When are the price hikes coming? Same with Amazon. When are they going to take advantage of their “duopolist” position and raise prices to extra-normal levels? Is 23 years not long enough? Reply Share Warren Platts March 31st, 2017 Regarding the anti-trust angle, on second thought, maybe the duopsony-duopoly could be made into a good thing for America–if a judicious tariff (say 20%) was levied on imported products sold through Amazon and Walmart. The fact that Amazon and Walmart have duopoly control over the globe’s biggest consumer market givens the US enormous monopsonist leverage over the terms of trade (TOT). With A&W squeezing suppliers all over the world combined with a tariff squeezing ROW suppliers, foreign producers would really have to eat a lot of profits and cut their own wages and offshore their own jobs if they wanted to maintain market share at all. Thus, foreign suppliers would really have to lower their prices maybe to the point where the entire deadweight loss is offset. Yes, there would be a consumer loss, but, meanwhile, there would be an increase in profits of US suppliers, while reducing the tendency to cut wages and offshore jobs, thus benefiting US workers. This leverage would be reduced if A&W were split up. Reply Share Ron H. March 31st, 2017 Warren You are hallucinating again. You will do anything in your power to make me pay more for things, won’t you. I’m glad you are powerless to take any of the actions you recommend. Reply Share Jon Murphy March 31st, 2017 Except we’ve already proven multiple times that your “solution” is mathematically impossible. Besides, Amazon and Wal-Mart do not have duopoly power. Reply Share Greg April 1st, 2017 “Where’s Teddy Roosevelt when you need him!” Thankfully that particularly meddlesome bigger government guy is long dead. Reply Share wally April 1st, 2017 I prefer the term ‘creative disruption.’ ‘Creative destruction’ sounds like a bad thing. Reply Share Jon Hohn April 1st, 2017 Great piece Mark and truly eye opening. I enjoy reading your blog. Cheers from a former student. Reply Share Mark Perry April 1st, 2017 Thanks Jon! Reply Share lyle April 1st, 2017 One other thing Amazon has done is somewhat eliminated the gap between what you can get in a small town and in a big city. It is just repeating what Sears and Montgomery Ward did 110 years ago in driving a lot of general stores out of business. By providing bigger selection at lower cost. Indeed for a while Sears was selling pre-cut homes. Actually the whole internet e-commerce business allows a seller of niche products to go nationwide at a reasonable cost. (Perhaps even to the extent of using Amazon as their catalog). So folks outside the mega cities now have the choices that only folks in Mega-Cities used to have. Reply Share Leave a comment: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website AEI 1789 Massachusetts Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20036 © 2017 American Enterprise Institute Close Sort By: Most Recent Relevance Most Recent Least Recent Refine Content: Hot Topics Poverty Studies (176) Marilyn Ware Center For Security Studies (253) Global Internet Strategy (GIS) Project (181) 2016 Presidential Election (1212) Policy Area Economics (17927) Aging (647) Economic Fluctuations and Growth (38) Environmental and Energy Economics (1720) Financial Services (1808) Housing Finance (406) International Economics (1311) Labor Studies (199) Monetary Economics (612) Political Economy (61) Public Economics (2733) Technology and Innovation (840) Education (2758) Economics of Education (30) Higher Education (388) K-12 Schooling (650) Leadership and Innovation (138) Foreign and Defense Policy (15166) Africa (179) Asia (2124) Defense (987) Economic Development (20) Europe and Eurasia (1788) India/Afghanistan/Pakistan (520) Intelligence (80) Latin America (790) Middle East (3607) Terrorism (621) Health Care (4147) Economics Aging (73) Health Economics (102) Politics and Public Opinion (9168) Campaign Finance/Reform (21) Constitution (145) Courts (196) Criminal Justice (3) Elections (2759) Executive Branch (219) Legislature (494) Polls (676) Poverty Studies (1010) Society and Culture (6222) Citizenship (505) Civil Rights (42) Free Enterprise (286) Immigration (102) Race and Gender (307) Religion (473) Scholar mmeyers (2) Grant Addison (1) Joseph Antos (423) Leon Aron (451) Michael Auslin (864) Claude Barfield (496) Michael Barone (1320) Robert J. Barro (7) Roger Bate (853) Eric J. Belasco (4) Richard Bennett (30) Andrew G. Biggs (824) Edward Blum (85) Dan Blumenthal (357) Babette Boliek (2) John R. Bolton (889) Andrew Bowen (17) Karlyn Bowman (2385) Alex Brill (261) Arthur C. Brooks (679) James C. Capretta (328) Timothy P. Carney (445) Walton Chaney (1) Lynne V. Cheney (55) Edward Conard (70) Kevin C. Corinth (49) Maura Corrigan (12) Sarah Crain (1) Mike Daniels (6) Jewel Dauletalina (3) Jason D. Delisle (30) Sadanand Dhume (374) Robert Doar (140) Thomas Donnelly (688) Mackenzie Eaglen (289) Nicholas Eberstadt (540) Jeffrey Eisenach (117) Flavio Felice (85) R. Richard Geddes (70) James K. Glassman (465) Joe Glauber (1) Jonah Goldberg (905) Barry K. Goodwin (6) Scott Gottlieb (603) Phil Gramm (25) Mary Habeck (5) Kevin A. Hassett (1038) Robert B. Helms (128) Frederick M. Hess (1020) R. Glenn Hubbard (155) William Inglee (4) Benedic N. Ippolito (13) Matt Jensen (14) Matthew H. Jensen (32) Frederick W. Kagan (424) Leon R. Kass (91) Andrew P. Kelly (290) Paul H. Kupiec (99) Jon Kyl (35) Desmond Lachman (1182) Roslyn Layton (57) Adam Lerrick (56) Phillip Lohaus (62) Kirsten D. Madison (4) Nat Malkus (83) Aparna Mathur (316) Matt A. Mayer (105) Michael Mazza (248) Rachel M. McCleary (2) J. Matthew McInnis (158) Michael Q. McShane (230) Lawrence M. Mead (17) Bruce D. Meyer (1) Thomas P. Miller (434) John W. Miller (3) Charles Murray (339) Roger F. Noriega (534) Stephen D. Oliner (109) Ed Olsen (1) Norman J. Ornstein (1004) Anthony Paranzino (1) OBallou (31) Mark J. Perry (13381) James Pethokoukis (4383) Tomas J. Philipson (44) Edward J. Pinto (320) Danielle Pletka (1030) Ramesh Ponnuru (463) Ariel Rabkin (17) Angela Rachidi (127) Vincent R. Reinhart (135) Gerard Robinson (130) Dalibor Rohac (128) Michael Rubin (1544) Sally Satel (431) Gary J. Schmitt (635) Mark Schneider (70) David Schoenbrod (25) Derek Scissors (230) Sita Nataraj Slavov (60) Andy Smarick (40) Vincent H. Smith (114) Christina Hoff Sommers (244) Katharine B. Stevens (65) Thomas Peter Stossel (33) Michael R. Strain (259) Ryan Streeter (5) Phillip Swagel (95) Bret Swanson (33) Jim Talent (62) Shane Tews (41) Marc A. Thiessen (1378) Stan Veuger (301) Alan D. Viard (332) Peter J. Wallison (965) W. Bradford Wilcox (104) Wendell L. Willkie II (3) Paul Wolfowitz (180) John Yoo (329) Roger I. Zakheim (35) Madeline Zavodny (24) Weifeng Zhong (22) Katherine Zimmerman (168) Joel M. Zinberg (59) Benjamin Zycher (169) Type Commentary (54454) American Essays (2968) Article (24415) Blog (27071) Event (3130) Multimedia (2504) Banter (165) Datapoint (1024) Events Podcast (46) Infographics (94) Podcast (967) Video (208) Press (3834) Interview (105) Media Appearances (2505) Releases (1224) Research (5525) Book (1440) Journal Publication (114) One Pager (20) Reports (2011) Speech / Testimony (1317) Working Paper (623) Special Feature (116) Date In the last week (103) In the last month (433) In the last year (4909) Earlier (64909) Custom Date Range - Refine Results Additional Keywords: Refine Results Login or Register to save searches. Open Refine Content
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Amazon Launched Social Media Influencer Program Amazon Launched Social Media Influencer Program Home » Technology News » Amazon Launched Social Media Influencer Program Posted By Jane Danes on Apr 1, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Source: https://pixabay.com/en/shop-amazon-mobile-phone-smartphone-1908580/ Amazon is now seeking the help of some social media celebrities. To participate in its social media influencer program, the influencers should have huge followings. TechCrunch first reported this social media influencer program. Currently, it’s in the beta testing stage. It’s an exclusive version of its affiliating marketing service, which allows you to earn a certain sales profit by simply posting product links on your blog or website. But the social media influencer program is limited to certain people. Amazon will decide whether or not you have enough follower counts. You also need to have sufficient posts with quality and audience interactions. Unfortunately, no one knows for now whether the commission is better than its ordinary affiliates. Amazon has no comment on this matter. “The Amazon Influencer Program is exclusively designed for social media influencers with large followings and a high frequency of posts with shoppable content. An intuitive vanity URL makes it easy for customers to find, browse and buy the products introduced to them through social media influencers. The program allows influencers to earn fees for purchases they drive through their social media platforms.” If you wish to be part of the program, you’ll have to list the URLs of your social media accounts. Then, verify your email address in your Amazon account. Once done, you’ll have to wait for a response. Currently, Amazon has a high level of demand. On the other hand, if you want to be part of this program but you’re not a social media influencer, then you couldn’t be part of it. This program is restricted to social media influencers with large followings. You may have a huge list of followers. But that doesn’t mean you’re automatically qualified. Amazon’s review team will look into various factors to approve your application. This social media influencer program aims to give audience personalized advertising for Amazon. Because these influencers are rewarded in commission, it avoids the FTC-mandated promotional disclosures. Currently, there’s a small group of influencers who signed in. But the company is testing the waters to know whether to move forward with it. Amazon Reviews: Fake or Not Some of the reviews on Amazon are fake. For all we know, they’re written by someone who’s insane or dead. But some of us are trusting their advice on what we must buy and what we mustn’t. The launch of this program comes at an interesting time for the company as it prepares to compete with Jet. On Wednesday, Amazon announced that it’s closing Quidsi, which it bought for $545 million in 2010. Influencing the decision to close Quidsi is the fact that the founder, Marc Lore, is also jet.com’s founder. Currently, Lore runs the e-commerce operations for Walmart. Jet became a real competitor to Amazon. As a result, the two companies are now involved in a price war. Each side attempts to undercut the other by offering consumers with better deals. Although Amazon is a leader in e-commerce, it’s facing real competition. The social media influencers program may not lead to lower prices, but it aims to attract users back to the site. Since influencers are trusted sources for advice, their reviews should mean more than other random reviews. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Jane Danes Jane has a lifelong passion for writing. As a blogger, she loves writing breaking technology news and top headlines about gadgets, content marketing and online entrepreneurship and all things about social media. She also has a slight addiction to pizza and coffee. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Twitter dumps its default egg avatar Mar 31, 2017 Facebook Fundraising Tools to Raise Money for Yourself and Others Mar 30, 2017 Twitter relaxes rule on 140-character limit in replies Mar 30, 2017 Facebook Messenger Live Location Is Now Available Mar 28, 2017 Facebook’s “Town Hall” is a new feature for contacting government officials Mar 27, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Central Texas sees expansion in On-Demand Economy with addition - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports Sports WebXtra: Grapeland takes down Tenaha for a State tournament appearance ESPN sources: Cowboys to release Romo on Thursday Romo releases message to fans amid uncertainty SFA's Late Push Not Enough to Overcome Islanders' Hot Start in 77-69 SLC Tourney Semifinal Loss East Texan Kevin Aguilar could soon get a shot in the UFC Sports WebXtra: Nacogdoches native Clint Dempsey back on U.S. national team East Texas baseball coaches stand behind UIL pitch count rule Sources: Josh McCown meeting with New York Jets Bi-District Playoff Results West squads sweep Azalea Orthopedic All-Star games Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Central Texas sees expansion in On-Demand Economy with addition of Instacart 2017-03-30T23:21:24Z2017-03-31T00:13:38Z By Kandace Thomas, Reporter Email Connect kthomas@kxxv.com Follow @KandaceThomas25 SOURCE:KXXV WACO, TX (KXXV) - With no more than a couple taps of a button, your entire shopping list will arrive at your doorstep.  Instacart is the latest on-demand app joining the Central Texas area. Starting Thursday, people in Waco, Temple, Killeen and Bryan will be able to use the mobile app to order products from H-E-B, Petco and Specs. Instacart joins a growing list of mobile based businesses joining the area, in what experts call the "on-demand" economy. Not only do these businesses give more options to consumers, they can provide a boost to businesses. Instacart said they are planning to hire more than 150 people with their newest launch.  According to research from the Harvard Business Review, more than 22.4 million Americans use on-demand technology and spend over $57 billion a year. Several traditional brick and mortar stores are hoping to get into some of the convenience associated with online shopping. At the end of 2016, Wal-Mart added Curbside pick-up to several of their locations in the Central Texas area.  Instacart is offering a discount code for $20 off $35 using ABCWACO20 at checkout.  Copyright 2017 KXXV. All rights reserved.  East Texas NewsMore>> East Texans cook-off in "Chopped" style competition East Texans coof-off in "Chopped" style competition Updated: Saturday, April 1 2017 6:51 PM EDT2017-04-01 22:51:11 GMT Five teams competed to show-off their culinary skills, similar to the show called Chopped, and in turn help the community on Saturday.More >> Five teams competed to show-off their culinary skills, similar to the show called Chopped, and in turn help the community on Saturday.More >> Man arrested for drug possession in Lufkin Man arrested for drug possession in Lufkin Updated: Saturday, April 1 2017 5:18 PM EDT2017-04-01 21:18:17 GMT Lufkin police arrested a man after a traffic stop resulted in drug findings. According to the Angelina Sheriff’s Department, on Friday at 10:30 p.m., Deputy Kendall Stewart initiated a traffic stop at the intersection of FM 1194 and Hwy 94 for obscured license plate. The driver was identified as John Richard Burch Jr., 33 years old of Lufkin. Police determined that Burch had an outstanding warrant for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia out of the Angelina County Sheriff’s ... More >> Lufkin police arrested a man after a traffic stop resulted in drug findings. According to the Angelina Sheriff’s Department, on Friday at 10:30 p.m., Deputy Kendall Stewart initiated a traffic stop at the intersection of FM 1194 and Hwy 94 for obscured license plate. The driver was identified as John Richard Burch Jr., 33 years old of Lufkin. Police determined that Burch had an outstanding warrant for Possession of Drug Paraphernalia out of the Angelina County Sheriff’s ...More >> Appleby Community Farm to host Farm fest concert Saturday Appleby Community Farm to host Farm fest concert Saturday Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 7:09 PM EDT2017-03-31 23:09:58 GMT Good food and music are the key ingredients for Farm Fest, an event at the Appleby Community Farm in Nacogdoches County.More >> Good food and music are the key ingredients for Farm Fest, an event at the Appleby Community Farm in Nacogdoches County.More >> Fire officials clarify fire is controlled Fire officials clarify fire is controlled Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 5:58 PM EDT2017-03-31 21:58:03 GMT What was initially called in as a wildfire has been determined to be a controlled burn.More >> What was initially called in as a wildfire has been determined to be a controlled burn.More >> Trinity County Sheriff's Office, Texas Rangers investigating livestock deaths at county farm Trinity County Sheriff's Office, Texas Rangers investigating livestock deaths at county farm Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 5:44 PM EDT2017-03-31 21:44:27 GMT Investigators with the Trinity County Sheriff’s Office and the Texas Rangers are investigating an incident at the TCSO farm in which five goats were killed and all the dogs were released from the kennels on the property. More >> Investigators with the Trinity County Sheriff’s Office and the Texas Rangers are investigating an incident at the TCSO farm in which five goats were killed and all the dogs were released from the kennels on the property.More >>    Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News March 6 – 12: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic. To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit www.511Virginia.org for real-time traffic information. Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.   INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of March 6, be alert to a traffic pattern shift on Jonesboro Road. And the possibility of a nighttime lane closures Monday on I-81 to replace reflective pavement markers. (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of March 6, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 – bridge repairs: Due to repairs to the I-77 southbound bridge near exit 66 and East River Mountain Tunnel the week of March 6, be alert to a lane closure that will narrow the travel lane to 13-feet periodically during the week.  The work will also close the southbound on-ramp and will periodically close the southbound off-ramp to ensure safety. (Completion: March 2017) Interstate 81 bridges at mile marker 17 in Washington County:  Motorists should be alert for periodic shoulder and lane closures in the northbound and southbound lanes during bridge repairs. Also be alert to periodic shoulder and lane closures under the bridges. (Completion March 2017) ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: No lane closures are scheduled due to maintenance activities on I-77 this week; however, be alert to work along the shoulder such as ditch cleaning and fence repairs. ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to daytime slope repairs on Interstate 81 near exit 70 in Wythe County and bridge deck repairs northbound at mile marker 83 in Wythe County.   PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)   Grayson County Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017) Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017) Scott County Route 687 bridge: Due to replacement of the superstructure of the Route 687 bridge over Big Moccasin Creek in Scott County, the bridge is closed to traffic until mid-May. (Completion: May 2017) Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018) Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects: New power line construction on Route 72 between between Midway and Fort Blackmore.   (Completion: summer 2017) Utility installation work along Route 23 in the Weber City area between Gate City and the Route 23/Route 614 (Yuma Road) intersection. (Completion: summer 2017) Water line installation: Motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays due to water line installation along Route 619 (Big Stoney Creek Road) in the Fort Blackmore area, between Route 72 (Veterans Memorial Highway) and Route 653 (Hunters Valley East Road) (Completion: Spring 2017) Smyth County ***Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)   Tazewell County Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: May 2017) Washington County ***Route 622 (Nebo Mountain Road): Due to a bridge replacement project on Route 622 (Nebo Mountain Road) in Smyth County, a portion of the route will close March 13 at 9 a.m. and will remain closed through April 3 at 6 p.m. The bridge is located at 5.2 miles from Route 694 and .5 miles from Route 610 at the foot of Nebo Mountain in Bland County. Pay close attention to message boards and detour signs.  (Completion: April 3) Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017) Wise County Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 613 – road widening: The closed section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County has reopened to traffic following the completion of blasting work. Be alert to the possibility of flaggers during daylight hours while  work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile portion of the route continues. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017) Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018) Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious One lane closed on northbound I-81 bridge over Halls Bottom Road in Washington County – Right lane closure will be in place through Thursday while repairs are made Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News March 6 – 12: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic. To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit www.511Virginia.org for real-time traffic information. Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.   INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of March 6, be alert to a traffic pattern shift on Jonesboro Road. And the possibility of a nighttime lane closures Monday on I-81 to replace reflective pavement markers. (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of March 6, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 – bridge repairs: Due to repairs to the I-77 southbound bridge near exit 66 and East River Mountain Tunnel the week of March 6, be alert to a lane closure that will narrow the travel lane to 13-feet periodically during the week.  The work will also close the southbound on-ramp and will periodically close the southbound off-ramp to ensure safety. (Completion: March 2017) Interstate 81 bridges at mile marker 17 in Washington County:  Motorists should be alert for periodic shoulder and lane closures in the northbound and southbound lanes during bridge repairs. Also be alert to periodic shoulder and lane closures under the bridges. (Completion March 2017) ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: No lane closures are scheduled due to maintenance activities on I-77 this week; however, be alert to work along the shoulder such as ditch cleaning and fence repairs. ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to daytime slope repairs on Interstate 81 near exit 70 in Wythe County and bridge deck repairs northbound at mile marker 83 in Wythe County.   PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)   Grayson County Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017) Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017) Scott County Route 687 bridge: Due to replacement of the superstructure of the Route 687 bridge over Big Moccasin Creek in Scott County, the bridge is closed to traffic until mid-May. (Completion: May 2017) Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018) Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects: New power line construction on Route 72 between between Midway and Fort Blackmore.   (Completion: summer 2017) Utility installation work along Route 23 in the Weber City area between Gate City and the Route 23/Route 614 (Yuma Road) intersection. (Completion: summer 2017) Water line installation: Motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays due to water line installation along Route 619 (Big Stoney Creek Road) in the Fort Blackmore area, between Route 72 (Veterans Memorial Highway) and Route 653 (Hunters Valley East Road) (Completion: Spring 2017) Smyth County ***Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)   Tazewell County Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: May 2017) Washington County ***Route 622 (Nebo Mountain Road): Due to a bridge replacement project on Route 622 (Nebo Mountain Road) in Smyth County, a portion of the route will close March 13 at 9 a.m. and will remain closed through April 3 at 6 p.m. The bridge is located at 5.2 miles from Route 694 and .5 miles from Route 610 at the foot of Nebo Mountain in Bland County. Pay close attention to message boards and detour signs.  (Completion: April 3) Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017) Wise County Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 613 – road widening: The closed section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County has reopened to traffic following the completion of blasting work. Be alert to the possibility of flaggers during daylight hours while  work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile portion of the route continues. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017) Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018) Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious One lane closed on northbound I-81 bridge over Halls Bottom Road in Washington County – Right lane closure will be in place through Thursday while repairs are made Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 Search Recent Posts Vorstandsvorsitzender von Bombardier gibt Erklärung ab, dass er Vergütungserhöhung für 2016 ablehnt Cardtek and Emcredit Introduce First National Mobile Wallet Solution, emPAY When A Colon Cleanse May be Right For You Cardtek and Emcredit Introduce First National Mobile Wallet Solution, emPAY Construction Industry in Top 5 Emerging Markets Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 11.1% Over the period 2016 – 2021 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
