Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart's CEO shares two things that convinced him to pay $3 billion for Jet.com Eugene Kim Aug. 18, 2016, 5:28 PM 14,821 facebook linkedin twitter email print Walmart CEO Doug McMillonReuters/Ray Stubblebine Walmart showed it's serious about growing its online presence when it bought Jet.com for $3.3 billion last week, the highest price tag for any US e-commerce startup ever. Given Jet.com's only two years old and likely nowhere near profitable, that's a hefty price to pay. But Walmart CEO Doug McMillon shared two things about Jet.com that convinced him to go the extra mile during Thursday's earnings call: its discount technology, and its CEO Marc Lore. More specifically, McMillon likes Jet.com's technology that allows customers to get higher discounts as they purchase more items. Jet.com is known for its unique discount policy that rewards additional discounts to customers who buy more items, opt out of free returns, or pay by debit card (instead of credit cards). He said: "One of the things we like about the technology they've developed is that it rewards customers in real-time with savings on a basket of goods and puts them more in charge of the price they pay. This empowers customers in a way that is true to the spirit of Walmart. When customers build a basket of goods online rather than ordering one item at a time, shipping economics are in their favor and ours. Walmart's advantage has always been in providing the lowest prices on a basket, and Jet has created a unique way to deliver the lowest cost basket online." McMillon also praised Lore, who Walmart reportedly tried to add to its team six years ago by purchasing his then startup, Quidsi, which eventually sold to Amazon. Lore is now in charge of running both Jet.com and Walmart's online business as its president and CEO of e-commerce. "Marc is a passionate merchant and innovative thinker who will definitely add value to our business," McMillon said. Perhaps the clearest sign of McMillon's commitment to Lore could be seen in the fact that Walmart's requiring Jet.com's founder to stay with the company for five years, not the typical two years, to fully realize his payout, as Recode's Jason Del Rey previously reported. Lore will report directly to McMillon once the acquisition is complete, making him one of Walmart CEO's closest lieutenants. "I look forward to working with him," McMillon said of Lore during the call. SEE ALSO: Macy's is shutting down 100 stores, but its CFO says it still has a big advantage over Amazon NOW WATCH: How to choose the best cut of steak — according to Anthony Bourdain Loading video... More: Walmart Jet.com Marc Lore Doug McMillion Acquisition facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart's CEO shares two things that convinced him to pay $3 billion for Jet.com Walmart's CEO shares two things that convinced him to pay $3 billion for Jet.com Walmart showed it's serious about growing its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying A closer look at what the richest are investing in Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Sneaky Expenses You Forgot About This Holiday Season Don't get taken by surprise My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Home > Stock Market News Today's Stock Market News & Analysis Trump's FCC Appointments Cast Doubts Over Net Neutrality By Zacks.com The appointments look good for telecoms, but bad for consumers. 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying By Motley Fool A closer look at what the most successful money managers are buying. 5 Top Stocks Under $10 By Motley Fool Add some cheap stocks to your portfolio. Is OPEC Playing The Oil Markets Again? By Oilprice.com Oil prices moved back up closer to $50 per barrel on the sudden surge in optimism surrounding an OPEC deal. Latest News Videos Wednesday Sector Laggards: Precious... New York Times Finds Growth Amid Tr... Analyst on JUNO: This is just a sho... Analyst on LLY: In general, I belie... Latest News Wednesday's ETF with Unusual Volume: FXR 11/23/2016 2:03 PM - BNK Invest Appears In: Investing Ideas Wednesday's ETF Movers: IHI, GDX 11/23/2016 2:02 PM - BNK Invest Appears In: Investing Ideas After-Hours Earnings Report for November 23, 2016 : CTRP, SQM 11/23/2016 2:00 PM - NASDAQ.com News Appears In: Earnings Wednesday Sector Laggards: Precious Metals, Water Utilities 11/23/2016 1:59 PM - BNK Invest Appears In: Investing Ideas Wednesday Sector Leaders: Music & Electronics Stores, Trucking Stocks 11/23/2016 1:58 PM - BNK Invest Appears In: Investing Ideas U.K. Shifts Policy on Spending -- Update 11/23/2016 1:55:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets U.K. Shifts Policy on Spending -- Update 11/23/2016 1:55:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets U.S. Oil-Rig Count Up by Three in Latest Week 11/23/2016 1:55:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: Commodities Memoirs of Megyn Kelly, Bernie Sanders Selling Briskly 11/23/2016 1:45:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: Politics Turkey's President Dismisses Pending Vote on EU Membership 11/23/2016 1:45:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Why Deere & Co. Jumped 10% Today 11/23/2016 1:36 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Health Care Sector Update for 11/23/2016: CLRB,MDGS,JUNO 11/23/2016 1:28 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: US Markets Technology Sector Update for 11/23/2016: HPE,QADA,NMBL 11/23/2016 1:21 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Commodities House Democrats Warn of Trump's Potential Conflicts with Deutsche Bank 11/23/2016 1:21:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: Politics Why Biogen Shareholders Lost $3 Billion Today 11/23/2016 1:20 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Mid-Day ETF Update: ETFs, Stocks Mixed Ahead of FOMC Meeting Minutes; Wall Street Digests Mixed Economic Data 11/23/2016 1:18 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: ETFs European Equity Benchmarks Close Lower; U.K. Lowers Economic Forecast 11/23/2016 1:17 PM - MT Newswires Appears In: Stocks Why Nimble Storage Inc. Stock Plunged Today 11/23/2016 1:15 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks WSJ.com What's News - Worldwide News Briefs For Nov 23 11/23/2016 1:15:00 PM - Dow Jones Business News Appears In: US Markets Once Hot Gold Miners ETFs Can Bounce Back 11/23/2016 1:14 PM - Tom Lydon Appears In: ETFs View More Headlines Browse News by Category ETFs Mid-Day ETF Update: ETFs, Stocks Mixed Ahead of FOMC Meeting Minutes;... European Equity Benchmarks Close Lower; U.K. Lowers Economic Forecast Once Hot Gold Miners ETFs Can Bounce Back More ETFs Technology 20 Things We Did Right in Our First Year as an Airbnb Host Commodities Made Simple: There's An App For That How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering More Technology Commodities Technology Sector Update for 11/23/2016: HPE,QADA,NMBL Consumer Sector Update for 11/23/2016: GME,CAL,URBN Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheimer's Study... More Commodities Investing ideas Wednesday's ETF with Unusual Volume: FXR Wednesday's ETF Movers: IHI, GDX Wednesday Sector Laggards: Precious Metals, Water Utilities More Investing ideas Today's Market Activity NASDAQ 5370.19 -16.16  ▼  0.30% DJIA 19069.65 45.78  ▲  0.24% S&P 500 2202.06 -0.88  ▼  0.04% Data as of Nov 23, 2016 | 2:05PM Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform View All Market Intelligence Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering Prableen Bajpai Is This Apple's Big Push into Augmented Reality? Chris Ciaccia The Invisible Hand Will Lead to the Next Recession Trevir Nath Compare Rates Mortgages Autos CDs Loan Type Rate Change APR 30 yr fixed mtg 3.95% ▲ 4.07% 15 yr fixed mtg 3.10% ▲ 3.31% 30 yr FHA mtg 3.63% ▲ 3.73% 5/1 ARM 3.36% ▲ 6.06% View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change 48 month new car loan 3.03% ▲ 36 month new car loan 2.86% ▲ 60 month new car loan 3.07% ▲ 36 month used car loan 3.31% ▲ 72 month new car loan 3.34% ▲ View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change APY 3 month CD 0.36% ▼ 6 month CD 0.74% ▲ 1 yr CD 1.17% - 5 yr CD 1.76% ▲ 1 yr jumbo CD 0.87% - View more rates   Search   Rate Data Provided by Bankrate.com Latest Articles by Martin Tillier Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com. Three Things to Give Thanks For: The Market Version 11/23/2016 10:49 AM Oil's Rise Has Helped Stocks But Now Looks Fragile 11/22/2016 9:17 AM Week Ahead: One Market To Watch Despite The Holiday 11/21/2016 9:40 AM An Analysis of Wal-Mart (WMT)'s Earnings 11/17/2016 9:05 AM Why DryShips (DRYS) is Up Over 2500 Percent 11/16/2016 10:29 AM More Martin Tillier NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St little changed; Wal-Mart up after results By Reuters Published: 10:00 EST, 18 August 2016 | Updated: 10:00 EST, 18 August 2016 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal Aug 18 (Reuters) - Wall Street was little changed in early trading on Thursday as the impact of a rise in oil prices and strong results at Wal-Mart was offset by weakness in consumer discretionary and financial stocks. Dow component Wal-Mart rose as much as 3.1 percent to $75.19 - a more than 14-month high - after the retailer posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit. The stock provided the biggest boost to the Dow and the S&P 500. Oil stocks rose as Brent crude touched $50 a barrel for the first time in six weeks after major producers prepared to discuss a possible freeze in output. U.S. crude was trading near $47. Investors also weighed up minutes of the Federal Reserve's July meeting that showed policymakers were divided over whether to raise interest rates in the near-term. Officials were generally upbeat about the U.S. economy but some expressed the need to keep their options open in the need of more data pointing to strength, the minutes showed. While traders have almost completely ruled out a hike in September, they have priced in a 41.7 percent chance for a move in December - down from 45.1 percent on Wednesday, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The market has reached a comfortable level and needs a fresh catalyst to send stocks higher," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. "The Fed was less hawkish than the market had expected. They would like to get one rate hike behind them this year because they've been too low for too long." The S&P 500 has been higher in six of the last eight weeks and the market has touched new records on the back of better-than-expected corporate earnings, supportive monetary policy and a robust labor market. At 9:49 a.m. ET (1349 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 9.59 points, or 0.05 percent, at 18,564.35, the S&P 500 was down 0.48 points, or 0.02 percent, at 2,181.74 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 3.36 points, or 0.06 percent, at 5,225.30. Six of the 10 major S&P sectors were higher, with the energy index's 0.48 percent rise leading the advancers. New York Fed President William Dudley, who on Tuesday unnerved the markets by saying a rate hike was possible in September, is scheduled to give a press briefing at 10:00 a.m. San Francisco Fed President John Williams speaks on economic outlook in Anchorage, Alaska at 4:00 p.m. ET. Data showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, with initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropping to 262,000. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims slipping to 265,000. Twitter fell 3.6 percent to $19.44 after Evercore downgraded its stock to "sell" from "hold". Cisco was off 1.6 percent at $30.23, after the company reported a 1.6 percent drop in revenue and said it would cut jobs. Valeant Pharma's U.S.-listed shares were up 2.8 percent at $30.81 after the drugmaker said it received approval from a lender to amend its credit facility. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,641 to 977. On the Nasdaq, 1,245 issues rose and 1,006 fell. The S&P 500 index showed eight new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 26 new highs and 13 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Sizzling Joanna Krupa displays her incredible toned physique as she parades around in teeny tiny bikini while soaking up the sun in Miami Beach babe  Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
ADVERTISEMENT▼ Home New York - News - Sports - Things to Do - Events - Real Estate - Weather Boston - News - Sports - Things to Do - Events Philadelphia - News - Sports - Things to Do - Events - Real Estate - Weather Latest News - National - International - Politics - Business - Science - Technology - Viral - Photos Election 2016 - Social Buzz Entertainment - Celebrities - Television - Movies - Jenna Busch - Music - Arts - Truth Facts - The Word Sports - New York - Boston - Philly - MLB - NFL - NHL - NBA - Soccer - Fantasy Sports Lifestyle - Career - Health - Fashion - Food - Dating - Home - Parenting - Education - Gadgets - Travel - Horoscope Education Games - Crossword - Sudoku - News Quiz About Metro - Advertise - Contact Us - Newsletters - Digital Edition Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart By Caroline Valetkevitch Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart By Caroline Valetkevitch ADVERTISEMENT▼ August 18 By Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart <WMT.N> to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target <TGT.N> and Lowe's Companies <LOW.N> the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude <LCOc1> topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco <CSCO.O> shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp <NTAP.O> jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Related Links The Gardner Museum's 'Composite Landscapes' exhibit looks at the art of landscaping - Metro.us Tori Stafford's family says they have 'suspicions' about composite sketch Fashion with a Capital F: SUNO - Metro.us U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah's son's luxury home raided Show Comments   ADVERTISEMENT▼ Business Fed policymakers confident of need for rate hikes on eve of Trump win/_internal/cimg!0/otjbun9ndh92kv4lvgq1vg0ft6a3hfk/LYNXMPECAM1DL.jpeg 2:04 pm By Jason and Lange WASHINGTON, Nov 23 (Reuters) - Federal Reserve... Business BNDES to repay Brazil Treasury debt with mix of cash, securities/_internal/cimg!0/nq1yhgkp3nl0yvkakhdsk9t9f4219rf/LYNXMPECAM1CV.jpeg 1:54 pm By Tatiana Bautzer and Rodrigo Viga Gaier RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) -... Movies Lobbyist expose 'Miss Sloane' isn't as smart as it thinks it is/_internal/cimg!0/8b2q44fj5wn0gl9xtybfwmzslt0yn5d/miss-sloane.jpeg 1:59 pm ‘Miss Sloane’ Director: John Madden Stars: Jessica Chastain, Gugu Mbatha-Raw... Business After Barroso row, Juncker proposes tighter EU ethics rules/_internal/cimg!0/ql00su4o0qtezt0g90kungejo74hu36/LYNXMPECAM1BX.jpeg 1:39 pm By Alastair Macdonald BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission has proposed... Politics Elton John denies he will play at Trump inauguration/_internal/cimg!0/qw1up96suz6ohu6sqwroj93ergcx64r/LYNXMPECAM1BQ.jpeg 1:33 pm (Reuters) - Britain's Sir Elton John will not perform at the inauguration of Donald... Sports NHL rookie diary: Why Flyers' Travis Konecny is thankful/_internal/cimg!0/rqss8ax1niztkqmbboa1ib4vfbei8lq/GettyImages-614926184.jpeg Yesterday 1:40 pm Canadians celebrate Thanksgiving, but not on the same as day as those in the states... Politics Trump taps Michigan Republican DeVos for education secretary: reports/_internal/cimg!0/g0ea6yftuenm5orbevoc06l2v3kbd7r/LYNXMPECAM1B5.jpeg 1:20 pm WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has tapped... Entertainment No, Elton John will NOT be Trump's gay friend at the inauguration/_internal/cimg!0/lnujrh90hxe2b4xesdsfmbm339aclpm/ENT_EltonJohn_1123%20for%20web.jpeg 1:23 pm Don’t you hate when someone uses this rhetoric: I can’t be homophobic, I... Politics Haley lends Trump team diversity but little diplomatic heft 1:04 pm WASHINGTON (Reuters) - By picking fellow Republican South Carolina Governor... International West voices growing concern at Myanmar's handling of crisis: sources/_internal/cimg!0/78pb0dixl5t51iaio4zekj98fg82dm6/LYNXMPECAM1AC.jpeg 1:00 pm By Antoni Slodkowski and Michelle Nichols YANGON/UNITED NATIONS... Advertise with Metro! Apps - FB: BOS NYC PHL US Twitter: BOS NYC PHL  US Insta: BOS NYC PHL Newsletters Print Edition: BOS NYC PHL © Copyright 2016 Metro International - All rights reserved ADVERTISEMENT▼
null
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Wednesday, November 23, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News What Happened in the Stock Market Today Fox News Fox Business News What Happened in the Stock Market Today By Demitrios Kalogeropoulos - November 17, 2016 52 Stocks rose on Thursday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average(DJINDICES: ^DJI)ticking higher into record territory as the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) index finished up nearly 0.5%. Continue Reading Below Today’s stock market: Index Percentage change Point change Dow 0.19% 35.68 S&P 500 0.47% 10.18 Data source: Yahoo Finance. More From Fool.com Financial stocks resumed their stunning post-election rally as the Financial Sector Select SPDR Fund (NYSEMKT: XLF) rose 1% to reach a 13% spike over just the past week. As for major ETF losers, the volatile Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bull 3X ETF(NYSEMKT: NUGT) sank by 4% as gold prices slipped. Meanwhile,Best Buy(NYSE: BBY) and Cisco(NASDAQ: CSCO) posted significant swings following their quarterly earnings announcements. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Best Buy Best Buy shares rallied 14% after the company revealed improving business trends heading into the biggest retailing quarter of the year. Comparable-store sales increased 2%, for a decent acceleration over the prior quarter’s 1% uptick. The retailer also managed much faster earnings growth as operating profit margin jumped to 4% of sales from 3% last year. “We are pleased to report today growth on both our top and bottom lines,” CEO Hubert Joly said in a press release. Image source: Getty Images. Innovation in the consumer-electronics space helped push customer traffic higher, with leading product categories including home theater, mobile phones, and wearable tech. Gains in those areas were offset by a continued slump in video gaming. Best Buy held the line on prices, and that discipline helped gross profit margin expand to 24.7% of sales, from 24.1%. The company soundly beat its own earnings guidance, logging non-GAAP profit of $0.62 per share compared to the $0.45 per share it forecast back in August. Looking ahead, Joly and his team see innovation continuing to drive customers to its stores over the holidays. Sales growth is likely to stay uncomfortably close to zero, though. Still, executives aim to hit that steady figure while significantly scaling back on promotions. If it works, the strategy should result in non-GAAP earnings of as high as $3.30 per share for the full year, or 19% higher than fiscal 2016. Cisco Cisco was the biggest loser on the Dow, dropping 5% following the tech giant’s fiscal first-quarter results. As expected, revenue ticked up by 1%, and gross margin was 64% for a slight increase over the prior quarter. Image source: Getty Images. Management highlighted strong growth in the routing, security, and service segments that together offset declines in major categories, including switches and collaboration hardware. The U.S. geography was Cisco’s weakest as clients continued to defer their major IT spending projects. “We had a good quarter despite a challenging global business environment and we performed well in our priority areas,” CEO Chuck Robbins said. Cisco sees those challenges continuing into the current quarter, which is typically when many large clients set their budget for the coming calendar year. Robbins and his team see revenue declining by as much as 4% as gross margin ticks down to 63% of sales. These figures translate into non-GAAPearnings of $0.56 per share, below consensus estimates of $0.59 per share. While only a slight miss, the downbeat forecast was enough to send shares lower for what remains one of the Dow’s best-performing stocks in 2016. 10 stocks we like better than Cisco Systems When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Cisco Systems wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleHow to Sign Up for a TD Ameritrade Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide Next articleBarbra Streisand poses for sexy new photo shoot at 74 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR A Diversified Approach to Commodities ETFs Once Hot Gold Miners ETFs Can Bounce Back Why Biogen Shareholders Lost $3 Billion Today Dow's Rise To Record High Belies Weak Market Breadth Blackrock Managing Director Hollie Fagan Discusses DOL & Regulatory Change Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume UP NEXT Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you Fighting out-of-control crime at Wal-Mart Duration: 03:33 8/17/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Aug. 17 -- Police reports from dozens of Wal-Mart stores suggest the number of petty crimes committed on Wal-Mart properties nationwide this year will be in the hundreds of thousands. But people dashing out the door with merchandise is the least troubling part of Wal-Mart's crime problem. More than 200 violent crimes, including attempted kidnappings and multiple stabbings, shootings and murders, have occurred at the nation’s 4,500 Walmarts this year, or about one a day, according to an analysis of media reports. Bloomberg's Shannon Pettypiece has more on "Bloomberg Markets." READ MORE SEE LESS PLAYLIST Fighting out-of-control crime at Wal-Mart Bloomberg NOW PLAYING Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC UP NEXT US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction Wochit Tech After death, world's tallest water slide to be torn down Wochit News The best of Black Friday deals Fox Business 7 states that are better for retirement than Florida Kiplinger Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts Newsy Would you pay $1,500 for a haircut? The Wall Street Journal. Average age of an American car is 11.6 years, a record high CNBC More Americans will become millionaires in 2017, but it's not all good Newsy Hong Kong Disneyland bets $1.4 billion on 'Frozen,' Marvel The Wall Street Journal. Existing home sales hit more than 9-1/2-year high Wochit Business Is anti-Black Friday eclipsing Black Friday? The Washington Post Replacing Obamacare: Speaker Ryan's plan seen as roadmap CNBC What drives the prices of fine wine? Bloomberg This startup is trying to reinvent the piston engine CNN Money How close does Trump remain to his foreign businesses? CNN Money Guest worker program a necessary part of farming? Fox Business How small business has a big impact on the US economy Bloomberg US healthcare spending is up -- but why? Wochit Business Gun shops hope for a busy Black Friday Wochit Business Canada plans to phase out coal power plants by 2030 Bloomberg Will Trump inherit a new financial crisis? Fox Business More from Bloomberg Laffer: If I Were in Congress I Would Vote for TPP Bloomberg 3:32 Focusing In on President-Elect Trump's Business Interests Bloomberg 4:42 Camporeale: State of U.S. GDP Looks Pretty Good Bloomberg 3:45 Trump Picks Gov. Nikki Haley as UN Ambassador Bloomberg 4:01 MP Helen Goodman Reacts to Hammond's Autumn Statement Bloomberg 4:37 Gilts Fall as U.K. Expands Debt Bloomberg 4:02 U.K.'s Clark: Hammond Right to Maintain Fiscal Discipline Bloomberg 7:48 How Does Business Fare in U.K.'s Autumn Statement? Bloomberg 5:34 What Comes Next for Eli Lilly? Bloomberg 6:48 Global Inflation Watch: Expectations vs. Reality Bloomberg 5:09 A Wait and See View of U.K.'s Autumn Statement Bloomberg 3:39 A Deep Dive Into Markets: Fed, Trump, and Growth Bloomberg 5:07 PepsiCo CEO: I Write Letters to Parents of My Executives Bloomberg 3:27 Oil Glut Here to Stay Despite OPEC: Bob Iaccino Bloomberg 3:58 Pimco's Fels Sees a Question Mark Over Fed Independence Bloomberg 7:19 British Pound Stands Alone Against U.S. Dollar Bloomberg 3:35 Recent Videos Meet the man behind Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade CNBC 1:15 42 mins ago Betsy Devos is Trump's education secretary pick: NBC News CNBC 1:21 57 mins ago Two big heavy-equipment makers are powering the Dow CNBC 1:17 59 mins ago Analyst on LLY: In general, I believe Biogen drug is better CNBC 2:53 1 hr ago Analyst on JUNO: This is just a short setback CNBC 2:11 1 hr ago Trades gone 'fowl': Big losers in large cap S&P CNBC 1:07 1 hr ago Unusual activity: Aggressive buying in Rio Tinto & Target CNBC 3:33 1 hr ago Is the LaCrosse Your Father's Buick, or Your Son's? The Wall Street Journal. 3:59 1 hr ago Deere hits another all-time high CNBC 2:15 1 hr ago Eli Lilly & Juno Therapeutics plummet after failed drug trials CNBC 4:54 1 hr ago Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Major Test Trial The Wall Street Journal. 3:31 1 hr ago Where can investors find value at record highs? CNBC 5:21 1 hr ago Will rising rates & the dollar kill the rally? CNBC 4:58 2 hrs ago Foursquare CEO: Many reasons consumers still like physical shopping CNBC 4:25 2 hrs ago Iran Threatens Response if U.S Renews Sanctions The Wall Street Journal. 1:07 2 hrs ago Is Thanksgiving Day shopping worth it? CNBC 1:48 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Jackie' The Wall Street Journal. 2:08 2 hrs ago Foot traffic doesn't matter anymore: Brookstone CEO CNBC 3:40 2 hrs ago Checking out foam mattresses CNBC 1:41 2 hrs ago Dow, Russell 2000 hit new all-time highs CNBC 3:01 2 hrs ago Isaac: Facebook is thinking more pragmatically CNBC 5:04 3 hrs ago The Fixer: How to Salvage Your Worn iPhone Cords The Wall Street Journal. 0:58 3 hrs ago Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC 1:40 3 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Rules Don't Apply' The Wall Street Journal. 1:07 3 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Moana' The Wall Street Journal. 1:15 3 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Lion' The Wall Street Journal. 1:00 3 hrs ago Santelli Exchange: 3 parts to Trump's Obamacare plans CNBC 3:34 3 hrs ago Odland: It'll be a record holiday season CNBC 3:18 3 hrs ago Crude oil inventories down 1.26M barrels CNBC 0:44 3 hrs ago Autmun Statement: Five takeaways CNBC 1:38 3 hrs ago AdChoices Featured Partners CNBC The Wall Street Journal Fox Business CNN Money The Street MoneyTalksNews Zacks Kiplinger Meet the man behind Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade CNBC 1:15 42 mins ago Betsy Devos is Trump's education secretary pick: NBC News CNBC 1:21 57 mins ago Two big heavy-equipment makers are powering the Dow CNBC 1:17 59 mins ago Analyst on LLY: In general, I believe Biogen drug is better CNBC 2:53 1 hr ago Analyst on JUNO: This is just a short setback CNBC 2:11 1 hr ago Trades gone 'fowl': Big losers in large cap S&P CNBC 1:07 1 hr ago Unusual activity: Aggressive buying in Rio Tinto & Target CNBC 3:33 1 hr ago Deere hits another all-time high CNBC 2:15 1 hr ago Eli Lilly & Juno Therapeutics plummet after failed drug trials CNBC 4:54 1 hr ago Where can investors find value at record highs? CNBC 5:21 1 hr ago Will rising rates & the dollar kill the rally? CNBC 4:58 2 hrs ago Foursquare CEO: Many reasons consumers still like physical shopping CNBC 4:25 2 hrs ago Is Thanksgiving Day shopping worth it? CNBC 1:48 2 hrs ago Foot traffic doesn't matter anymore: Brookstone CEO CNBC 3:40 2 hrs ago Checking out foam mattresses CNBC 1:41 2 hrs ago Dow, Russell 2000 hit new all-time highs CNBC 3:01 2 hrs ago Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Major Test Trial The Wall Street Journal. 3:31 1 hr ago Film Clip: 'Jackie' The Wall Street Journal. 2:08 2 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Rules Don't Apply' The Wall Street Journal. 1:07 3 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Moana' The Wall Street Journal. 1:15 3 hrs ago Film Clip: 'Lion' The Wall Street Journal. 1:00 3 hrs ago Americans Still Consume Too Much Sugar in Drinks The Wall Street Journal. 1:23 21 hrs ago Trump Presidency Could Mean Cuts to Overtime Pay Rule The Wall Street Journal. 5:55 1 day ago 2 Undervalued Stocks, 1 Dangerous Chinese Play The Wall Street Journal. 2:42 Kushner's Brother's Health Startup Faces Uncertainty The Wall Street Journal. 4:20 After Black Friday, Go Small on 'Small Business Saturday' The Wall Street Journal. 5:39 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Chipotle and More The Wall Street Journal. 1:26 New Blood Test May Be Able to Detect Concussions The Wall Street Journal. 2:34 The Future of Mobility on Display at LA Auto Show The Wall Street Journal. 3:16 LA Auto Show: Five things to watch The Wall Street Journal. 1:56 How to Get the Best Financial Advice The Wall Street Journal. 4:09 Corporate Decision-Making: Is Hindsight 20/20? The Wall Street Journal. 5:44 Coal country is optimistic about Trump Fox Business 3:28 1 hr ago BJ's CEO: Business is spiking after Trump's win Fox Business 3:37 1 hr ago Is Donald Trump softening on his views? Fox Business 5:46 1 hr ago What would William F. Buckley think of Trump? Fox Business 3:49 2 hrs ago Forbes: Overtime ruling a win for small business Fox Business 1:10 2 hrs ago Tucker Carlson on Trump's open-minded posture Fox Business 2:42 2 hrs ago Behind the business of Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Fox Business 1:52 3 hrs ago How Republicans should approach Thanksgiving dinner politics Fox Business 4:04 3 hrs ago Fr. Jonathan Morris: Talk politics, stay away from egg nog Fox Business 4:48 3 hrs ago Varney offers Thanksgiving dinner advice Fox Business 1:49 3 hrs ago Did Trump change his mind on waterboarding? Fox Business 3:29 4 hrs ago Is the Dow headed for 20K? Fox Business 2:15 4 hrs ago Eli Lilly abandons Alzheimer's drug after trial failure Fox Business 4:37 4 hrs ago Will NYC, Chicago lose federal funding over sanctuary city status? Fox Business 6:43 4 hrs ago Huckabee on Romney for Secretary of State: Why would he do it? Fox Business 8:18 4 hrs ago Morning Business Outlook: 11/23/16 Fox Business 1:15 5 hrs ago Trump vs. the press CNN Money 2:10 5 hrs ago Tumblr tackles mental health CNN Money 3:35 19 hrs ago Wilbur Ross in 75 seconds CNN Money 1:21 20 hrs ago This startup is trying to reinvent the piston engine CNN Money 3:25 1 day ago Catching poachers with high-tech cameras CNN Money 0:58 1 day ago Startup is trying to reinvent the piton engine CNN Money 3:25 1 day ago Review: 'Moana' is a feast for the eyes and ears CNN Money 1:12 1 day ago Start-up is literally trying to reinvent the wheel CNN Money 2:51 1 day ago How close does Trump remain to his foreign businesses? CNN Money 2:31 1 day ago Instagram launches live video and disappearing messages CNN Money 1:14 1 day ago Protecting Trump in NYC will cost millions CNN Money 1:14 1 day ago Why Coach doesn't want to be a discount brand CNN Money 2:50 1 day ago Say 'Hello' to Barbie's new voice-activated Dreamhouse CNN Money 1:28 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money 1:03 India's cash crunch impacts healthcare CNN Money 2:32 Coach Calipari on leadership, social media in age of Trump CNN Money 2:20 What's Ahead Tuesday: Will Disney Report a Magical Quarter? The Street 1:32 Closing Bell: U.S. Stocks Slide; Chipotle Briefs Workers on Food Safety The Street 1:10 Jim Cramer Is Awaiting Panera Earnings Tomorrow The Street 1:04 1-800-Flowers.com Seeking Sweet Valentine’s Day Sales The Street 4:38 Chesapeake Energy Says it Has No Plans to File Bankruptcy The Street 2:48 Here’s What the Broncos Should Do With Their Super Bowl Bonuses The Street 4:36 University of Phoenix Owner Fetches $1.1B From Private Equity Group The Street 1:29 Brixmor Property Tanks on Accounting Issues, Jim Cramer Says Avoid It The Street 1:01 Doug Kass Says It’s All Over for Tesla and the FANG Stocks The Street 4:56 Moe’s Attacks While Takes Chipotle Safety Break The Street 3:52 Jim Cramer Says There’s No Need to Rush Into the Market Now The Street 3:50 Midday Report: Chesapeake Energy Tanks; Stocks Extend Selloff The Street 1:11 U.S. Stocks Open Sharply Lower on Oil, Earnings and Fed Worries The Street 1:32 How to Cut Your Tech Spending in Half Money Talks News 1:46 13 hrs ago How to do the holidays without busting your budget Money Talks News 1:39 1 day ago Stock Market Pop Quiz Money Talks News 1:59 Cheap car fixes you need to do now Money Talks News 1:44 How to get a patent for your idea Money Talks News 1:45 Will Sea Level Rise Sink Property Values? (Part 2 of 2) Money Talks News 2:00 Will Sea Level Rise Sink Property Values? (Part 1 of 2) Money Talks News 1:44 5 reasons to shop for a home in December Money Talks News 0:53 The biggest lies retailers tell Money Talks News 1:51 Money Language You Need to Know Money Talks News 1:55 7 government freebies you can get today Money Talks News 1:00 How to be a budgeting superstar Money Talks News 1:37 7 Yummy Foods That Can Lengthen Your Life Money Talks News 1:00 Making Money With Virtual Reality Money Talks News 1:36 Dealing with data when you die Money Talks News 1:42 How to find missing money Money Talks News 1:35 Who is the King of Streaming Content? Netflix or Amazon? Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago Is Trump Positive for Earnings? Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago This Week’s Top Growth & Income Stocks Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago The Aftermath of a U.S. Election Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago Zacks App Education Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Top Stock Picks for the Week of November 21st Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Gamestop (GME) Earnings Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Trump Rotation Stocks to Buy Right Now Zacks Equity Research 0:00 FF and EME are Aggressive Growth Zacks Rank Buys Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Palo Alto Networks (PANW) Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Foot Locker (FL) Earnings Zacks Equity Research 0:00 The Best Options Trade for Salesforce (CRM) Earnings Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Your Two Minute Earnings Preview for Salesforce (CRM) Stock Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Your Two Minute Earnings Preview for Wal-Mart (WMT) Stock Zacks Equity Research 0:00 This Week’s Amazing Earnings Charts Zacks Equity Research 0:00 What Investors Need to Know about Regional Bank ETFs Zacks Equity Research 0:00 7 states that are better for retirement than Florida Kiplinger 1:21 5 hrs ago Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger 1:12 3 states where you will want to retire forever Kiplinger 1:12 3 states to avoid in retirement Kiplinger 1:22 3 features home buyers look for the most Kiplinger 1:16 Insider Tips for Shopping at Kohl's Kiplinger 1:17 Easy ways to get extra cash in 30 minutes or less Kiplinger 1:11 Financial decisions that will haunt you in retirement Kiplinger 1:12 3 tricks to save money on Amazon.com Kiplinger 1:11 Things you should never buy at dollar stores Kiplinger 1:12 3 Things That Are Disappearing Forever Kiplinger 1:10 Things You Should Always Buy at Dollar Stores Kiplinger 1:08 Do college students need insurance for their stuff? Kiplinger 1:18 Worst Websites for Online Reviews Kiplinger 1:15 How to keep your home cool without going broke Kiplinger 1:09 3 reasons you should wish a Wegmans would open near you Kiplinger 1:17 Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Walton Family Fortune Soars as Wal-Mart Raises Earnings Forecast Tom Metcalf @tommetcalf123 More stories by Tom Metcalf August 18, 2016 — 5:09 PM EDT August 18, 2016 — 5:09 PM EDT The five Wal-Mart heirs control $127 billion family fortune Retailer now expects 2016 earnings of as much as $4.35 a share Is Wal-Mart a Buy on Second-Quarter Results? Walton family members are gaining ground as America’s richest retailers as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. increases its earnings forecast. Shares rose 1.9 percent Thursday, boosting the clan’s net worth on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index to $127 billion, a 19 percent increase since year-end. By comparison, Amazon.com Inc.’s Jeff Bezos has seen his fortune rise 12 percent in 2016 to $67 billion. Wal-Mart now expects annual earnings to be $4.15 to $4.35 a share this year, excluding some items, compared with a previous forecast of $4 to $4.30. Since taking the helm in 2014, Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon has cut prices and improved customer service while boosting pay for U.S. workers and pouring money into online operations, aiming to stem defections to Amazon. The Waltons -- Alice, Christy, Jim, Lukas and Rob Walton -- are the world’s richest family. They’re ahead of Bill, Charles and David Koch, who have a $106 billion fortune, and Bill Gates and his family, who control $89 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Tesla Shock Means Global Gasoline Demand Has All But Peaked Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wall St inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart Reuters | NEW YORK Aug 19, 2016 02:14 AM IST By Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target and Lowe's Companies the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Bracing for Brexit, UK ramps up borrowing and cuts growth forecasts Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank - it's complicated U.S. factory, consumer sentiment data brighten economic outlook Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower [ more ] Top Stories Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim [ more ] Markets Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Companies Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Donald Trump moderates views but defies conventions Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business MoD's blacklisting policy for arms vendors has few of the promised changes [ more ] Today's Paper Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGuCEe Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Why Wal-Mart and NetApp stocks made big moves on Thursday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Aug 18, 2016 at 5:39PM Stocks vacillated between gains and losses on Thursday before ending the trading session in positive territory. Both the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) edged higher to keep their year-to-date returns at 7%: Today's stock market: Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.13% 23 S&P 500 0.22%  5 Data source: Yahoo Finance. Individual stocks making market-beating moves on Thursday included Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and NetApp (NASDAQ:NTAP). Wal-Mart's customer traffic streak Wal-Mart was the Dow's best performer, rising 2% after announcing solid second-quarter earnings results. Comparable-store sales improved by 1.6% (nearly twice management's forecast), which helped drive revenue and profit figures that beat consensus estimates. Key to that success was the retailer's booking its eighth straight quarter of customer traffic gains, which stood in contrast to rival Target (NYSE:TGT), which earlier in the week posted its first quarterly traffic drop in two years. Image source: Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart managed several other operating wins this quarter, including higher gross profit margin, lower inventory levels, and a greater contribution from the e-commerce segment. "We're pleased with the positive momentum in our business," CEO Doug McMillion said. On the other hand, expenses rose as the company plowed cash into delivering higher in-stock levels in stores and paying associates higher wages. Investors can expect this spending to continue, especially now that it appears the investments are driving improved customer traffic. Cash outlays are also slated to creep higher on Wal-Mart's e-commerce initiatives like its $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. Still, the company boosted its full-year earnings forecast and said that it sees the positive traffic trends continuing into the current quarter, where comps should be about 2%. That streak should give the retailer solid momentum headed into the critical holiday shopping season.  NetApp's slimming cost structure Data management specialist NetApp saw its stock surge higher by 16% following surprisingly strong earnings numbers. Revenue held steady at $1.3 billion, but a drop in product costs, combined with sharply lower operating expenses, drove significant profit improvements. Image source: Getty Images. NetApp generated $129 million of net income compared to $89 million in the year-ago period. That translated into $0.46 per share of earnings, which outpaced consensus estimates calling for $0.36 per share. "Our focus on disciplined execution of our strategy is yielding results and starting to change the trajectory of our business," CEO George Kurian said. NetApp has plenty of challenges to face. An overall weak IT spending environment is pressuring pricing, for one, and investors can see that reflected in a non-GAAP gross profit margin that fell by nearly a full percentage point. It's also unclear how well the company can execute as it cuts spending in critical categories such as sales and marketing and research and development. Kurian and his team believe the cuts don't threaten future growth, but instead are part of a necessary shift to a more streamlined business. They don't compromise NetApp's "ability to deliver innovation and lead the market," executives told investors on a conference call. In the meantime, the company is trying to pivot to higher growth areas such as flash data centers so that it can return to sales growth following three years of declines. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Aug 18, 2016 at 5:39PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $19,064.00 up $40.13 (0.21%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,201.26 down $-1.68 (-0.08%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.74 up $0.62 (0.88%) Target NYSE:TGT $78.85 up $0.98 (1.26%) NetApp NASDAQ:NTAP $36.49 down $0.23 (-0.63%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Here's Why Most Retailers Should Open on Thanksgiving 2 Stocks that Turned $1,000 Into Millions Is It Time to Buy Wal-Mart and Sell Target? How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Wall Street optimistic on Wal-Mart and consumer spending in back half of 2016 by Kim Souza. Published Aug 18th, 2016 3:38 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Wall Street was closely eyeing the results of retail giant Wal-Mart Stores and its second quarter earnings report Thursday (Aug. 18) on the heels of disappointing results from Target the previous day. They liked what they saw. Wal-Mart’s strong second quarter performance, particularly in its U.S. segment and the positive sentiment the retailer gave for the third quarter, were enough to push shares (NYSE: WMT) up about 2% in heavy trading in the Thursday’s morning session. The share price would eventually settle at $74.30, up $1.38, or up 1.89%. During the past 52 weeks the share price has ranged from a $74.80 high to a $56.30 low. In pre-market trading, the share price was rising above the 52-week high. The retailer also raised its full-year earnings guidance to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share from a previous range of $4.00 to $4.30. This forecast includes a 5-cent per share ding from the pending acquisition of Jet.com which is expected to close later this year. U.S. STORE STRENGTH Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran told the media during an earnings call that the higher comps for sales (1.6%) and traffic (1.2%) are a result of in-the-trenches work to improve store execution on everything from fresh offerings, convenient checkouts, better in-stocks and lower inventory levels (down 6.5%). He said it’s like the gearing in a Swiss watch, all the little things when done correctly add up to more than their sum parts. Foran said the retailer’s efforts to have cleaner, more friendly stores are gaining traction. He said the 1.2% bump in store visits and the 0.4% increase in average basket size show that regular customers are shopping more often and picking up an extra item or two. He said the retailer hopes store improvements will eventually draw new traffic away from competitors. However, the first indication the tactics are working is that regular customers responded. He said the turnaround for U.S. stores is still in its early stages but the second quarter results indicate that the retailer is making progress on the multi-year plan. Ben Bienvenue, retail analyst with Stephens Inc., told Talk Business & Politics the low-end consumer appears to be resilient, in part because of sustained lower gasoline prices. He also said management’s decision to raise hourly pay is working as it puts a little more money in the hands of its employees who likely spend it at Walmart. PRICE EVALUATION He said Wal-Mart Stores outperformed his expectations and all of the retailer’s metrics are under review by the Little Rock-based investment firm. That said. Bienvenue adds that the price at $74.40 is a little on the high side relative to the 17-times earnings expected over the next year. He said the broader S&P index has an earnings multiple of 21 times, so there is perhaps a slight discount to Wal-Mart shares. Bienvenue attributed that discount to the lower earnings Wal-Mart forecast through 2018 amid its heavy investments in ecommerce and personnel. (Stephens conducts investment banking services with Wal-Mart and is compensated accordingly.) Recently investor Warren Buffet’s Berkshire Hathaway reduced its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by selling 15 million shares. The investment conglomerate now holds 40.2 million shares of Wal-Mart Stores in its portfolio. Wall Street attributed this move as taking profits off the top given the nearly 19% increase in the share price this year. While the price may be considered a little high by some, Budd Bugatch, analyst with Raymond James & Associates, sees more upside for the retail giant. He too will revise his outlook for Wal-Mart stock based on Thursday’s report. His current target price is $80 per share, but he told the media that the high-end of his range is around $86. Bugatch’s positive sentiment comes with the good financial results from the top to the bottom. He especially liked the improvements in the retailer’s e-commerce sales which were up 11.8%, after just a quarter earlier management was disappointed with the segment. He said the retailer’s efforts to grows its online inventory from 8 million items to start the year to more than 15 million now is likely one of the reasons sales are up. Bugatch said it’s good to see the e-commerce pace accelerating, he reminded investors that the 4,600 stores are the “big dog” for the retail behemoth. For now the investments in people and convenience propositions like Walmart Pay and Grocery Pick-up are beginning to pay off, according to Bugatch. POSITIVE MOMENTUM Wal-Mart Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs told the media that their view on consumer sentiment has been steady because they have not seen a marked change in consumer behavior over the past several quarters. He said lower gasoline prices, food deflation and low interest rates are all positives for consumers. Biggs attributed the solid consumer sentiment as one of the reasons for improved traffic counts at Walmart U.S. Foran said the uptick in store traffic has been evenly balanced across all demographics and between formats. The executives reported no cautionary sentiment displayed by consumers regarding the pending presidential elections. Dana Telsey of the Telsey Advisory Group said Wal-Mart’s positives in the recent quarter were just part of the story given their outlook for the third quarter was also good. Telsey said it looks as if Walmart U.S. has a handle on their in-store operations across the box, not just with fresh food offerings, but also in other areas, including improvements in fashion trends with apparel. CAPITAL ALLOCATION Wal-Mart management gave few details on the pending Jet.com acquisition which is expected to close by the end of the year. Bienvenue said it’s still a wildcard in terms of the impact the $3.3 billion expenditure will have on the retailer’s overall results. He said Wal-Mart continues to shift its capital allocations and the large purchase was unanticipated by many. That said, he agreed that Wal-Mart’s strong financial balance sheet allows such expenditures. The hefty spending calls into question whether or Wal-Mart will continue its aggressive stock repurchase initiative introduced late last year and expected to run through 2019. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon has not mentioned any modifications to the repurchase plans except to say the company repurchased 30.3 million shares for approximately $2.1 billion in the recent quarter. At of the end of the second quarter, the retailer has utilized approximately $7.3 billion of its $20 billion share repurchase authorization. Analysts expect the retailer to give more clarity on its repurchase program in the upcoming meeting for the investment firms which will be held in Bentonville Oct. 5-6. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 0shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Circulars News and weather for: [change] Business Wednesday, Nov. 23, 2016    Last update: 1:42 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Wall Street inches up with energy, Wal-Mart gains Print Email Share Tweet By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters Posted Aug. 18, 2016, at 5:22 p.m. NEW YORK — Stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil’s rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target and Lowe’s the previous day. The energy index jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. Story continues below advertisement. “With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it’s been a good year, especially for value investors,” said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day’s decliners, the telecommunications index fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data.   Recommend this article SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« Gawker.com, brash and breezy internet mainstay, to shut down Next story:AT&T, Apple, Google to crack down on robocalls » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Bath-built destroyer breaks down, towed out of Panama Canal Bangor police explain why woman not charged in possible hate crime assault St. Clair: $40M in private funds ‘go away’ if monument abolished Texas man summoned in Smyrna hit and run crash State police search for suspect in Smyrna hit-and-run ‘Hamilton’ and the implosion of the American left Where are the voices of indigenous people in the Thanksgiving story? Addiction is a disease, not a moral failing. Our policies should reflect that. A Cookbook full of Recipes and Memories Maine should be thankful for its legacy of environmental stewardship Freshman working hard, making impact for UMaine hockey team 5 Keys for Maine football’s off season Hampton University upends cold-shooting UMaine women Thirteen teams to participate in John Bapst preseason hockey tournament Ironman 70.3 event to be held in Old Orchard Beach next summer CATCHING HEALTH The story of a mother and her young son and their fight against Lyme Disease STATE & CAPITOL Maine officials aren’t sure what to make of Trump’s infrastructure plan yet FIDDLEHEAD FOCUS Pelletier Avenue controversy continues OUT THERE First big buck, and ‘My dad was there in spirit’ FIDDLEHEAD FOCUS Woman facing charges for using jailed boyfriend’s EBT card Residents, camp owners on Irving leased lots still waiting on development plans Belfast food truck owners moving up to full-scale downtown restaurant Fuel your holiday shopping spree with treats from these Bangor Mall-area eateries New magazine based in Deer Isle aims to captivate older hikers When your little boys grow up Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs The Day Job Metric vs. Merit Metric vs. Merit Stirring the Pot Stirring the Pot So, the Election Was Rigged After All Maine Broadband Coalition Maine Broadband Coalition What We Can Expect: Federal Support for Rural Broadband Deployment Top Stories 59 mins ago Pantsuit Nation’s founder refuses to be defeated by Clinton’s loss 3 hours ago Deer season keeping small butcher operations busy 2 hours ago The solution to hunger could be in Maine’s own back yard Why Maine’s Electoral College rules were important this year 57 mins ago Maine Department of Corrections reviewing policies following transgender teen’s death 46 mins ago Bangor PD: AG’s office determines alleged assault not racially motivated 36 mins ago A Maine father’s proud moment: Son bags his first deer St. Clair: $40M in private funds ‘go away’ if monument abolished Similar Articles 11.25.2014 Amid below-average trading volume, Wall Street marks more record highs 12.23.2014 Dow Jones makes history by closing above 18,000 3.27.2015 Wall Street ends 4-day skid on late tech rally 12.26.2014 Wall Street ends at record in second straight weekly gain 5.10.2013 Wall Street ends up, posts third week of gains More in Business   Belfast food truck owners moving up to full-scale downtown restaurant   Scramble underway to assess impact of President-elect Trump’s global business empire   Changing US trade policy may not bring back jobs, but may raise sneaker prices   Canada accelerates plan to phase out coal power   Beware of bogus delivery notices as holidays approach Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video More Weather Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 84 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest New Neighborhood Market hiring in Cape Coral A temporary hiring center has opened at Cypress Center on Del Prado Boulevard Post to Facebook New Neighborhood Market hiring in Cape Coral A temporary hiring center has opened at Cypress Center on Del Prado Boulevard  Check out this story on news-press.com: http://newspr.es/1VgNN7S {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. New Neighborhood Market hiring in Cape Coral Special to The News-press 1:59 p.m. EDT May 24, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Walmart Stores Inc ( WMT.N ) on Thursday reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as sales in the U.S. market rose, sending the retailer's shares up nearly 10 percent. USA TODAY Walmart is bringing a new Neighborhood Market to Cape Coral. (Photo: Getty Images) 84 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Wal-Mart is bringing a new Neighborhood Market to Cape Coral. Opening this summer, the store is already benefiting the community by providing up to 95 additional jobs. A temporary hiring center has opened at Cypress Center, 229 Del Prado Blvd. N., Suite 12. Applications will be accepted Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Tuesday and Thursday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Saturday from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Interested applicants may also apply online at http://careers.walmart.com. The majority of new associates will begin work in July to help prepare the store for its grand opening. According to store manager Tanya Parrish, the store will be hiring full- and part-time associates. “We are excited to bring new jobs and new grocery option to Cape Coral,” said Parrish. THE NEWS-PRESS Walmart worker an everyday hero Wal-Mart provides a benefits program to eligible full- and part-time associates. For example, it provides a variety of affordable health and well-being benefits including health-care coverage with no lifetime maximum. Wal-Mart also offers eligible associates matching 401(k) contributions of up to 6 percent of pay, discounts on general merchandise, an Associate Stock Purchase Program and company-paid life insurance. Additionally, eligible associates receive a quarterly cash bonus based on store performance. A job at Wal-Mart means competitive pay and career opportunities. Last year, Wal-Mart promoted more almost 19,000 of its associates in Florida to jobs with higher pay and more responsibility. In addition, almost 10,000 in Florida were converted from part-time to full-time. In addition, Wal-Mart will offer a job to any eligible U.S. veteran honorably discharged from active duty since the Veterans Welcome Home Commitment began on Memorial Day 2013. Since that time, more than 120,000 veterans nationwide have found positions with Wal-Mart. Interested veterans may find out more at http://walmartcareerswithamission.com. These 95 new associates in Cape Coral will join the team of 104,228 Wal-Mart associates in Florida. ♦ RELATED NEWS ♦ Estero's first Walmart spurring economic activity Walmart rolls out online ordering in Southwest Florida Chico's names former Walmart exec as new CEO 84 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/1VgNN7S TOP VIDEOS Who is Nikki Haley? 1:30 TSA: These things didn't make it on to a SWFL airplane Sept and Oct 1:08 Better than an apple. Second grade teacher wins new car. 1:26 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Deputy-involved shooting in south Fort Myers 1:19 Inside SWFL Football: Week 13 6:55 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Hogs And Air Dogs Fly Again 1:09 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 News-Press Election Update: 7pm Florida Polls Close 16:10 News-Press Election Update: 8pm Mailbag Reader Debate 16:42 News-Press Election Update: 9pm Poll Update 14:39 Boca Grande: The Harbor Pilot 2:04 Save Our Water: moderated panel 17:52 Inside SWFL Football: Week 11 6:31 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Dress for Success SWFL focused on inspiring women 1:35 'I will not give up.' Dress for Success SWFL leader focused on helping women 1:11 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Experience the Florida International Air Show 1:40 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 Are your kids consuming too much media? 1:07 'We're getting justice.' Family rejoices in charging of murder suspect 1:16 Stowaway snake emerges from car hood in rush hour 0:33 Iraqi forces push to take back Mosul 0:52 More Stories 5 reasons to be thankful to live in Cape Coral Nov. 23, 2016, 9 a.m. Lee County Arrests, Nov. 22, 2016 Nov. 23, 2016, 8:49 a.m. Native son Bill Mellor preserved key Lee County waters Nov. 23, 2016, 8:13 a.m. 70 SWFL restaurants (and counting) open for Thanksgiving Nov. 21, 2016, 5:43 p.m.
Home News Community Opinion Sports Obituaries Public Notices Photo Gallery Classifieds Special Publications Athletes of the Week Business Directory Beauty Spot Pets of the Week Rack Locations Subscriptions Contact Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Eastgate Walmart kicks off grocery pickup August 18th, 2016    Author: Administrator    Filed Under: News From left, Eastgate Walmart free online grocery pickup service customer Christina Royse is helped by department associates Mariah Gunsburgh, center, and Juanita Copley. Royse was the first customer to utilize the service, which the store launched on Aug. 9, 2016.By Megan Alley Sun staff After much anticipation, Eastgate Walmart launched its free online grocery pickup service on Aug. 9. “Our customers have been asking for this,” said Jenn Fuller, assistant manager for the store’s online grocery department. The service allows customers to order groceries online, with a $30 minimum, and pick them up at the store’s specially designated side door. And because the department’s staff will load the items into shoppers’ cars, drivers won’t even have to unbuckle their seatbelts. “I think that getting time back with your family is the biggest thing,” said Denis Philips, store manager. “A lot of folks will come in, and they’ll shop for two hours with their kids, and they’re tired already. Now, we do the picking, load your car up, and you’re done.” While Wal-Mart Stores Inc. launched the service in early 2015, the Eastgate store is the first in its market, which includes the Amelia Walmart and several stores throughout northern Kentucky, to offer the amenity, according to Fuller. The store has been gearing up for the launch for the past six months. “The service has been really well-received,” Fuller said, adding, “Basically, we’re setting the tone for the rest of our market to go online.” To use the service, customers need to sign up online or download the mobile application, which is currently only available through the Apple’s App Store. Customers can scroll through and select from hundreds of different products from a number of departments, including produce, meat, deli, beverages, health and beauty, baby, pets, household and laundry and toys and video games. “It’s definitely more than just groceries,” Fuller added. The department does business from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., and same-day service is available; orders placed by 2 a.m. may be picked up as early as 8 a.m., and orders placed by 10 a.m. may be picked up as early as 2 p.m. Customers may also choose a pickup time a few days out. When the online order is finalized, and the pickup date has arrived, it’s assigned to one of the department’s nine hand-selected staff members, who take to the aisles of the store to collect the goods. “In hiring staff for the department, we were looking for people who do the shopping for their own families, and who enjoy it,” Fuller explained. She added, “We wanted people who pay attention to details and who would be just as selective about choosing products for customers as they would be if they were shopping for their own families.” Bekah Barger, who worked for a year as the store’s support manager, feels “very blessed” that she was asked to join the team; she is now the manager for the department. “I love that it’s a new experience,” she said. After the order has been “shopped,” it’s housed in a staging area; online instructions prompt the customer to call the department 15 minutes ahead of their arrival to allow staff to prepare the order for load-in. Christina Royse, who lives in the Eastgate area, was the service’s first customer. “I hate to grocery shop so this is perfect for me,” she said. To learn more about and sign up for Eastgate Walmart’s free online grocery pick up service, visit the website at www.walmart.com/grocery. SHARE: « Moscow bicentennial event to be held in September Project highlights Underground Railroad sites » Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   Batavia, Ohio Mostly cloudy52°F real feel: 56°F humidity: 48% wind speed: 1 m/s SSE   Popular Recent Comments Tags Voters reject West Clermont school levy November 7, 2012 · 11 Comments Eastgate interchanges to open soon July 16, 2015 · 10 Comments DAN BARE What would Jefferson think? July 8, 2011 · 9 Comments Man sentenced for abduction April 8, 2015 · 9 Comments DAN BARE Extreme disrespect displayed by NBC June 30, 2011 · 7 Comments Miami Township holds 13th Annual Holiday Parade November 23, 2016 · No comments Felicity FFA attends soils contest November 17, 2016 · No comments Grant recognizes Business of the Month November 17, 2016 · No comments Lip sync battle raises funds for CCDD November 17, 2016 · No comments A Christmas Carol brings the spirits of the season to life November 17, 2016 · No comments Marie: We the voters remember why we need extra checks and balances in this i... Scott Kube: & a HUGE THANK YOU to the Goshen High School Random Acts of Kindne... Scott Kube: Thank you Clermont Sun for covering this event for us! Our team ha... Heather Smith: This breaks my heart. I was her HHA long ago and she was one of the sw... Steven Neff: The congressman misrepresents the right for a woman to choose with "pr... Amelia Barons Football Amelia Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Basketball Amelia Lady Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Volleyball Batavia Bulldogs Football Batavia Bulldogs Soccer Batavia Lady Bulldogs Volleyball Bethel Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Soccer Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Volleyball Bethel-Tate Tigers Football Bethel-Tate Tigers Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Volleyball Clermont Northeastern Rockets Football Evans Funeral Home Felicity-Franklin Cardinals Softball Felicity-Franklin Lady Cardinals Volleyball Glen Este Lady Trojans Soccer Glen Este Lady Trojans Volleyball Glen Este Trojans Football Glen Este Trojans Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Basketball Goshen Lady Warriors Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Volleyball Goshen Warriors Basketball Goshen Warriors Football Milford Eagles Football Milford Eagles Soccer Milford Lady Eagles Soccer Milford Lady Eagles Volleyball New Richmond Lady Lions Basketball New Richmond Lady Lions Soccer New Richmond Lady Lions Volleyball New Richmond Lions Football New Richmond Lions Soccer November 2010 terri schlichenmeyer the bookworm sez UC Clermont Cougars Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Soccer Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Volleyball Williamsburg Wildcats Basketball Williamsburg Wildcats Football 465 East Main Street · Batavia, Ohio 45103 Phone: 513.732.2511 · Fax 513.732.6344 · E-mail info@clermontsun.com Copyright © 2011-16 Clermont Sun Publishing Company.
null

Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Weather: 3 Severe Weather Alerts for 55802 Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Current Show The Rush Limbaugh Show 11AM–2PM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Sean Hannity Show 2PM–5PM The Mark Levin Show 5PM–8PM The Savage Nation 8PM–11PM Current Weather (55811) 34° Search Our Site Search The Rush Limbaugh Show 11AM–2PM News Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart Wall St. inches up with energy gain, Wal-Mart Thursday, August 18, 2016 6:32 a.m. CDT By Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart to a 14-month high. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target and Lowe's Companies the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Comments Top Stories Twin Ports Thanksgiving Buffet At The DECC Wednesday, November 23 Gobble Gallop Downtown On Thursday Wednesday, November 23 Superior-Douglas County Random Acts Of Kindness Wednesday, November 23 Visit Duluth Releases 2015 Tourism Study Wednesday, November 23 Hagen Resigns And Appointed Interim Mayor Wednesday, November 23 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2016 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North Facebook twitter Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Business August 17, 2016 8:19 PM SCDOT to Walmart: Stop working on Bluffton roads Motorists drive past the new median that divides the Bluffton Road entrance to Kittie's Crossing shopping center on Friday. Since it was put in late last month, the median has generated a number of complaints from customers and businesses at the center, and has been the cause of at least three accidents. Jay Karr jkarr@islandpacket.com facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:38 'Now not a good time to be flying around' on local waterways Pause 1:01 Recruits at Parris Island set to enjoy a Thanksgiving meal with all the trimmings 0:39 Stranded boat owners need one more miracle 4:56 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless 1:37 'It sounded like a million chainsaws' as Palmetto Bay Marina suffered through Hurricane Matthew 0:13 Palmetto Bay Marina damage 1:02 Palmetto Bay Marina after Hurricane Matthew 3:55 Gov. Nikki Haley talks about her meeting with President-elect Donald Trump 1:41 More than CPR — The argument for defibrillators in all patrol cars 3:09 Gov. Haley: Thrilled Trump won but there's work for Republicans to do Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Morgan Olivares, manager at the La Hacienda Mexican Restaurant in Bluffton, told The Island Packet & Beaufort Gazette on Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2016, that the recently added median along the entry to Kittie's Crossing shopping center off Bluffton Road is not just a "very big inconvenience" to customers and employees, it's also causing a danger to drivers. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com 1 of 2 i By Madison Hogan mhogan@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The state has ordered Walmart to stop all road construction in Greater Bluffton after its recent installment of a median at the Kittie’s Corner shopping center drew fire from residents. The median is across the street from the site where the retailer is currently building two stores. Michael Black, a representative of the state Department of Transportation, said the retailer received an encroachment permit which gave it permission to work within the right of way. The median, SCDOT said, is not within that right of way. Until the SCDOT can verify Walmart has an agreement with property owners, the retailer cannot continue right of way work needed for the new stores — a supercenter and a Sam’s Club — Black said Wednesday. That includes the right-hand turn from Fording Island Road onto Bluffton Road and the intersection between the construction site and Kittie’s Crossing, where a traffic light is planned. The retailer was allowed to pave Tuesday night to address safety concerns on the street, but it is not permitted to continue any other work, according to Black. Josh Gruber, the deputy county administrator, said the county required the Walmart site to be accessible by a signalized intersection before approving the development. He said if the traffic light was not built and approved by the time the construction of the supercenter and Sam’s Club was finished, the county could not issue the retailer a certificate of occupancy — meaning no one could enter the buildings. “I would be very surprised if Walmart was not able to resolve this matter with the (Kittie’s Crossing) landowner before it gets to that point,” he said Wednesday. The order comes after the retailer admitted Aug. 12 through a company spokesman that it built an elongated median at the Kittie’s Crossing Bluffton Road entrance in preparation for the traffic light. Walmart does not own the property where the median is built, and Black has said SCDOT cannot give permission for the retailer to build on private property. “The median is required by the S.C. Department of Transportation as part of the construction of our new store and nearby traffic light,” Phillip Keene, director of corporate communications for Walmart, wrote in the email Aug. 12. “We’re actively working with the primary property owner of the private drive near the median to address some concerns that have been brought to our attention. We hope to provide a further update soon.” The Island Packet and The Beaufort Gazette received the statement from Louise Dixon, president of public relations at Chernoff Newman in Charlotte, on behalf of Keene, Walmart’s spokesman. When asked whether Walmart had permission to build the median last week, Dixon said she is not a spokeswoman for Walmart. However, she said, it is one of the issues being discussed. Keene said Walmart was in the process of drafting a statement Wednesday afternoon. It had not arrived by press time. The question remains whether Walmart had permission from the property owners to build the median. The land in question is owned by North Bluffton Properties. Last week, the property owner, Paul Terefenko, refused to comment about the median or whether the retailer received permission to build it. The median has caused worry among business owners and confusion for drivers in the area. There have been at least three reported car accidents within the area since the median was installed. Madison Hogan: 843-706-8137, @MadisonHogan Related content Restaurant manager: New Bluffton median 'big inconvenience' LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:39 Stranded boat owners need one more miracle Pause 4:56 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless 0:52 White alligator gets a check-up 1:01 Recruits at Parris Island set to enjoy a Thanksgiving meal with all the trimmings 1:37 'It sounded like a million chainsaws' as Palmetto Bay Marina suffered through Hurricane Matthew 0:13 Palmetto Bay Marina damage 1:02 Palmetto Bay Marina after Hurricane Matthew 3:55 Gov. Nikki Haley talks about her meeting with President-elect Donald Trump 1:41 More than CPR — The argument for defibrillators in all patrol cars 3:09 Gov. Haley: Thrilled Trump won but there's work for Republicans to do Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car so he made it up to them 2:02 a day ago Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car so he made it up to them 0:39 21 hours ago Stranded boat owners need one more miracle 0:45 a day ago 'A winter wonderland at the beach': Ice skating is coming to Shelter Cove View more video Business How responsible are you with your credit card? Here are the South Carolina cities that spend wisely You’re eager for Cyber Monday, but here’s how to stay safe while shopping online A look at 4 trends for the 2016 holiday shopping season US rig count up 5 this week to 593; Pennsylvania up 4 Gov't wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, raises fiscal-year outlook By Reuters Published: 14:54 EST, 18 August 2016 | Updated: 14:54 EST, 18 August 2016 e-mail By Nandita Bose Aug 18 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on Thursday, saying it benefited from cleaner and more efficient U.S. stores, investments in technology that improved online shopping and higher employee wages that fostered better customer service. The world's largest retailer has been spending heavily to entice consumers back to its stores with better stocked shelves, and improving its e-commerce business by investing in new warehouses that can deliver online shipments faster. Last week, it announced the acquisition of online startup Jet.com for over $3 billion to better compete with Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart also increased entry level wages to $10 an hour earlier this year and said it will invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years, a move it said contributed to improved service in its stores. These steps, analysts said, helped Wal-Mart to raise its fiscal-year forecast and buck a string of weak results from higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp , Macy's Inc and Kohls Corp. Target cut its fiscal-year profit outlook on Wednesday after quarterly sales fell more than expected. Wal-Mart U.S. Chief Executive Officer Greg Foran said on a conference call that the company's customers were still cautious with their spending but were visiting stores more often and buying more items. Store visits increased 1.2 percent, and the average size of an order rose 0.4 percent during the second quarter ended on July 31. "We are seeing a steady improvement in the U.S. business, and it is responding favorably to the changes we are making," he said. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company said sales were strong for grocery items and apparel but weak for electronics. "Walmart's strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. The retailer said it was difficult to quantify the effects of low gasoline prices and unseasonably warm weather, but those factors contributed to overall sales growth. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in more than five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said e-commerce growth was stronger in the United States than in major overseas markets, mainly because of its larger third-party seller business and the continued roll-out of online grocery pickup options. Wal-Mart has added 7 million items to its website this year, bringing the total to 15 million. This compares with 200 million on online rival Amazon.com Inc. The company raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share, including an estimated hit of 5 cents from the Jet.com acquisition, from a previous range of $4 to $4.30. Second-quarter earnings per share of $1.07, excluding a gain from the sale of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business in China and other items, exceeded the analysts' average estimate by 5 cents. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel prices, to beat expectations in their eighth straight quarter of growth. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Total revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion. Wal-Mart's shares rose as much as 2.8 percent earlier in the trading day. They were up 1.8 percent at $74.23 in afternoon trade. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Sizzling Joanna Krupa displays her incredible toned physique as she parades around in teeny tiny bikini while soaking up the sun in Miami Beach babe  Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Travel Blogs Photos Videos Property TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos ALL News Home » Business » India Business Why are FIIs going light on these 20 stocks? 10 stocks that gave over 40% return last year Top fund managers bought stocks you sold in July STREET UPDATE: Who moved my market today Commodities: Gold | Crude | Base metals F&O view: Call writing at 8,600, 8,700 to cap Tree House-Zee Learn deal: All that you must know Why you should pray for a market correction ASAP Birla wants to feed the financial services 'animal' Stks, bonds rally as mkt-friendly RBI Guv awaited Nirma, Lafarge cement Rs 9000 crore deal Piramal books a ride on Siva’s Utoo Experian launches CrossCore for intra-bank Corporates switching to eco-friendly PET bottles RBI cracks whip to stop ATM fraud Sensex tanks 133 pts in early trade on Asian cues Sensex slumps to 3-week low, sinks 215 points HUL splits foods and refreshments portfolio Sebi moots new norms for warehouses in comex space 10 Indian companies in 25 top workplaces list for Will the global markets be awash with cheap money Business, recruitment in China hit record lows European Union is 'falling apart', Soros warns China official says no plans to devalue yuan New IMF chief to be selected soon Facebook will counter hate speech in Europe Toyota recalls 6.5 mn vehicles globally over window Sensex climbs 180 points on GST hopes Flipkart-owned Myntra acquires Jabong Sensex rallies 464 pts Sensex bounces 99 points, Nifty above 7,800 Sensex soars 326 points, Nifty reclaims 7,800-mark in early trade Infosys overtakes TCS to become the ‘most valued stock’ Nila Infra bags EPC contract worth crores New water absorbent product 'Zeba' HPCL to set up largest LPG plant 'Focus on operational efficiency' Power Grid Q1 beats estimates July WPI inflation at 2-yr high Brazil co with Future, Walmart eye food retail A Brazilian company along with Kishore Biyani's Future Group has shown interest in entering the food retail after a new window for foreign direct investment was opened, a top government official said, adding that global retail giant Walmart has also shown interest.TNN | Aug 18, 2016, 03.01 AM IST NEW DELHI: A Brazilian company along with Kishore Biyani's Future Group has shown interest in entering the food retail after a new window for foreign direct investment was opened, a top government official said, adding that global retail giant Walmart has also shown interest. The government recently allowed 100% FDI in food retail with the rider that the products have to be produced or manufactured in the country. Although no player has so far entered the segment, government officials have maintained that there is a lot of interest from several players. "Walmart is showing lot of interest. Now, we are hoping they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country," food processing secretary A K Srivastava said at a press conference. He also said that a leading Brazilian poultry company had met him but did not disclose its identity. "A Brazilian company claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us yesterday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets." When contacted, a Future Group executive said: "We are always in talks with multinational food companies and the Brazilian company may sell its products through our stores." Walmart's name has been doing the rounds for a possible entry into the arena, but the Indian arm of the world's largest retailer said it is evaluating options. "This step (100% FDI) will help in reducing wastage, help in farm diversification and encourage industry to produce locally within the country. This move will benefit farmers, give impetus to food processing industry and create vast employment opportunities in the country. We are evaluating the model as per the guidelines announced," Walmart India president & CEO Krish Iyer said. Walmart is currently operating in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country, which does not allow it to sell directly to consumers but instead confine itself to large buyers such as restaurants, canteens and even retailers. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Rio Olympics 2016Rio 2016 Olympics Live Update Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular With comments on Balochistan, PM signals no more unnecessary restraint on Kashmir: Experts Why scientists of Indian origin are leaving a better life and returning to India ‘Thanks, PM Modi’: Balochi activists thank him for raising the issue AirAsia to add new cities under its wings, says Amar Abrol In a conversation, Amar Abrol, CEO, AirAsia India talks about expansion of the company. The airline has added Hyderabad to it's network of destinations and is aiming to connect it with Bengaluru, Goa and Guwahati. Power Grid's Q1 profit up 33% at Rs 1,801.77 crore State-run Power Grid Corporation today reported a 33 per cent growth in standalone net profit at Rs 1,801.77 crore for the quarter ended June 30. The company had clocked a net profit of Rs 1,355.64 crore in the year-ago period, Power Grid said in a BSE filing. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Snapdeal closes fashion portal 1 yr after acquisition ChrysCapital set for Rs 600cr stake in Hero FinCorp Cisco layoff likely to impact India R&D Organised wholesale makes a splash Gold demand may pick up in second half of 2016, say experts Bank employees to protest against merger of SBI & associate banks South Indian Bank promises Rs 1 crore to Kochi Biennale FPIs prefer direct route over P-Notes to invest in India: PwC survey Indian CFOs optimistic about revenue growth but still divided on taking risks 1Brazil co with Future, Walmart eye food retail 2Snapdeal closes fashion portal 1 yr after acquisition 3ChrysCapital set for Rs 600cr stake in Hero FinCorp 4Cisco layoff likely to impact India R&D 5Organised wholesale makes a splash 6Gold demand may pick up in second half of 2016, say experts 7Bank employees to protest against merger of SBI & associate banks 8South Indian Bank promises Rs 1 crore to Kochi Biennale 9FPIs prefer direct route over P-Notes to invest in India: PwC survey 10Indian CFOs optimistic about revenue growth but still divided on taking risks About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web New Cars | Real Estate | Cricket News | Delhi To Leh Bus Service | Sultan Box office Prediction Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Compare Mobile Phones | Bollywood News Trending Topics Best of Savdhaan India | Kamasutra | Beauty Care | Recipes | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Rio 2016: Biles wins record-equalling fourth gold with floor victory 'Act of God': Ruinous flooding catches Louisiana off guard What is No Man’s Sky? Tips for new galactic explorers Russia uses Iranian airbase to strike IS targets in Syria Google Hangouts may see new target audience post Duo, Allo rollout Bangladesh central bank says withholding heist probe info from 'foreign perpetrators' Wholesale inflation soars to 23-mth high Akshay Kumar: Hrithik Roshan and I are still friends Rio Olympics: Vikas Krishan ousted, boxers sign off without medal Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Back to school price comparison shows it matters where you shop - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Holiday Give Giveaway Slideshows Viewer Pics Holiday Season 2016 Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Decision 2016 Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 Back to school price comparison shows it matters where you shop 2016-08-12T11:10:40Z2016-08-12T15:00:29Z By Meredith Helline, Reporter Email Connect mhelline@wmbfnews.com (Source: WMBF News) MYRTLE BEACH, SC (WMBF) - If you missed tax free weekend, don't worry too much.  Sales are still going on at most stores and you won't be the only one checking items off your child's back to school supply list.  WMBF News decided to price out the most common items from three different stores to help save you money. WMBF News reporter Meredith Helline took a look at your school lists and found out the best places to buy.  She found many prices are comparable, but when it comes to bigger items like expandable folders and backpacks, it does matter where you shop. Back to school shopping is something to look forward to for many students.  Adrienne Shaub is an Horry County school parent and Target employee.  She's watched the shelves at the store load up and be picked away to emptiness.  Now, she said, they're clearing out the warehouses and the last of back to school supplies are stocked, with great sales. "We're very, very busy, usually back to school time is our busiest time besides Christmas," Shaub said. While kids have fun picking out new backpacks, parents are looking at the prices.  Looking at our local school supply lists, we know your receipt reflects where your child goes to school.  Some lists are long, others are short.  WMBF News visited Target, Walmart and Office Max to see what's the best deal on the biggest items. Composition notebooks run at 50 cents at both Walmart and Target.  A 24-pack of Crayola Crayons also runs at 50 cents at those stores.  However, they were sold out Thursday at Myrtle Beach's Walmart Supercenter.   Despite sell-outs, coupons are still flowing on top of the in-store sales.  Shaub wanted to remind people that not all paper and online coupons will be honored at stores.  She said coupons are very specific as to what they apply to.  So, not every thing you see online will be the same in stores.  WMBF News found the best prices at Walmart and Target inside the store, while Office Max was a mix of both. "Throughout the seasons they will have certain items on sale.  So like right now there's a whole category just on specific sales within the school department that the guest can use on top of sales and like manufactured coupons and stuff," Shaub said. We looked at top back to school items that aren't similarly priced from store to store.  This is what we found: For backpacks, Jansport is a popular brand and $34.99 at Target right now. The same brand is cheaper at Walmart at $31.45.  However, there are fewer to choose from.  All three stores have other backpacks as well; online, Walmart shows children's backpacks lower than $5 dollars.  The stores also all have sales on their backpacks right now. A four pack of EXPO markers is on sale at Target for $3.47.  At Office Max: $7.89.  Sharpies are popular; you can get a 10 pack of Sharpies on sale for $5 at Target, or a 12-pack for $12.49 at Office Max.  We found Target carries items like pens in packs of 10, while Walmart and Office Max carry them more often is packages of eight and 12.  Loose-leaf paper is probably one of the hottest things to buy.   At Office Max, they have 100 count packs for one cent.  At Walmart, 82 cents for a 150 sheet pack.  At Target, 50 cents for 100 sheets. We found it matters where you shop.  Breaking things out by category, Office Max has the lowest prices for paper and ballpoint pens.  Target and Walmart are in the same range, though. Target came through with the best prices, durability and selection of expandable folders.  Don't forget about school necessities like paper towels, facial tissue, hand sanitizer and plastic lunch baggies.  Those show up on almost all supply lists.  We found Walmart has the lowest prices on those: 180 baggies per Ziploc box for $3.92. Copyright 2016 WMBF News. All rights reserved. Back to school price comparison shows it matters where you shopMore>> Summer's Almost Over! Back to School Back to School Find all the news and information you need for the 2015-2016 school year hereMore >> Find all the news and information you need for the 2015-2016 school year hereMore >> Local NewsLocalMore>> Breaking UPDATE: Suspect charged in connection with deadly Conway shooting UPDATE: Suspect charged in connection with deadly Conway shooting Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 2:04 PM EST2016-11-23 19:04:05 GMT Crime scene tape around the scene of the shooting in Dillon St. in Conway. (Source: Jonathan Dick) A taxi-cab driver was found dead after a shooting on Dillon Street in Conway Monday morning, confirmed Horry County Deputy Coroner Tony Hendricks. More >> A taxi-cab driver was found dead after a shooting on Dillon Street in Conway Monday morning, confirmed Horry County Deputy Coroner Tony Hendricks.More >> Local students participate in Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Local students participate in Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:52 PM EST2016-11-23 18:52:35 GMT Participants are preparing for the Macy's Day Parade 2016. (Source: Spirit of America Productions) Three St. James High School students will be participating in this year’s Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City, according to officials from Spirit of America Productions.More >> Three St. James High School students will be participating in this year’s Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City, according to officials from Spirit of America Productions.More >> Local police departments offer Thanksgiving travel tips Local police departments offer Thanksgiving travel tips Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:25 PM EST2016-11-23 18:25:33 GMT Travel tips (Source: Myrtle Beach PD's Facebook page) Thanksgiving has been constantly known as the most traveled holiday of the year, and law enforcement is encouraging everyone to be safe on roadways. More >> Thanksgiving has been constantly known as the most traveled holiday of the year, and law enforcement is encouraging everyone to be safe on roadways. More >> Local counties release list of closed offices for Thanksgiving 2016 Local counties release list of closed offices for Thanksgiving 2016 Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:13 PM EST2016-11-23 17:13:38 GMT Several local offices and businesses in the Grand Strand and Pee Dee will be closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, according to local counties' websites. More >> Several local offices and businesses in the Grand Strand and Pee Dee will be closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, according to local counties' websites.More >> Construction of stage at Chapin Park underway Construction of stage at Chapin Park underway Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:07 PM EST2016-11-23 17:07:29 GMT (Source: City of Myrtle Beach) Improvements to Chapin Park in the City of Myrtle Beach are taking shape, with construction underway on a stage, which is expected to be complete early next year. The stage is one of several improvements that have come to the park in the past few months to make the park more functional for additional events, according to the city. More >> Improvements to Chapin Park in the City of Myrtle Beach are taking shape, with construction underway on a stage, which is expected to be complete early next year. The stage is one of several improvements that have come to the park in the past few months to make the park more functional for additional events, according to the city.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 9:48 AM EST2016-11-22 14:48:36 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 10:54 AM EST2016-11-23 15:54:14 GMT John Blauvelt (Source: Simpsonville PD) Hannah Thompson (Source: Fountain Inn Police Department) Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October.  More >> Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October. More >> Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Thirty-five children had been riding on a bus police said was traveling too fast Monday afternoon when it veered off a narrow, winding road and crashed into a tree on the way home from elementary school. More >> D'Myunn Brown liked to play little tricks on grown-ups. The 6-year-old would snatch a cell phone, hide it, then giggle and bat his big brown eyes with long, thick lashes.More >> Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-23 16:38:22 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Four of the five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> All five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Police officers, one wearing a Hazmat suit, stand outside the apartment where two young children were found living in squalor, one of them harnessed to a bed. (Source: WFXT/CNN) The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT ‘As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly’More >> A classic TV show's unforgettable and hilarious Thanksgiving episode has endured through the ages.More >> World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the unfolding investigation of the tragedy is finished, the water park's...More >> A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the investigations of the tragedy are finished, the water park's operators said.More >> PD: Child was present as couple engaged in sexual activity in car PD: Child was present as couple engaged in sexual activity in car Posted: Monday, November 21 2016 7:46 PM EST2016-11-22 00:46:48 GMT Updated: Monday, November 21 2016 7:46 PM EST2016-11-22 00:46:49 GMT Officers arrested 27-year-old Rory Clark, of West Haven, and 28-year-old Kimberly Onorato, of Bristol. (Orange police) Police in Orange arrested two people after they said the couple was engaged in sexual activity in a car while a 6-year-old was in the back seat.More >> Police in Orange arrested two people after they said the couple was engaged in sexual activity in a car while a 6-year-old was in the back seat.More >> Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 9:22 AM EST2016-11-23 14:22:53 GMT Gov. Nikki Haley has reportedly accepted a role as U.N. Ambassador in President-elect Donald Trump's administration. (Source: Governor's Office) South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. More >> South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.More >> Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-23 11:18:14 GMT (Michael Clark | WBTV) Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM. More >> Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM.More >> Woman, baby rescued from SUV submerged in watery ditch Woman, baby rescued from SUV submerged in watery ditch Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 10:48 AM EST2016-11-23 15:48:33 GMT A woman and a child are recovering after their SUV crashed and submerged in water. (Source: Shayne Wright/ KSLA New 12) A woman and a child are recovering after they were rescued from an SUV that was found upside down submerged in a water-filled ditch Wednesday morning. It happened around 7:45 a.m. in the 9400 block of Stevens Road.  Firefighters on scene say a woman and an infant were in an SUV that was involved in a crash with a Shreveport permits and inspections Jeep. The city Jeep was traveling south trying to make a left turn when it clipped the northbound SUV submerging it into the watery... More >> A woman and a child are recovering after they were rescued from an SUV that was found upside down submerged in a water-filled ditch Wednesday morning. It happened around 7:45 a.m. in the 9400 block of Stevens Road.  Firefighters on scene say a woman and an infant were in an SUV that was involved in a crash with a Shreveport permits and inspections Jeep. The city Jeep was traveling south trying to make a left turn when it clipped the northbound SUV submerging it into the watery...More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Search for: The Mountain Jackpot News Main menu Skip to content Home Almanac Victor Happenings Classifieds General Business Stories Letters News Woodland Park Cripple Creek Police Commentary Mike Parish Beth Dodd Eli Stone Photo Gallery Sponsors/Ad COS Airport Status/Delays TMJ Distribution Centers Contact Us Obituaries Colorado Alternatives Special Section Videos Sub menu Almanac Week of 8.16.16 Tuesday, August 16 The Green Mountain Falls Board of Trustees will meet on Aug. 16 at 6:30 p.m. in the GMF Town Hall. Wednesday, August 17 TSC (Teller Senior Coalition) Transit is excited to announce our bus service on Wednesdays in Woodland Park. This is a joint venture with Cripple Creek Transit to provide much needed transportation service between Cripple Creek and Woodland Park. TSC Transit will be picking up from the Senior Center and will be making stops at Pikes Peak Family Medicine, Pikes Peak Regional Hospital, City Market, Safeway, Walgreens, Walmart, and the Department of Social Services upon request. Call 719-687-0256 for more details or visit the TSC website at www.tellerseniorcoalition.com for a full schedule of pick up and drop off times. The Cripple Creek City Council will meet on Aug. 17 at 5:30 p.m. in the CC Council Chambers. The council will hold a workshop at 4 p.m. on lighting of buildings in the downtown district. Thursday, August 18 TOPS, Take Off Pounds Sensibly. The original nonprofit weight-loss group is an educational support group providing weekly weigh-ins and programs to help members make positive changes in the role food plays in their lives. Local chapter meets every Thursday at 10 am in Green Mountain Falls at the Church in the Wildwood. Call Evelyn at 719-748-8383 for more information. The Woodland Park City Council will meet on Aug. 18 at 7 p.m. in the WP City Council Chambers, next to city hall, at 7 p.m. Rock, Gem and Jewelry Show. Come out to the 7th annual Woodland Park Rock, Gem and Jeweler Show. Thursday thru Sunday, August 18th-21st. 9am to 5pm. We have over 40 great dealers with minerals, fossils, petrified wood, crystals, gem stones and much, much more! You will meet custom jewelers with beautiful jewelery not found in stores. We have a great mineral auction open to the public both Friday and Saturday nights starting at 6pm. FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AND IT’S FREE! Located in Woodland Park on Highway 24 between Walmart and Burger King. Friday, August 19 The Pikes Peak Rotary Club will meet at 7 a.m. at the Woodland Park Public Library every Friday. The Cripple Creek Parks and Recreation will host roller skating and blading activities on every Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. Call 719-689-3514 for more information. Outpost Farm and Art Market. This summer the Outpost Feed& Ranch Supply in Florissant is hosting its second annual Friday Farm & Art Market. The Outpost is located just off Hwy 24 on Teller CR 1 across from the post office. Our local Teller County growers are just now beginning to be able to harvest and bring their produce to market. Last week, the best bargain was fresh kale, grown right here in Florissant without the use of pesticides and it was just $2 a bunch. Food vendors include Gold Camp Bakery and Philly Joe’s Cheesesteaks. Local artisans participating this year include High Altitude Ponies, Beads by Catherine, and stoneware pottery by Fn’A Studios. The Thymekeeper, a well-known local herbalist, is also on hand every Friday. The Outpost Feed & Ranch Supply Friday Farm & Art Market is open from 10 am to 4 pm, weather permitting. Find them on Facebook or call 719-748-5039 if you have any questions. Farmer’s Market. Woodland Park’s Award Winning Outdoor Summer Market is held every Friday from June-September near Vectra Bank off Hwy. 24 from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. Over 80 vendors will be providing Colorado grown vegetables, fruits, plants, and a variety of other products. In addition, you can purchase a wide assortment of baked goods, cheese, pastas, olive oils and personal care products. Don’t forget to swing by the food trucks and tents for breakfast, lunch, musical entertainments and so much more. For more information, call Judy Crummett at 719-689-3133. Pippin and Darling of the Donkey shows. The Thin Air Theatre Company will do continual performances of the Tony-award winning musical, Pippin at the Butte Theater in Cripple Creek throughout the summer. This performance, which continues through Aug. 27, features sizzling choreography and an award-winning score. In addition, the Butte this summer will also do regular performances of one of its favorite melodramas, Darling of the Donkey Derby. For more information and to make reservations visit ButteTheater.com., or call 719-689-3247. Saturday, Aug. 20 Salute to American Veterans Rally. One of the most popular events of the summer rolls through Teller County and Cripple Creek with the largest motorcycle procession in the state, extending from Woodland Park to Cripple Creek the morning of Aug. 20. Then, Cripple Creek will host a variety of veteran tributes, a parade and various festivities throughout the day. The event culminates on Aug. 21 with a Pikes Peak Memorial Wall Dedication at Mt. Pisgah Cemetery, honoring veteran who have died during the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq. For event details, visit www.VisitCrippleCreek.com/Events Come to “The Great Outdoors” Fundraiser Yard Sale, to support the Coalition for the Upper South Platte (CUSP). Fishing, camping, climbing, hiking, skiing, exercise gear and nature arts & crafts. Donations encouraged. Saturday, Aug. 20, 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the CUSP office, 38000 Cherokee Ave., Lake George. For information and donation drop off contact Helen at: Helen@uppersouthplatte.org or 719-748-0033. Mining Tours. Modern mine tours, which start from Victor’s Lowell Thomas museum, are now occurring throughout the week. These popular gold mine tours feature the modern mining operations of Cripple Creek & Victor Gold Mining Company, which is operated by Newmont Mining Company. Tour experiences will offer the chance to see giant haul trucks, shovels and drill rigs in action in the large surface mine between Victor and Cripple Creek, Colorado. Watch boulders being crushed into gravel and learn about the modern refining methods while helping to preserve the district’s 1890’s history – all tour proceeds go to the Museum to help offset operations and building renovation costs. This summer the mine tours will be available through Sept. 5 at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m., daily except no tours will be held on Thursdays. In addition, tours are offered Sept. 11 and 12 at 10 and 1 p.m. Check VictorColorado.com for additional tour times and dates. The cost is $7.50 per person – an affordable way for the entire family to see a real working gold mine. Only children 5 years of age and older are allowed on the tours. Please be sure to reserve your tour dates. Upcoming Free Concert. A Free “Picnic Lunch on the Green” concert will be held Sunday, August 21 at 1 p.m. The Woodland Park Wind Symphony, one of the most innovative concert bands of the Pikes Peak area, invites you to join us with picnic baskets in hand to enjoy the exciting sounds created by “a family of people performing music for the people”. All ages welcome. Midland Pavilion in Woodland Park, next to Ute Pass Cultural Center, 210 E. Midland Avenue. Sponsored by Woodland Music Series. For more information, call 719-689-5785. Paws in the Park. Join us for the 5th Annual Paws in the Park 5K Trail Run/Walk on Saturday, August 27 in Divide. Will feature a Chip-timed race, awards, great prizes and team challenges. All proceeds benefit the animals of TCRAS. The 5K Trail/Run will take you through the Hayden Divide Park Loop. Experience gorgeous views of Pikes Peak, the mountains, green meadows, and fresh air. Well-behaved leashed pets are welcome. The even will occur at 308 Weaverville Road, Divide. Register at www.tcrascolorado.org or call 719-686-7707 Great Divide Kite Flight. Scheduled for Sat. Aug. 27 from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Hayden Divide Park. FREE FAMILY FUN! DRAWING FOR A FREE KID’S BIKE! Festivities include Healthy Snacks, Activities, Give-Aways and Free Kites provided to children under 12 who come to fly a kite! Sponored by the Divide Chamber of Commerce and Edward Jones Investments (Lee Taylor). For more information, contact Lisa Lee at Shipping Plus, 686-7587. Shady Side of History. The shady side of history will be the focus of a presentation at the Victor Lowell Thomas Museum on Saturday, Sept. 3. The event is free but seating is limited. Victor author Jan MacKell Collins in 2015 published her latest book on the subject of red light districts in the West. Her research and writings have put a human face on the hidden histories of prostitutes and the shady side of mining camps. Wild Women of Prescott, Arizona tells the stories of shady ladies in the uncivilized territory of Arizona. Collins writes about prostitution history and other interesting aspects of the West. She is formerly the director of the Cripple Creek District Museum and the Old Homestead Parlor House Museum in Cripple Creek. She has also had the pleasure of working for Sharlot Hall Museum in Prescott, AZ and is a former board member of the High Desert Heritage Museum in Cordes Junction, AZ. In addition, Collins has written over 2,000 western history articles for magazines in Colorado, Montana and Arizona, including True West magazine. For more information, call 719-689-5509. For more information on Collins, visit http://janmackellcollins.wix.com/janmackellcollins. The annual meeting of the Divide Planning Committee will be held September 7, starting at 7 p.m. at the Little Chapel of the Hills in Divide (located at 69 County Road 5, Divide, CO). All residents/businesses of the Divide Region are welcome and encouraged to attend to receive an update of activities for the past 12 months. Elections will be held for members whose terms expire. Visit the divideplanning.org website for information. Garage Sale Mark your calendars for Sept. 10 and 11, and plan to attend Victor’s first Ghost Town Garage Sale Weekend. The town will be making space available in some of the currently unoccupied turn-of-the century buildings for vendors to set up with their wares. The aspen leaves will be golden in color and the rusty gold will abound. In addition, Victor has several great antique stores and eateries that will be offering specials/discounts. Call 574-524-0833 for more information or to reserve a space.Sign up for vendors will be open thru Sept. 5 at Claim Jumper or by emailing at Tuscanyllc@gmail.com. Maps of the sales will be available at claim jumper Sept. 6 through the weekend of the event. Sales will be located throughout town from 8 am-4 pm each day. Call 574-524-0833 for more information or to reserve a space.More information will be available at cityofvictor.com/ghosttown.html . Manitou Springs/Colorado Springs Pikes Peak Ascent and Marathon. The popular Pikes Peak Ascent and Marathon up and down the Barr Trail will be held on Aug. 20 and Aug. 21. These world-famous events feature a run to the top of Pikes Peak. And for those daring enough, the Marathon involves both a run and up down the mountain. For more information, call 719-473-2625. Learn the History and Live the Fun. Start the haunting season off with a historic guided tour of Fairview Cemetery by moonlight. At the Fairview Cemetery on Sept. 17 from 6 to 8 p.m. Hear the tale of the two madams who met violent deaths; the Reverent who took an unwanted winter shower; a founding father who was murdered; the railroad worker who met a gruesome death on the Midland; and much more!! Learn the history of Colorado City with murder and mayhem.This event benefits the Old Colorado Historical Society. Reserve your tour by calling 719-636-1225. Tickets are $20 per person with group rates available. Don’t miss this fun family event. “LEARN THE HISTORY AND LIVE THE FUN.” Post navigation ← TMJ Week of 8.16.16 Major Pot Operation Seized Outside Woodland Park Feds Assault Medical and Recreational Marijuana Effort – Rick Langenberg → Weather Updates Image of the Week Woodland Park Cripple Creek Manitou Springs Florissant Green Mountain Falls Victor Canon City This Weeks Front Page In Print Twitter Tweets by @TMountainJ Like Us On Facebook Here Cripple Creek Today The Cripple Creek Today Blog is to inform, entertain and engage residents and visitors alike. Take a Look... TMJ Distribution Centers Pick up TMJ at over 150 businesses (click here for the list) CategoriesCategories Select Category Almanac Beth Dodd Biz: Lodging Biz: Restaurants Business Stories Cathy Mahrholz Classified Colorado Alternatives Special Section Commentary Contact Us COS Airport Status/Delays CR Chambers Cripple Creek Cripple Creek Eli Stone Front Page General Green Mountain Falls Horoscope Letters Local Local Event Calendar Manitou Meet a Creeker Mike Parish News Obituaries Photo Gallery Police Rick Langenberg Robert Volpe Sponsors/Ad Square Peg TMJ Distribution Centers U-Report Victor Happenings Videos Waldo Canyon Fire Photo Gallery Waldo Canyon Pics Weather Woodland Park Woodland Park Pages About Browse Ads Browse Categories Search Ads Tags Almanac cheap michael coach purses u Commentary divide Front Page Local Announcements Manitou michael kors 2 michael kors p michael kors w Mike Parish Police Rick Langenberg Steve Kipp Woodland Park Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 November 2011 September 2011 July 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 Recent Posts Oh The Trauma November 22, 2016 Letter to the Editor November 22, 2016 WP Officials Facing Tough Decisions over Looming Budget Cuts Salary Freeze, Personnel Cuts and Vehicle use on the Chopping Block -Rick Langenberg November 22, 2016 WP Council and DDA Reach Financial Truce Mayor Pro Tem: Pay us Back Now -Rick Langenberg November 22, 2016 Salute to American Veterans Rally finalized for 2017- Rick Langenberg November 22, 2016 Copyright © 2014 The Mountain Jackpot News All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by c.bavota.
null
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» 11K Marlboro Smokers Seek Share of $45M Settlement Man Discovers $3.7M Worth of Gold in His New House Court Blocks Overtime Expansion Pay Rule for 4M The World's 10 Richest Countries Dow Closes Above 19K for First Time A Dow Milestone: 19,000 Hit for First Time Patagonia Won't Keep a Penny of Its Black Friday Sales Obama Administration Blocks Mining Near Yellowstone Oil Price Jump Pulls Stocks to Record Highs John Oliver Is 2016's 'Financial Crusader' He Works at Home Depot—When Not Messing With Venezuela The World's 10 Poorest Nations Money / Walmart Go to Grid|Next Story Crime-Riddled Walmart Is Draining Police Departments 'It's ridiculous ... I may have half my squad there for hours' By Newser Editors,  Newser Staff Posted Aug 18, 2016 12:06 PM CDT Updated Aug 19, 2016 1:00 AM CDT 276 comments Comments In this file photo, a police officer guards the perimeter of the Walmart parking lot in Port Orchard, Wash., after a shooting.   (AP Photo/The News Tribune, Drew Perine) (Newser) – If it seems like Walmart shows up a lot in police blotters and crime stories, there's good reason for that: As a story at Bloomberg explains, police departments across the nation are struggling to cope with the many, many crimes at local stores. And it's not just shoplifting: More than 200 violent crimes have been reported at the chain's 4,500 stores so far this year, about one a day. That includes everything from murder to attempted kidnapping. The story provides the broad strokes of what's going on, noting that Walmart began aggressively cutting staff back in 2000 even as it quickly added stores. Fewer employees were around to keep on eye on shoppers, criminals began taking full advantage, and a downward spiral began. Walmart now insists it's taking steps to remedy the problem, but police are skeptical. "It's ridiculous," says Tulsa Police Sgt. Robert Rohloff. "We are talking about the biggest retailer in the world. I may have half my squad there for hours." Critics say the chain is shirking its responsibility to provide adequate security, while Walmart says it is experimenting with programs such as a "theft-prevention program" in lieu of arrest for first-time offenders. The chain has a secretive crime database that it uses to determine the security needs of each store, but security experts say it needs to hire more security guards and ramp up video surveillance. One big question is whether Walmart's board wants to make that kind of investment at the expense of profits. Click for the full story.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   10% Hilarious 9% Intriguing 22% Depressing 3% Brilliant 15% Scary 42% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 276 comments Next on Newser: Bolt Scores Amazing 3rd 200M Gold Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 276 comments Jeff Zekas Sep 3, 2016 12:07 PM CDT Former Walmart Worker here: stores understaffed, workers treated like slaves, products are cheap crap from China. Don't shop Walmart. They are pure evil. TheJman Aug 24, 2016 9:26 PM CDT Most shoppers are Obama voters so it's not too surprising. ChuChu Aug 21, 2016 1:16 PM CDT Sounds about right. View all 276 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Man Accused of Killing Cop Got Married During Manhunt 1 Experts Say Something's Up With Votes in 3 Swing States 2 A Nazi Salute Prompts Apology From DC Restaurant 3 Man Discovers $3.7M Worth of Gold in His New House 4 Trump Policy Shifts Surprised NYT Interviewers 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Before the C-Section, There Was This Barbaric Practice The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy The Secret Dark Side of Facebook You Might Not Know About Melissa Fell in Love With Lisa -- Then Discovered She Was Her Mom The Craziest World Sex Records That Are Actually Real 17 Prison Guards Reveal the Weirdest Things They’ve Seen in Prison 3 Sex History Lessons You Didn't Learn in School Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners CityViews: Chef Marcus Samuelsson ATM Skimmers Found At Memorial Sloan-Kettering, 3 Other Hospitals; Thousands... Millions Of Thanksgiving Travelers Hitting The Roads, Rails And Skies Go to CBS Local Let's Use Sports Analogies to Make Politics Great Again The Great Right Hope of Scotland There's a Word for Your Thanksgiving Gluttony Go to Ozy This was the aftermath of a man at Walmart who thought he was being detained... A couple was arrested at McDonald’s for doing this in front of a 6-year-old boy Dale Earnhardt Jr. breaks big news about his racing status for 2017 Go to Rare Nutrition Experts Basically Just Gave You Permission to Indulge Over the... Healthier Slice-and-Bake Cookies Exist (and They're So Easy to Make) 21 Whole30 Recipes to Just Throw in Your Slow Cooker Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Seeking the Human at Web Summit By Suzanne Powers and Sean MacDonald - 27 minutes ago Array 0 Ad Age's Black Friday / Cyber Week Membership Sale Is Here 2 hours ago Array 0 Crayola Draws on Animated Characters to Push Holiday Campaign By Suman Bhattacharyya - 2 hours ago Array 0 Post-It Parent 3M Seeks Creative Agency for Consumer Brands By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Ram Makes Working-Class Appeal in Thanksgiving Ad By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago Array 0 Ram Makes Working-Class Appeal in Thanksgiving Ad By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago 0 Crayola Draws on Animated Characters to Push Holiday Campaign By Suman Bhattacharyya - 2 hours ago 0 Honest Co. Drops Ad Claims, Including Implication That Rivals Are Unsafe, Amid Challenge By Jack Neff - 16 hours ago 0 Major Ad-Technology Company Bars Breitbart News for Hate Speech 17 hours ago 0 'Back to the Future III' Becomes a Serial Killer Movie in This Prize-Winning 'Trailer' By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 The Executioner's Song: Why the Networks Stopped Cancelling New Shows By Anthony Crupi - 2 days ago 0 Five Things You Need to Know About Trump vs. the Media (Especially The New York Times) By Simon Dumenco - 21 hours ago 0 Bumble Dating App Expands Into Career Networking By Suman Bhattacharyya - Yesterday 0 See How Miller High Life Is Reviving a Classic 70s Slogan By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 U.K. Bans Charming Heinz Baked Beans Ad for Inciting Dangerous Behavior - 14 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 Maurice Levy's Successor to be Named by February 2017 Publicis Groupe Organic Revenues up 2.7% in Q2 By Emma Hall. Published on July 21, 2016. Maurice Levy Credit: Christian Alminana/Courtesy of Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity Most Popular Publicis Groupe chairman and CEO Maurice Lévy confirmed that his successor will be announced some time between December 2016 and February 2017, ahead of the French communications group's annual general meeting, which will take place in Paris in May. Speaking to analysts at Publicis Groupe's 2016 first half results presentation, Mr. Lévy added, "for the time being we are working only on internal candidates." The internal candidate everyone is watching is Arthur Sadoun, who was elevated to CEO of the Publicis Worldwide network in mid-2013 and put in charge of all the creative networks as CEO of the new Publicis Communications in a major Publicis Groupe re-org at the end of 2015. Apart from Mr. Sadoun's closely-watched tryout in key roles for Mr. Levy's job, it's unclear if any other internal candidates are being seriously considered. In an interview later with Ad Age, Mr. Levy said: "The board will start to work seriously on it as soon as September and make their decision at the end of this year, or the beginning of the next. It's the most important task the board has. Obviously they have already done a lot of background work, but it takes time. I'm not a member of the advisory board. I am there just as support. I can shed light on some situations and bring the coffee." Publicis Groupe reported organic growth (excluding acquisitions and currency swings) of 2.7% for the second quarter of the year, with revenues of $2.7 billion. Revenues for the first half of the year were $5.3 billion, up 4.6% on the first half of 2015. North America's organic growth rate was -0.1% in the second quarter, after the region was hit hard by last year's media losses. "We are working hard to mitigate the impact and to improve the situation," Mr. Lévy said. During the spate of 2015 media account reviews, Publicis Groupe lost its massive Coca-Cola account, and lost its longstanding Procter & Gamble multibillion-dollar media business to rival Omnicom Group. Related Stories Publicis Groupe Creates New Entity for Walmart to Handle U.S. Creative, In-Store Marketing Publicis Groupe Grows 2.9% in First Quarter, but Levy Warns on Second and Third Publicis' Mediavest lost the Walmart media account in February, but the group has been working to strengthen its non-media relationship with the retailer this year, and recently created a new entity to house Walmart's U.S. creative and in-store advertising, as well as some non-advertising duties including technology and corporate reputation. "We will feel the full impact of the losses in North America in the third and fourth quarters," Mr. Levy told Ad Age. "For example, the P&G loss will impact only from July 1." Publicis Groupe's Saatchi & Saatchi won Walmart-owned Asda's $145 million U.K. business without a pitch in April. And earlier this month Publicis Groupe and Walmart began creating a new entity to house the retailer's U.S. creative and in-store advertising, along with other pieces of business that do not involve advertising. "What we have to do is develop an even more collaborative approach between agencies and work with the Power of One concept big time," Mr. Levy added. "We've had a few wins and we will feel the benefit from the big Walmart [account] as soon as the fall. I'm confident the situation in the U.S. will be recovered pretty quickly. Next year we will benefit from all our efforts and the work we have done." Saatchi & Saatchi was also this week named as one of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare's two largest global communications partners, alongside WPP's Grey Worldwide. The consumer healthcare giant reviewed its business following a merger with Novartis Consumer Health, with which Saatchi & Saatchi had an existing relationship. Publicis Groupe, whose agencies include Leo Burnett, Saatchi & Saatchi, Bartle Bogle Hegarty, StarcomMediaVest and Zenithoptimedia, saw its second quarter results boosted by a strong performance in Europe, where organic growth reached 7.3% in the second quarter, and 5.5% for the first half of the year. For the second half of the year, digital growth in the region was 12.5%, while Germany and Italy both grew around 9%. Mr. Lévy spoke on the call with analysts about the impact of last month's shock Brexit decision, when the U.K. voted in a referendum to leave the European Union. "We are in 'terra incognita' because nobody knows exactly what will happen. We know that there is not a clear plan ... There is a blank sheet of paper and we have to build a solution, " he said. "After the emotion, I believe that everyone will work extremely positively toward the future … and Europe will be much stronger and more united … and the U.K. will have to find a way to leave the EU." "We believe that if there is a deterioration it will come very progressively and it will not be a sharp decrease of any indicator ... It is not impossible that at the end of the day things will remain relatively stable." (And Europeans will continue to take their traditional August vacations; Mr. Levy leaves in 10 days for his own summer break, in Provence and then trekking in the mountains.) In Asia Pacific, organic growth was 5.5% in the second quarter. In Latin America, it reached 4.8% and in Middle East & Africa it was down -1.5%. Digital growth across the group in the first half of the year was 6.3%, reaching 23% in Asia Pacific, 12.5% in Europe and 10.7% in the Middle East and Africa. Latin America, at 0.9%, was the only region to show any analog growth, with analog across the group down by -0.8%. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Global News Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Major Insiders Buying This Metal Stock Home | Street Talk Tags: earnings | Wal-Mart Stores | retail | profit Wal-Mart Raises Annual Profit Outlook as Competition Grows Thursday, 18 Aug 2016 08:36 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart raised its earnings outlook for the year and delivered strong profit and sales in the second quarter after the world's largest retailer revamped its stores, improved the shopping experience, and won back customers. "Our strategy in the U.S. is working," said CEO Doug McMillon. Shares jumped 4 percent in early trading. Wal-Mart is fighting off competition on multiple fronts, from Amazon.com and dollar stores, to grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. Wal-Mart has responded with changes at stores, and online, to stay competitive in a vastly altered landscape. It's spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. The system could be eventually launched to all 4,600 U.S. Wal-Mart stores. Wal-Mart says lifting wages means happier workers who will better serve their customers. And it's sharpening its attack against Amazon. Earlier this month, it announced the $3 billion acquisition of the fast-growing online retailer Jet.com. Wal-Mart says that with the deal it will be able to grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Wal-Mart says it will incorporate some of Jet.com's technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. Wal-Mart has also trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShipingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But while Amazon.com's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. The Jet.com deal comes as Wal-Mart's online business slows despite substantial investments. Global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter, an acceleration from the 7 percent pace it saw in the first quarter. But that's still weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains, were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2008. It was also the eighth straight quarterly gain for comparable-store sales. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year adjust earnings per share will be $4.15 per share to $4.35 per share. Analysts had expected $4.27 per share. © Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Wal-Mart raised its earnings outlook for the year and delivered strong profit and sales in the second quarter after the world's largest retailer revamped its stores, improved the shopping experience, and won back customers. earnings, Wal-Mart Stores, retail, profit 471 Thursday, 18 Aug 2016 08:36 AM 2016-36-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Forbes.com: Trump, GOP Could Cut Social Security, Medicare Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 126 comments SS could easily be "fixed" by forcing the government to PAY BACK THE... Jack Bogle: Trump Policies Could Be 'Bad for Society, Economy, Markets' in Long Run Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 70 comments Hey Jack Bogle, try reading the current Snoozeminimum headline:"S&P... Nikkei Asian Review: Apple Considers Making iPhones in US Amid Trump Threat Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 53 comments When I buy auto parts at the parts stores my first question is where is it... Wilbur Ross: Trump's 'Very Progressive' Plan Means Tax Cuts for All Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 27 comments We do need to be some tax cuts in some areas but the ceos and one... Wall Street at Record Highs as Techs, Energy Stocks Rally Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 16 comments the stocks must be racist. They didnt do that when Fauxbama was elected.... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
null
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes Change in Ratings Stock Comments / EPS Changes Economics TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity Walmart Crushes It With Killer Comps and Ebbing Inventories By Brian Sozzi Follow  | Aug 18, 2016 | 11:00 AM EDT Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: wmt, tgt, dg, kr, dltr, amzn This was the quarter the market firmly expected from the world's largest retailer, Walmart (WMT) . WMT reported strength across the board, save for the company's U.K. Asda unit, which continued to struggle amid a hyper-competitive retail landscape. Even Sam's Club -- which I have been highly critical of for never living up to its potential -- managed to instill a dose of confidence that Walmart CEO Doug McMillon now has everyone singing from the proper hymn sheet. I am fresh off a media call with Walmart's CFO and head of U.S. stores, and came away incrementally more upbeat that this giant ship is headed in the right direction. While I continue to have reservations on the long-term outlook for Walmart -- due to rising wage pressures globally and the structural shift to online shopping -- for the time being, the company looks well positioned for the key back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons. In addition, Walmart's quarter really made Target  (TGT) look like a retailer in a state of disarray. Perhaps that is a bit too dramatic, as Target's team is very impressive and the stores look vastly better than two years ago. But, it's clear Target will be playing from behind Walmart this holiday season, as it tries to get its share of the spending from the cautious U.S. consumer. I expect Target to begin aggressive price promotions of its own in food, which will come at the expense of near-term margins. Here are the areas that Walmart impressed me the most. And yes, the stock's rise today is justified. Inventory fell by 6.5% on a comparable-store basis in the U.S., while sales rose 1.6%. Walmart has been on a two-year journey of improving its inventory management, from how it orders goods to how and when they are stocked on shelves. So to finally see inventory decline and sales rise is a huge deal for the company. And it could be a lucrative one, too: Gross profit margins rose nicely in the U.S. business -- in large part due to better inventory management. This may seem small potatoes, but Walmart U.S. now has notched seven straight quarters of traffic gains. That is very impressive to see, in light of all retailers, outside Dollar Tree (DLTR) , Kroger (KR) and Dollar General (DG) , experiencing prolonged traffic declines that are causing mass store closures. Consistent traffic gains like Walmart is seeing is the surest sign yet that the retailer is doing a number of things right when it comes to the consumer. And this provides confidence in the sales potential for the all-important holiday selling season. Over the next few days, we will likely see several stories of how Walmart's online business accelerated in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. More importantly, sales in the U.S. were stronger than internationally, pointed out McMillon. The gains were spurred by the continued expansion of the number of items Walmart is selling online (through its marketplace initiative) and the company's silent rollout of online grocery ordering. Although Walmart's online sales growth is not in the same league as Growth Seeker holding Amazon's (AMZN) , at least there has finally been a little bit of improvement in what has been a steady slowdown in recent quarters. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Brian Sozzi 3 Reasons Why Starbucks' Stock Is Ready to Leave the Penalty Box 3 Reasons Why the New Corvette Grand Sport Is Not Like Your Daddy's Vette Here Are Your Final Black Friday Trades Employees of TheStreet are restricted from owning individual securities. Tags: europe | stock market | retail | market commentary | Consumer Non-Durables | earnings reports | finance Columnist Conversations Robert Lang: Playing Wynn Aggressively Again We added some calls on WYNN again today -- still long (and losing) in the Jan 115 strike, but we added some De... Bret Jensen: Biotech - Black Friday Begins Early It is going to be a tough opening for the biotech sector as Eli Lilly's (LLY) Alzheimers candidate fails. &nbs... Gary Berman: FIBOCALL: Buying LLY to early can make you sick FIBOCALL: LLY and our VERY LONG TERM support LLY is poised to open much lower, after drug fails final-stage t... Carolyn Boroden: Holiday TIMING to be aware of Although I do have HIGHER targets in the S&P, the Fibonacci timing cycles are suggesting that you ra... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב חשון תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stocks Higher as Energy Companies Rise With Oil Prices U.S. Stocks Higher as Energy Companies Rise With Oil Prices Thursday, August 18, 2016 at 12:51 pm | י"ד אב תשע"ו NEW YORK (AP) - Stocks are slightly higher Thursday as the continuing rebound in oil prices gives energy companies a lift. Health–care stocks are trading lower as investors resist making big moves. Retail giant Wal-Mart is rising after it reported strong second-quarter results and raised its annual estimates. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones Industrial Average gave up 15 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,589 as of 11:35 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,185. The Nasdaq composite added 12 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,240. Stocks have bobbed up and down for more than a week and they finished a bit higher Wednesday after the Federal Reserve released minutes from its late July meeting. Stocks made small gains as investors felt the Fed is in no hurry to raise interest rates again. RISING RETAILER: Wal-Mart Stores climbed $1.34, or 1.8 percent, to $74.27. The world’s largest retailer raised its annual estimates after reporting strong results for the second quarter. The company is revamping stores and has won back some customers. Wal-Mart has been boosting pay for its employees, and it says that makes for happier employees and customers who get better service. Wal-Mart, which has lost sales to sites like Amazon as people make more purchases online, is also buying online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion as it fights for more online shoppers. CISCO CUTS: Internet gear maker Cisco Systems reported unimpressive quarterly results and said it will lay off 5,500 employees, or about 7 percent of its staff. Its customers have been switching to remote data centers for computing instead of maintaining networks on their premises, so Cisco is focusing on equipment for big data centers and software and security. The company had already cut about 10,000 jobs over the last few years and it joins companies like Microsoft, Intel and HP in eliminating jobs and overhauling its product lines. The stock lost 33 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $30.39. It slipped 1.3 percent Wednesday on reports it might make much bigger cuts. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gained $1.10, or 2.4 percent, to $47.89 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 62 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. That gave energy companies a lift, and Marathon Oil rose 89 cents, or 5.7 percent, to $16.59 while Devon Energy gained $1.41, or 3.3 percent, to $44.72. Oil prices have rallied over the last two weeks, but they have essentially remained between $40 and $50 a barrel for the last four months. In February oil traded as low as $26.21 a barrel and the relative stability in oil prices has boosted energy company stocks. FEELING ILL: Health-care stocks lagged the market. Life science company Agilent Technologies gave up $1.67, or 3.5 percent, to $46.76 after investors were displeased with its cautious projections for the current quarter. Portola Pharmaceuticals sank $4.10, or 17.3 percent, to $19.59 after regulators did not approve its drug AndexXa, which is designed to reduce severe bleeding during surgery by counteracting blood thinners. JOBS: The federal government said fewer people filed for unemployment benefits last week. A total of 262,000 new applications were filed. Applications for jobless benefits have remained below 300,000 per week for almost a year and a half, the longest streak since 1970. Applications are a proxy for layoffs, which have remained low as hiring has grown. The number of people receiving benefits is around 2.18 million, down 4 percent over the last year. NETAPP LEAPS: Data storage company NetApp posted stronger results than analysts expected, aided by cost cuts. The company’s stock surged $4.85, or 16.8 percent, to $33.70. L RISES: L Brands climbed after its results were better than expected and it raised its projections for the year. The stock rose $3.69, or 5 percent, to $77.75. WILD RIDE: Harley-Davidson stock skidded after the U.S. government sued the motorcycle maker, saying it made illegal devices that could cause its vehicles to emit higher amounts of some types of air pollutants. The shares dropped as much as 8 percent earlier in the day, but made up most of those losses after the Justice Department said Harley-Davidson agreed to settle the case by buying back and destroying the devices. It will also pay a $12 million penalty and spend $3 million on a project that will help mitigate air pollution. The stock lost 60 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $53.88. SUNNY DAY: SunEdison Semiconductor, which makes silicon wafers for the semiconductor industry, agreed to be bought by GlobalWafers of Taiwan. The deal values SunEdison Semiconductor at $12 per share, or about $508 million. Its stock soared $3.20, or 38.6 percent, to $11.48. BONDS, CURRENCY: Bond yields were little changed and the yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 1.55 percent. The dollar wavered and fell to 100.16 yen from 100.19 yen. The euro rose to $1.1330 from $1.1290. OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX added 0.6 percent and the French CAC 40 index rose 0.3 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 was little changed. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 1 percent and Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 slid 1.5 percent. The Kospi in South Korea added 0.9 percent. Filed under: Markets Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Rise as Surge in Oil Prices Lifts Energy Companies U.S. Stocks Rise as Energy Stocks Rally After Big Slump U.S. Stocks Rebound as Mining and Energy Companies Rise U.S. Stocks Slip as Falling Oil Prices Punish Energy Companies U.S. Stocks Tick Higher As Energy Prices Jump Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Applications for Unemployment Aid Rose Last Week Potash Prices Hit Israel Chemicals Profit Despite Speciality Shift Lufthansa Pilots Start Two-Day Strike, Hundreds of Flights Canceled Asian Stocks Share Some Wall St. Joy Business Briefs – November 22, 2016 OP-ED Parties Don’t Matter. Issues Matter Crossing the Red Line The Solution Is Negotiation, Not Legislation The Boys Who Cried “Anti-Semite!” Biased Reporting: Just Ask Us! Face Your Fears A Post-Election Villain One American’s Case for ‘Socialized Medicine’ Disease or Not, A Daunting Challenge GOP Must Look to Bring New Voters Into the Party On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Features Nichum Aveilim 22 Cheshvan/November 23 Add to the Confusion Sudoku – November 23, 2016 This Day In History 22 Cheshvan/November 23 Post-Truth and Consequences This Day In History 21 Cheshvan/November 22 The Odd Side – November 22, 2016 World of Wonder – November 22, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 22, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 21 Cheshvan/November 22 Sudoku – November 22, 2016 This Day In History 20 Cheshvan/November 21 Sudoku – November 21, 2016 Should I Mainstream My Son? Weather » Brooklyn 43°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,368.99 -17.36 (-0.32%) S&P 500 2,202.03 -0.91 (-0.04%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9494 GBP 0.8066 ILS 3.8719 CHF 1.0156 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Pilots’ strike hits 1,800 flights at Lufthansa Yangtze River bridge to start operation in 2017 iFlytek puts AI in services UK growth seen to slow sharply in 2017 Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Playing games for health Musical therapy for babiews Efforts over obesity are paying off Community leaders need to set example TCM to get a bigger global role Tai chi exercises impress the delegates Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Asian FIFA polls off again 12-goal game in UCL spotlight Arena returns as US team’s head coach United to extend Ibra deal Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Flamenco ‘Carmen’ comes to Shanghai Research body says British teens drink a ‘bathtub’ of sugary drinks a year Montenegro’s donkey’s milk is new health trend Healthy and delicious, quinoa covers all bases Tips for buying a healthier holiday turkey Portuguese-inspired pumpkin flan Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Agriculture R&D offers hope for world’s poorest China-CEE ties moving in positive direction Shanghai: A model for the world in road safety Rising dollar points to risks in global market Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News No butts about it: the noose tightens on smoking The pathways to living longer and healthier Sci-fi flick ‘Arrival’ finds little to say ‘Potter’ spin-off’s dark tone divides critics Fashion with a social ‘mission’ Indigenous Bolivian dresses go global Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example The story appears on Page A11 August 19, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » Consumer Wal-Mart lifts fiscal-year profit outlook Source: Agencies | August 19, 2016, Friday | Print Edition WAL-MART Stores Inc raised its fiscal-year profit forecast yesterday and posted higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, an improvement it attributed in part to a better shopping experience resulting from employee wage rises. Shares of the world's largest retailer rose over 4 percent. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would invest US$2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to US$10 an hour, a move the company said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. “Walmart’s strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged,” said Moody’s analyst Charlie O’Shea. The company bucked a string of weak results by higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp, Macy’s Inc and Kohls Corp. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. However, the higher wages and investments in automated warehouses dedicated to filling online orders hit profitability. Excluding a non-cash gain of US$535 million from sale of Wal-Mart’s China e-commerce business, operating income dropped 7.2 percent. Earnings per share came to US$1.07, excluding the gain and other items, in the second quarter ended on July 31. Analysts on average were expecting US$1.02, according to Thomson Reuters. Wal-Mart raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between US$4.15 and US$4.35 a share from a previous range of US$4 to US$4.30. Sales at US stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel. That was the eighth straight quarterly gain and exceeded market hopes for a rise of 1 percent, said research firm Consensus Metrix. BusinessConsumer <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Semi-trailer driver charged with endangering public safety after damaging 17 cars while drunk driving Innovative products, technologies unveiled at Global Entrepreneurship Week China Less trading of Shanghai’s existing homes in October 15% of local office workers suffer neck, waist problems: experts Seven trapped in flooded coal mine in E China Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Full Video of Tiger Attack in Beijing Wildlife Park Released Teacher fired for ‘mistreating children’ 17 killed, 37 injured in Shanxi highway collision Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Northerners not attractive for Shanghai’s choosy singles <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example View more » Latest Business News Plan to lure funds via FTZ accounts Better environment for foreign investors Automation transforms operations at ports Pilots’ strike hits 1,800 flights at Lufthansa Nearly 50% to use Internet by year-end Expansion plan for HK Disneyland at US$1.4b View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿

MONEY Subscribe Home Everyday Money Retirement Family Finance Careers Real Estate Investing Travel Money 101 Best Places To Live Best Colleges Best in Travel Best Banks Best Credit Cards Videos Calculators Adviser & Client Love & Money Money Heroes TIME LIFE Motto The Daily Cut MONEY 50: The Best Mutual Funds Road to Wealth Ultimate Retirement Guide Smart Choices Turning Points Love and Money Ask the Expert Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition 3 Ways That 401(k) Plans Fail Millennials Talk About Money — NOT Politics — With Your Family This Thanksgiving All Content Where to Find Income Share Programs to Pay for College College News and Advice A List of All the Free Stuff You Can Get on Thanksgiving and Black Friday How to Watch the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online The Dollar Is at Its Highest Value in 13 Years This Could Be Your Best Way to Apply to College College News and Advice Mandatory Saving for Retirement Gets a Thumbs Up From Millennials The Best State Schools for Out-of-Staters College News and Advice The Best Black Friday Deals of 2016 MONEY Everyday Money Shopping How Walmart Is Surviving the War Against Amazon—and Beating Target Brad Tuttle @bradrtuttle Aug. 18, 2016 SHARE Patrick Fallon—Bloomberg via Getty Images Customers browse school supplies at Walmart. Walmart is hitting the bullseye, Target not so much. Both Walmart and Target released quarterly earnings reports this week, and it’s quite clear which all-purpose retailer is winning the competition for shoppers lately. (Hint: It’s not the one with the red target logo.) Comparable store sales at Walmart were up 1.6% during the second quarter of 2016, beating the 1% increase predicted by industry insiders. Sales at Walmart’s smaller Neighborhood Market locations was up 6.5%, meanwhile, and customer traffic in all stores was up 1.2%. Based on the company’s positive results, shares of Walmart stock popped 4% early on Thursday. It’s quite a different story for Walmart competitor Target, which saw its stock price drop roughly 5% on Wednesday, then another 2% early on Thursday, after the company released a dismal earnings report that revealed a decline in shoppers. Looking ahead, Walmart anticipates further sales growth of 1% to 1.5% for the current quarter, which ends in October, while Target expects sales to dip as much as 2% during the months ahead. Here are some of the reasons Walmart is having success in the ongoing battle against Target, as well as the overarching war all brick-and-mortar-based retailers are waging versus Amazon. Groceries. Whereas Target has struggled mightily to become a regular go-to destination for grocery shoppers, Walmart is well-established as America’s biggest seller of groceries. Part of this may simply be Walmart’s ubiquity throughout the country—customer satisfaction with Walmart’s grocery section is often low. But Walmart’s low prices and convenience drive traffic into stores, which boosts sales across all product categories as shoppers picking up milk and eggs are also prone to buying batteries, underwear, toys, and anything else they need while running errands. Read Next: 5 Reasons Why Fewer People Are Shopping at Target Walmart has also been overhauling its grocery section to better compete with low-price competitors like Aldi and Whole Foods 365, as well as higher-priced (and higher-quality) players such as Kroger and traditional Whole Foods. The initiatives include a sharp increase in bakery items prepared on-site, as well as more antibiotic-free meats, which promise better value for shoppers. Fewer Empty Shelves. For years, Walmart was plagued with the problem of poorly stocked or just plain empty shelves in stores. This is a big problem for a store to have: It’s hard to sell stuff when there’s nothing for shoppers to grab. The blame for this situation was largely cast upon Walmart being understaffed, and/or staffed with poorly paid, poorly trained workers. The company essentially admitted it had a huge problem by placing a broad investment in worker wages, and the money seems to be paying off in the form of a better experience for shoppers—including fewer empty shelves in stores. Read Next: Why Walmart’s Small ‘Express’ Store Format Was Such a Big Failure The bottom line is that Walmart has been able to boost sales simply by ensuring that the things people want to buy are available and handy in stores. The latest quarterly earnings report is the eighth in a row to boast rising same-store sales. Online Sales Growth. In May, Walmart president and CEO Doug McMillon noted that in terms of online sales, “Growth here is too slow,” Bloomberg reported. E-commerce had just increased 7% for the quarter, and online sales growth had been decreasing over the course of nine consecutive quarters. The second quarter of 2016 put an end to that trend, however, with an impressive online sales increase of 11.8%. What’s more, Walmart’s recent acquisition of Jet.com, the low-price online upstart that’s been undercutting Amazon (and Walmart) on prices, should give the world’s largest retailer a leg up in the competition for shopper dollars—online and in-store alike. Read Next: Walmart and 4 Other Rare Retailers That Aren’t Floundering Right Now Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Everyday Money Real Estate Family Finance Investing Retirement Subscribe Newsletter Advertising Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices Careers Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions ©2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Part of the Fortune.com Sites. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE MONEY.COM! Dear MONEY Reader, As a regular visitor to MONEY.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The MONEY Team
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 51° Share Markets Right Now: Stocks closing flat on Wall Street By Associated Press Published: Thursday, August 18th, 2016 at 10:20am Updated: Thursday, August 18th, 2016 at 2:24pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — The latest on developments in global financial markets (all times local): 4:00 p.m. U.S. stocks are closing slightly higher Thursday as rising oil prices gave energy companies a lift. Oil rose $1.43 to $48.22 a barrel in New York. That boosted energy companies: Marathon Oil rose 6.2 percent and Devon Energy rose 3.4 percent. Advertisement Continue reading The Dow Jones industrial average gained 24 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,598. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 5 points, or 0.2 percent, at 2,187. The Nasdaq composite rose 11 points, or 0.2 percent, at 5,240. Wal-Mart rose nearly 2 percent after it reported strong earning and raised its full-year outlook. Cisco Systems fell nearly 1 percent after delivering weak quarterly results and announcing plans to lay off 7 percent of its staff. ___ 12:00 p.m. U.S. stocks are trading nearly flat Thursday as investors find little to stir the market out of its summer doldrums. The Dow Jones industrial average is flat at 18,572. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index was 2 points, or 0.1 percent, higher at 2,184. The Nasdaq composite is up 0.2 percent or 11 points at 5,240. Wal-Mart Stores climbed 1.5 percent after it raised its annual estimates and reporting strong second quarter profit. Cisco Systems fell after the network technology company announced weak quarterly earnings and said it would lay off around 7 percent of its staff. Yields on the 10-year Treasury are also flat, while energy and precious metals prices are rising. Advertisement Continue reading ___ 10:00 a.m. U.S. stocks are opening little changed Thursday, with earnings from retail giant Wal-Mart and weekly unemployment data in investors’ sights. The Arkansas-based retailer lifted its earnings outlook and delivered strong second-quarter profit and sales. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.7 percent. Meanwhile data out today showed fewer people sought U.S. unemployment benefits last week, a signal that layoffs are scarce and employers are hiring at a solid clip. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 18 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,556. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index was unchanged at 2,182. The Nasdaq composite is also flat at 5,228. Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |

Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer -- Walmart Pays Employees Better and That's Paying Off Why did Walmart do better than Target this quarter? Among the many reasons is paying employees enough to keep them, says Cramer. Jim Cramer Aug 18, 2016 11:28 AM EDT We can think of a dozen different variables about why Walmart (WMT) can report a terrific quarter as it just did. The leadership team, especially CEO Doug McMillon, is much stronger and centralized. The online business is now very much a part of the operation, integrated in a way that makes the Jet.com deal highly accretive compared to building a similar engine. The closing of underperforming stores, including 102 Walmart Express stores, shows that the company is no longer going to layer on winning stores on top of losers. It's going to just cut them off, even though, in some cases, they haven't even been opened that long. Talk about being decisive. But I think those are all losing the forest through the trees. The single most important initiative that McMillon did was to pay people more. That's right, better pay. Higher benefits. Substantially better than many other companies. That's causing a monster chain reaction that's keeping good employees rather than losing them, say, to Target (TGT) , or to a fast-food company or any other national chain that could cherry-pick Walmart's best. It's all part of that plan announced last year to boost wages by $2.7 billion over several years time, to get the wages above the national average -- an amazing thing for this gigantic company. Why is this so important? Because the biggest cost to a place like Walmart is training. If you are constantly training new people after the good ones leave, you very well could be spending away all of your gross margins. Prev 0 of 3 Next If you liked this article you might like Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST Black Friday Winners Will Include J.C. Penney, Ulta, Kate Spade, Says One Retail Expert As the holiday shopping season gets under way, some retailers are emerging as standout winners. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 22, 2016 5:20 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 18 August 2016 | MYT 11:09 PM Wall St little changed; Wal-Mart up after results At 9:49am ET (Thursday) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 9.59 points, or 0.05%, at 18,564.35. The Reuters photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: Wall Street was little changed in early trading on Thursday as the impact of a rise in oil prices and strong results at Wal-Mart was offset by weakness in consumer discretionary and financial stocks. Dow component Wal-Mart rose as much as 3.1% to US$75.19 - a more than 14-month high - after the retailer posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit. The stock provided the biggest boost to the Dow and the S&P 500. Oil stocks rose as Brent crude touched $50 a barrel for the first time in six weeks after major producers prepared to discuss a possible freeze in output. US crude was trading near US$47. Investors also weighed up minutes of the Federal Reserve’s July meeting that showed policymakers were divided over whether to raise interest rates in the near-term. Officials were generally upbeat about the US economy but some expressed the need to keep their options open in the need of more data pointing to strength, the minutes showed. While traders have almost completely ruled out a hike in September, they have priced in a 41.7% chance for a move in December - down from 45.1% on Wednesday, according to CME Group’s FedWatch tool. “The market has reached a comfortable level and needs a fresh catalyst to send stocks higher,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. “The Fed was less hawkish than the market had expected. They would like to get one rate hike behind them this year because they’ve been too low for too long.” The S&P 500 has been higher in six of the last eight weeks and the market has touched new records on the back of better-than-expected corporate earnings, supportive monetary policy and a robust labor market. At 9:49am ET (1349 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 9.59 points, or 0.05%, at 18,564.35, the S&P 500 was down 0.48 point, or 0.02%, at 2,181.74 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 3.36 points, or 0.06%, at 5,225.30. Six of the 10 major S&P sectors were higher, with the energy index’s 0.48% rise leading the advancers. New York Fed President William Dudley, who on Tuesday unnerved the markets by saying a rate hike was possible in September, is scheduled to give a press briefing at 10:00am. San Francisco Fed President John Williams speaks on economic outlook in Anchorage, Alaska at 4:00pm ET. Data showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, with initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropping to 262,000. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims slipping to 265,000. Twitter fell 3.6% to US$19.44 after Evercore downgraded its stock to “sell” from “hold”. Cisco was off 1.6% at US$30.23, after the company reported a 1.6% drop in revenue and said it would cut jobs. Valeant Pharma’s US-listed shares were up 2.8% at US$30.81 after the drugmaker said it received approval from a lender to amend its credit facility. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,641 to 977. On the Nasdaq, 1,245 issues rose and 1,006 fell. The S&P 500 index showed eight new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 26 new highs and 13 new lows. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks You May Be Interested Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read Debut project to be ready in last quarter of 2018 M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex Property Related advertisement Latest News Brexit fallout to cost UK extra £122bil over five years Industrials lift Dow to record, techs drag S&P and Nasdaq (Update 1) Iraq willing to cut oil output in Opec’s plan to boost prices - PM FGV confirms probe is on Felda Iffco’s subsidiary Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Most Viewed in Business Fraud in Felda Global Ventures M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Malakoff seeks RM785mil compensation from EPCC contractors of Tg Bin plant Petronas able to reduce costs with Blue Ocean Strategy FGV confirms probe is on Felda Iffco’s subsidiary Brexit fallout to cost UK extra £122bil over five years Iraq willing to cut oil output in Opec’s plan to boost prices - PM With US$3b port, Malacca eyes slice of shipping giant Singapore's pie Ringgit opens easier on weak sentiment Bank Negara keeps OPR unchanged at 3% advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, November 24, 2016 12:29 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Global stocks diverge on Fed, post-Brexit data Thursday August 18, 2016 11:36 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Man United to extend Ibrahimovic deal by one year, says Mourinho The Edit: Six things about Barron, the youngest Trump kid Khairy: Harimau Malaysia’s fate in Suzuki Cup for Cabinet to decide Perak Health Dept: Malaria on the rise in Gerik’s Orang Asli settlement Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article LONDON, Aug 18 — European stocks rose today as traders reacted to the outlook for US interest rates and some healthy post-Brexit data in Britain. Tokyo's main index however sank as the dollar fell against Japan's haven yen currency, hurting share prices of the country's exporters. Wall Street meanwhile opened up with a slight boost from Wal-Mart Stores' better-than-expected second-quarter earnings. London's benchmark FTSE 100 index was up around 0.1 per cent in afternoon trading, while in the eurozone, Frankfurt's DAX 30 won 0.4 per cent and the Paris CAC 40 gained 0.2 per cent. The pound meanwhile rallied against the dollar as official data revealed that British retail sales surged by 1.4 per cent last month -- indicating no immediate fallout from Brexit, although analysts warn of a tough year ahead. Sterling jumped to US$1.3131 (RM5.24) from US$1.3038 late in New York yesterday. The dollar was impacted also by minutes from the Federal Reserve's July meeting that showed caution about raising US interest rates, dealers said. "It's been a bright start to trading in Europe, with UK retail sales brushing off any early side effects of Brexit to post strong July gains, while US futures look relatively flat ahead of the open," said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst at Oanda trading group . However Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, warned that looking ahead in Britain "with firms intending to stop hiring and inflation set to soar, the high street is set for a tough year". In New York Wal-Mart shares climbed 2.4 per cent after reporting an 8.6 per cent rise in earnings to US$3.8 billon in the second quarter. The Dow Jones Industrial Average five minutes into trading was at 18,580.31, up less than 0.1 per cent with the broad-based S&P 500 and the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite also adding similar small gains. Meanwhile minutes from the US central bank's July gathering published yesterday said policymakers were keeping their "options open" and remained divided on the threat of inflation. Its cautious tone did little to raise hopes for a rise in US borrowing costs, which would tend to lift the greenback by stirring demand for dollar-denominated assets. In reaction, Tokyo's stock market tumbled 1.6 per cent as the stronger yen -- a negative for exporters as it tends to dent their profits -- hit shares in companies such as car giants Toyota and Nissan. The Japanese market came under further pressure after local data showed exports slipped in July as shipments of vehicles, ships and steel products fell. In other key Asian markets Shanghai also fell 0.2 per cent, while Hong Kong rallied one percent. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Merkel ‘not happy’ Trump scrapping Pacific trade deal Lufthansa pilots’ strike wreaks havoc on flight schedule Australia’s Crown Resorts casino staff arrested in China Automakers seek to cut inventories with Black Friday, holiday promotions Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: China goes global as Trump puts America first Reuters Video: Facebook crafts censorship tool to re-enter China, says NYT Kids and parents react to 'Beauty and the Beast' MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants MMOTV: A Red Shirts supporter hurls abuse at Bersih supporters Related Articles European shares touch two-week high as Fed keeps rates unchanged US, European markets split as Apple hit with mammoth tax bill European equities mainly rise on German GDP European stocks rebound as oil, Aussie advance Global stocks snap winning streak as oil pressure returns Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services

Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ New ‘smart home’ in Old Metairie tops weekly sales Op-Ed: Overtime rules blocked: What should employers do now? People this Week: New hires, promotions, awards Ones to Watch: Banking & Financial Services Gov’t wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers Juno Therapeutics halts study after more patient deaths Mortgage rates keep rising after Trump’s election win Sales of new homes slipped in October US stocks recede from record highs; drugmakers skid New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Money / Wal-Mart raises annual profit outlook, reports strong sales Wal-Mart raises annual profit outlook, reports strong sales By: The Associated Press August 18, 2016 0 Wal-Mart’s vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It’s melding online services with the stores — rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it’s pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic at its Wal-Mart U.S. namesake business. “We’ve got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket,” Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart’s U.S. business told reporters on a call Thursday. Wal-Mart is also picking up some new customers, but that will take some time, he added. And growth was solid and consistent across all types of merchandise from toys to clothing. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 percent to $74.29 in late morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it’s trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half. Target blamed a number of factors. That included that it focused too much marketing on its stylish merchandise and didn’t do enough to bring in customers looking for essentials like detergent. It’s also struggling to reinvent its food section and it also cited weak electronics sales. Target CEO Brian Cornell also noted sales varied widely from region to region. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter. That’s up from the 7 percent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. It’s also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com’s technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it’s rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 percent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Walmart 10:43 am Thu, August 18, 2016 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Walmart Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Court blocks federal plan to extend overtime pay to many November 23, 2016 Baton Rouge council approves settlement with protesters November 23, 2016 EpiPen manufacturer will be a no-show at Senate hearing November 21, 2016 Money Ones to Watch: Banking & Financial Services November 23, 2016 US stocks recede from record highs; drugmakers skid November 23, 2016 Tech Talk Gov’t wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers November 23, 2016 NuTonomy to test self-driving cars in Boston November 21, 2016 LifeLock soaring before the opening bell on $2.3B deal November 21, 2016 Ports & Transportation Gov’t wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers November 23, 2016 Airline seeks court order to end cargo pilot strike November 23, 2016 Cargo pilot strike in Ohio may delay Amazon, DHL shipping November 22, 2016 Drill Bits At least 4 hurt in fire at ExxonMobil refinery November 23, 2016 NY court says state has right to review nuke plant permit November 21, 2016 Sunoco Logistics acquiring Energy Transfer November 21, 2016 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts New ‘smart home’ in Old Metairie tops weekly sales 149084 Op-Ed: Overtime rules blocked: What should employers do now? People this Week: New hires, promotions, awards Ones to Watch: Banking & Financial Services New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2016 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.


Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, raises fiscal-year outlook Reuters |  Aug 19, 2016 12:20 AM IST By Nandita Bose (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on Thursday, saying it benefited from cleaner and more efficient U.S. stores, investments in technology that improved online shopping and higher employee wages that fostered better customer service. The world's largest retailer has been spending heavily to entice consumers back to its stores with better stocked shelves, and improving its e-commerce business by investing in new warehouses that can deliver online shipments faster. Last week, it announced the acquisition of online startup Jet.com for over $3 billion to better compete with Amazon.com Inc . Wal-Mart also increased entry level wages to $10 an hour earlier this year and said it will invest $2.7 billion in employee compensation and training over two years, a move it said contributed to improved service in its stores. These steps, analysts said, helped Wal-Mart to raise its fiscal-year forecast and buck a string of weak results from higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp , Macy's Inc and Kohls Corp . Target cut its fiscal-year profit outlook on Wednesday after quarterly sales fell more than expected. Wal-Mart U.S. Chief Executive Officer Greg Foran said on a conference call that the company's customers were still cautious with their spending but were visiting stores more often and buying more items. Store visits increased 1.2 percent, and the average size of an order rose 0.4 percent during the second quarter ended on July 31. "We are seeing a steady improvement in the U.S. business, and it is responding favourably to the changes we are making," he said. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company said sales were strong for grocery items and apparel but weak for electronics. "Walmart's strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. The retailer said it was difficult to quantify the effects of low gasoline prices and unseasonably warm weather, but those factors contributed to overall sales growth. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in more than five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said e-commerce growth was stronger in the United States than in major overseas markets, mainly because of its larger third-party seller business and the continued roll-out of online grocery pickup options. Wal-Mart has added 7 million items to its website this year, bringing the total to 15 million. This compares with 200 million on online rival Amazon.com Inc . The company raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share, including an estimated hit of 5 cents from the Jet.com acquisition, from a previous range of $4 to $4.30. Second-quarter earnings per share of $1.07, excluding a gain from the sale of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business in China and other items, exceeded the analysts' average estimate by 5 cents. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel prices, to beat expectations in their eighth straight quarter of growth. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Total revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion. Wal-Mart's shares rose as much as 2.8 percent earlier in the trading day. They were up 1.8 percent at $74.23 in afternoon trade. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Bracing for Brexit, UK ramps up borrowing and cuts growth forecasts Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank - it's complicated U.S. factory, consumer sentiment data brighten economic outlook Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower [ more ] Top Stories Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim [ more ] Markets Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Companies Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Donald Trump moderates views but defies conventions Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business MoD's blacklisting policy for arms vendors has few of the promised changes [ more ] Today's Paper Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtijk Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wal-Mart raises profit forecast; shares rise Reuters |  Aug 18, 2016 06:14 PM IST By Nandita Bose (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc raised its fiscal-year profit forecast on Thursday and reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, an improvement it attributed in part to a better shopping experience resulting from employee wage increases. Shares of the world's largest retailer rose more than 4 percent. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would invest $2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to $10 an hour, a move the company said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. "Walmart's strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. The company bucked a string of weak results by higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target Corp, Macy's Inc and Kohls Corp. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. However, the higher wages and investments in automated warehouses dedicated to filling online orders hit profitability. Excluding a non-cash gain of $535 million from sale of Wal-Mart's China e-commerce business, operating income dropped 7.2 percent. Earnings per share came to $1.07, excluding the gain and other items, in the second quarter ended on July 31. Analysts on average were expecting $1.02, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Wal-Mart raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share from a previous range of $4.00 to $4.30. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel. That was the eighth consecutive quarterly increase and exceeded market expectations for a rise of 1 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. Store visits increased 1.2 percent. Revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion despite a $2.7 billion hit from a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Net income attributable to Wal-Mart rose to $3.77 billion from $3.48 billion. To accelerate its e-commerce business and narrow the widening gap with rival Amazon.com Inc, Wal-Mart recently paid more than $3 billion to acquire internet retailer Jet.com, the highest price ever for an online startup. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Bracing for Brexit, UK ramps up borrowing and cuts growth forecasts Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank - it's complicated U.S. factory, consumer sentiment data brighten economic outlook Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower [ more ] Top Stories Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim [ more ] Markets Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Companies Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Donald Trump moderates views but defies conventions Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business MoD's blacklisting policy for arms vendors has few of the promised changes [ more ] Today's Paper Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtigj Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null


null
Today on PYMNTS.com Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series EMV Day 1: The Experts Weigh In Inside Innovation Sizzle or Fizzle? TSYS Digital Journey Company Spotlight Topic TBD Digital Discussions Sign Up #PYMNTalks 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Videos Events Live Shows MATCHMAKERS Stat Store Pay-ology Newsletter Signup News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Today on PYMNTS.com OPINION Karen Webster Data & Research INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows Report Store Pay-ology Retail Walmart Beats The Street, Raises Earnings Forecast By PYMNTS Posted on August 18, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email The best that could have been said about the Q2 results so far, as tracked across retail, is that they are somewhat less disastrous than they were in Q1. This isn’t to say there has been a tremendous amount of positive growth so much as losses have been somewhat less than initially expected. Target is the best typifying example so far – the firm did manage to notch earnings results slightly better than what analysts were expecting, but overall they were pretty weak. Same-store sales are down, foot traffic is falling, revenue is off, and Target is looking at all these trends and officially revising their expectations down for the year. Walmart, on the other hand, managed to notch out analysts’ predictions for earnings, but in a way more conducive to building investor confidence: sales are up, earnings are up and guidance for the year had gotten an upward revision, despite the big cash layout coming soon for the purchase of Jet.com. That acquisition, however, highlights some of the question marks remaining about Walmart this morning. ECommerce, though showing stronger growth than it did last quarter, is still lagging behind the growth it was showing a year ago. And that brings the nagging question: can Walmart continue to look so strong when the rest of physical retail is struggling so hard? By The Numbers Analysts had predicted Walmart would take in $1.02 a share on $120.16 billion in revenue. Walmart actually logged  $1.07 on revenue of $120.85 billion (.5 percent growth).  That revenue count is slightly lower than last year’s $1.08 a share. Same-store sales were up 1.6 percent, which is an improvement on the narrower 1 percent pick-up in Q1. This is also a beat for street analysts, who had been looking for 1-percent growth in comparable sales. Foot traffic was also on the increase for the seventh consecutive quarter, growing by 1.2 percent, and is probably the standout figure for Walmart given that falling foot traffic is otherwise epidemic in physical retail these days. Walmart will buy Jet.com for $3.3 billion sometime between now and the end of 2016, and that is anticipated to bring on a 5 cent per share hit. That is loss is likely to hit in early in Q4. Nonetheless, Walmart revised its guidance for 2016 upward, and is now anticipating earnings $4.15 and $4.35 a share, compared to its prior estimate of $4 to $4.30 a share. Walmart predicted that numerically Q3 will look rather similar to Q2, with earnings between 90 cents and $1 a share and comparable sales rising between 1 and 1.5 percent. “We’re pleased with the positive momentum in our business. Our strategy in the U.S. is working as we delivered an eighth consecutive quarter of positive [comparable sales], and international also performed well,” CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. Some of the momentum, however, was – well – less momentous. Online sales grew by 11.8 percent. The goods news is that is a notable pick-up on Q1, when Walmart had only single digital online growth of 9 percent. It is a falloff from last year’s 16-percent increase and is below the national average of 14.6 percent. Clearly, there is still work to do there, hence that big Jet.com buy and the attendant question marks. About those question marks … Watching And Waiting  With its big price tag and bigger ambition, Jet.com is Walmart’s flashiest play for digital dominance during Q2, but certainly not its only one. Walmart Pay, the retailer’s emerging QR code-based payments platform, got its big nationwide push during the second quarter of the year, as did its launch of ShippingPass, a membership program designed to compete with Amazon Prime that offers Walmart customers free shipping. But, discount focused as Walmart historically is and plans to continue to be, it is much cheaper at $49 a year. “We remain focused on building eCommerce capabilities globally,” McMillon further noted of last quarter’s earnings. “Walmart is uniquely positioned to provide customers with a seamless shopping experience where we save them time and money.” Walmart has also seen some big gains by rethinking their store design some. Neighborhood Market stores, which focus more tightly and have a smaller footprint, saw 6.5 percent growth. That experiment worked better than Walmart Express, their smaller grocery-focused chain, that Walmart announced it was shuttering in early 2016. Walmart’s road ahead is not going to be easy, despite its massive scale, scope and profitability. The chain-wide wage increases and retraining initiative will take a pretty notable bite out of share price on the order of 30 cents per share. Walmart has often been the beneficiary of some tailwinds like lower fuel prices, strong employment numbers and increased wages among workers. But those gains are now possibly being offset by the higher cost of the dollar and deflating prices in grocery as a variety of competitors try to see just how low prices have to go to keep consumers loyal. And then it remains to be seen how all those technical initiatives play out. Will things like ShippingPass, Walmart Pay and Jet’s basket building tech make Walmart.com the digital destination it wants to be? Time will tell, and perhaps the world will get to hear a little more about it during Walmart’s investor call. We’ll keep you posted. Related Items:Retail, Walmart earnings Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple Re-Joins Black Friday, Deals And Details Not Yet Unveiled Amazon A Holiday Shopping Staple Elastic Path Enables The Future Of Commerce Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Athleisure Rules Social Conversions Among Apparel Retailers PYMNTS Daily Data Dive: Omnicommerce Trends TRENDING RIGHT NOW 3.5K Mobile Applications Starbucks Expands Into Indonesia With Mobile App 3.0K B2B Payments How Corporates Receive — And Revive — Investment Strategies 2.6K Blockchain Goldman Sachs’ Membership In R3 Lapses 2.3K News Financial Regulators Race To Get Reforms On The Books Before Inauguration Day 2.3K Partnerships / Acquisitions Cardtronics Expands Relationship With Carnival Cruise 2.2K B2B Payments Asia-Pacific’s Anti-Cash Migration Spreads To Corporates 2.2K Data Dive Tech Stocks On Sale, Buffett Boosts Wells & Prosper Switches Leaders 2.1K Security & Fraud Why Insider Threats Are Hurting North American Businesses 2.1K B2B Payments B2B Payments, With Tokens And Smarts 2.0K Ridesharing Amidst New Cash Rules, Uber Debuts Indian Wedding Service 2.0K Post-Election Silicon Valley, Trump Inching Toward Working Together Amid Concern 1.9K Mobile Payments Paying By Coffee Cup Easy Thanks To Australian Telco Optus 1.9K Digital Payments Mastercard’s Call To Digital Payments Action 1.8K Legal Consumer Class-Action Suit Against Visa, Mastercard Allowed To Go Forward 1.8K International Hike Takes A Page From Snapchat; Rolls Out Stories What's next in payments and commerce LATEST NEWS 118 Apple Re-Joins Black Friday, Deals And Details Not Yet Unveiled “[Black] Friday can’t come soon enough” may be the sentiment many big-box retailers are... 234 Amazon A Holiday Shopping Staple Astound Commerce just released a Holiday Report infographic based on a survey that reveals key insights into... 229 Elastic Path Enables The Future Of Commerce Vancouver eCommerce software solutions provider Elastic Path is looking toward the future. Founded in... 193 Warby Of X: SmileDirectClub And D2C Orthodontia Because “you’re never fully dressed without a smile,” there is a way to get... 184 GeniCan Turns Trash To Treasure But only if you count an Amazon delivery as treasure. GeniCan is but another... OPINION: KAREN WEBSTER 1.9K Digital Payments Mastercard’s Call To Digital Payments Action Digital payments are the wave of the future, but it’s been a pretty rocky... November 21, 2016 2.6K Big Data The Seven Deadly Data Sins Of The 2016 Presidential Election The 2016 U.S. Presidential Election taught us many things. But Karen Webster said that... November 14, 2016 2.5K Mobile Microsoft’s Shoulda-Woulda-Coulda Mobile Story Steve Ballmer said last week that things might have been different for Microsoft and... November 7, 2016 3.6K Regulation The 2016 Presidential Election And Banks’ Next Four Scary Years Lots of people in the U.S. will be sitting on pins and needles awaiting... October 31, 2016 4.9K Matchmakers What the Uber Driver Revolt Means for Payments There’s a pretty alarming epidemic that’s now afflicting many of the matchmakers lucky enough... October 24, 2016 Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2016 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
Toggle navigation News Featured Bob Garfield: Garfield at Large Barbara Lippert: MadBlog MediaPost Week in Review Online Spin Current Stories MediaPost Home Today's News Today's Opinions Agencies & The Agency Business MAD: MediaPost's Agency Daily Accounts in Review Events Calendar Out to Launch People on the Move MEDIApsssst Stan Mack's Real Mad MAD - London Online Media, Marketing and Advertising OMMA Today Daily Online Examiner PolicyBlog Email Marketing Daily Email Insider EU Email Marketing Daily Email Insider Europe MobileMarketingDaily MoBlog Mobile Shop Talk Mobile Insider Search Marketing Daily SearchBlog Search Insider Social Media & Marketing Daily The Social Graf Social Insider Online Media, Marketing and Advertising Real-Time Daily RTBlog RTB500 Programmatic Insider Data & Targeting Insider Video Daily VidBlog Video Critique Video Insider Publishing & Publishers Publishers Daily The Daily Blog Publishing Insider Supply Side Insider Native Insider Futures IoT Daily Connected Thinking VR/AR Insider AI Insider Media Buying/Planning/Research & The Media MediaDailyNews Audience Buying Insider Metrics Insider Research Brief TelevisionNewsDaily TVBlog TV Watch TV Everywhere Brand and Product Marketing MarketingDaily Thom Forbes: Top of the News Engage Target Market Newsletters Affluent,Boomers,Millennials, Hispanics,Men,Moms,Teens Industry Sector Newsletters Automotive,Causes,CPG, Entertainment,Green,Health, Politics,Sports,Travel Marketing Tools & Strategies Content Marketing,Cross-Channel Events Events Home 2016 Events Calendar 2017 Events Calendar Upcoming Events Email Insider Summit December 4 - 7, 2016, UT Search Insider Summit December 7 - 10, 2016, UT Marketing: Politics January 17, 2017, DC Masters of Media Selling January 18 - 19, 2017, NYC Online All Stars January 19, 2017, NY Agency of the Year January 25, 2017, NYC Creative Media Awards January 26, 2017, New York City OMMA Atlanta February 16, 2017, ATL OMMA Boston February 23, 2017, Boston Brand Marketers Summit - Cross-Channel March 7 - 10, 2017, AZ OMMA at SXSW March 11, 2017, TX Programmatic Insider Summit March 19 - 22, 2017, AZ Digital Out of Home Awards March 28, 2017, NYC Marketing: Automotive April 12, 2017, NYC Marketing Automotive Awards April 12, 2017, NYC TV Insider Summit April 23 - 26, 2017, FL Recently Concluded OMMA Denver November 17, 2016, CO TV Insider Summit October 16 - 19, 2016, Mohonk Publishing Insider Summit October 10 - 13, 2016, Austin OMMA Bots & Chat September 29, 2016, NYC OMMA Social September 29, 2016, NYC OMMA VR/AR September 28, 2016, NYC OMMA Video September 28, 2016, NYC OMMA Programmatic September 27, 2016, NYC OMMA Awards September 26, 2016, NYC OMMA at Advertising Week September, 2016, NYC Digital Out of Home Awards September 14, 2016, NYC Brand Marketers Summit - Cross-Channel August 24 - 27, 2016, Lake Tahoe More Events Appy Awards Content Marketing Insider Summit Cross-Channel Marketing Insider Summit Email Insider Summit Europe Future of Media IoT Marketing Forum IOT: Shopping IOT:Beacons Marketing Sports: Soccer in America Marketing: Health Mobile Insider Summit OMMA at Internet Week OMMA Attribution OMMA Audience Buying OMMA Chicago OMMA LA OMMA Marketing Tech OMMA mCommerce OMMA Miami OMMA Programmatic in New York OMMA Programmatic TV OMMA San Francisco Outfront Forum Social Media Insider Summit The Reckoning Video Insider Summit Awards Awards Home Online All Stars (January 19, 2017, NY) Agency of the Year (January 25, 2017, NYC) Creative Media Awards (January 26, 2017, New York City) Digital Out of Home Awards (March 28, 2017, NYC) Marketing Automotive Awards (April 12, 2017, NYC) OMMA Awards (September 26, 2016, NYC) Appy Awards (May 17, 2016, NYC) Members Become A MediaPost Member Subscribe to your choice of industry specific newsletters, save $100 on conferences, search member directories, comment on stories and more. Free to qualified media, marketing and advertising professionals. Join Now Member Resources All Member Directory Manage My Account Manage My Subscriptions More Additional Resources Feedback Loop (Comments) Job Postings Research Briefs Whitepapers Industry Events About and Contacts About MediaPost Contact Editorial Privacy/Terms Media Kit Sitemap Search Advanced Search Sign in Username Password Remember me Forgot your password? Register Now Advertise Walmart, JC Penney Shaking Up Playbook by Sarah Mahoney@mahoney_sarah, August 18, 2016, 10:30 AM Recommend (1) Amid retailers’ constant scrambling for better ways to attract customers both online and in stores, both Walmart and JCPenney are offering a peek at evolving consumer strategies.  Wal-Mart Stores, in announcing sales and profits that beat Wall Street expectations, also gives some insights into how its recent $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com will fit into its overall strategy. “Operating Walmart.com and Jet.com will allow us to reach even more customers and drive a higher level of growth more quickly,” says Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, in a recording prepared for investors. He says Jet.com’s technology “rewards customers in real time with savings on a basket of goods and puts them more in charge of the price they pay. This empowers customers in a way that is true to the spirit of Walmart,” adding that the Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer’s advantage “has always been in providing the lowest prices on a basket, and Jet has created a unique way to deliver the lowest cost basket online.” The acquisition comes at a time when the company is intensifying its drive to online dominance, and its ongoing challenge to Amazon. “We continue to see proof that our customers enjoy a seamless shopping experience. The distinctions that we talk about today between stores, apps, pick-up, delivery and sites are continuing to blur into the background for customers. For them, it’s just Walmart.” For the second quarter, Wal-Mart’s revenues climbed 0.5% to $120.85 billion, compared with $120.23 billion in the same period a year ago. (In terms of constant currency, it gained 2.8%). Operating income rose 1.6% to $6.17 billion. And it raised its earnings forecast for the remainder of the year.  E-commerce sales rose 13%, mostly driven by the roll-out of online grocery, and the growth of pick-up in stores and clubs. In the U.S., comparable-store sales at Walmart climbed 1.6%, the eight straight quarter of sales gains and the seventh consecutive quarter of increasing traffic. It says the improvement stems from progress in customer experience, as well as mobile options like Walmart Pay, now available in all its stores. JC Penney also had big news, announcing a three-year plan that has it backing away from national brands, and instead placing its bets on private-label brands like Liz Claiborne, Arizona and Michael Strahan. And it’s upping the emphasis on plus-size fashion, home and beauty products. The new strategy is meant to build both value for shoppers and brand differentiation, as the Plano, Tex.-based retailer continues to battle on the comeback trail. The new plan calls for earning 70% of its sales from private-label brands by 2019, up from 52% last year.  In order to set itself further apart from the likes of Kohl’s and Macy’s, it says it plans to sharpen its appeal by continuing its commitment to special sizes; refreshing its home stores, including the previously announced plan to get back in the big-appliance game, and adding more beauty, including more Sephora units and InStyle salons. And it, too, is refocusing on omnichannel initiatives, including a redesigned store app, shipping to any JC Penney store, same-day pickup and speedier home deliveries. 39 SHARES Recommend (1) Print RSS All content published by MediaPost is determined by our editors 100% in the interest of our readers ... independent of advertising, sponsorships or other considerations. Leave a Comment More Top Stories Ad Volume Continues To Expand, Reaches Highest October Ever Joe Mandese The Flailing Donald Trump Joe Mandese, 0 Ad Awareness Down Sharply Heading Into Holidays Sarah Mahoney Finding Little To Cheer About, Dentsu Cancels Holiday Party Steve McClellan AT&T Defends DirecTV Zero-Rating Wendy Davis Ahead Of The Pack, Patagonia Goes All In For Planet Sarah Mahoney 17 Agencies Form Diversity Network Larissa Faw Who Is Your Favorite TV Character? Adam Buckman, 2 Indie Networks' Ad Share Grows, Cable Does Best Wayne Friedman‹› Subscribe to Marketing Daily More from Marketing Daily Progressive Gives Flo Time Off Verizon Sells 'Thrift Shop' At The Laundromat PepsiCo Acquiring Probiotic Beverage Maker KeVita Ahead Of The Pack, Patagonia Goes All In For Planet Mazda Invites Consumers To 'Drive For Good' John Hancock Awards Active Policyholders With Apple Watch Today's Most Read Stories Is The Programmatic Pendulum Swinging Back Toward Storytelling? AT&T, Dish And WPP Group Take Joint Ownership Of Invidi NBCU Invests $200M In 'BuzzFeed' To Up Ad Sales, Video Trump Unleashes On The 'NYT' - Again Trump's Win: Ad Agencies Must Address Middle America Archive November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 All Archives > May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 About MediaPost MediaKit Contact Editorial RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy/Terms & Conditions ©2016 MediaPost Communications. All rights reserved. 1460 Broadway, New York, NY 10036 tel. 212-204-2000, fax 917-591-3261, feedback@mediapost.com   Google+
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ BTW Earnings E-commerce Walmart’s e-commerce growth has started accelerating just in time for its Jet.com deal A nice change of pace after five subpar quarters of online growth. by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Aug 18, 2016, 10:15am EDT tweet share Linkedin Joe Raedle / Getty After five straight quarters of decelerating e-commerce growth, Walmart’s online business increased in the company’s second quarter. Walmart’s global e-commerce business grew 11.8 percent year over year in the quarter, up from 7 percent in the previous quarter. The online business is still growing slower than it was a year ago, but Walmart will take it. The earnings report comes 10 days after Walmart announced its plan to purchase the startup Jet.com for $3.3 billion in a blockbuster deal that will see Jet CEO Marc Lore take oversight over the Walmart.com business unit. The acquisition is expected to close later this year and dilute Walmart’s annual earnings per share by five cents, in part due to “expected operating losses,” the company said in scripted earnings remarks. Walmart doesn’t break out online sales by geography, but has previously said that the U.S. digital business is growing faster than the company’s international business. recode_divider More From Recode Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles More in Trending This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. The Latest Apple Politics President Trump Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. by Peter Kafka “I think you’re going to do it.” Podcasts Politics Recode Media with Peter Kafka Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kurson says he’s proud to have voted for Donald Trump, and to work for his son-in-law, Observer publisher Jared Kushner. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies Wal-Mart Raises Annual Profit; Tops Street 2Q Forecasts Companies Wal-Mart Raises Annual Profit; Tops Street 2Q Forecasts By Associated Press | August 18, 2016 AT 11:20 AM Last Updated: August 18, 2016 11:20 am Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart on Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) NEW YORK—Wal-Mart’s vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It’s melding online services with the stores—rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it’s pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic. “We’ve got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket,” said Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart’s U.S. business, which accounts for 62 percent of total sales. Wal-Mart is also picking up new customers, but that will take some time. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 percent to $74.29 in morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it’s trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic waned. Wal-Mart is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter. That’s up from the 7 percent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. It’s also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com’s technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it’s rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 percent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers.   Editor’s Picks China’s Growing Trade Deficit with US, Rising State and Corporate Debt: Very ‘Concerning’ Says Congressional Report What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Grass-Roots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesWhy Is Buffett Buying US Airline Stocks?Startup Weekend More Than Transforming Ideas Into Reality QuicklyTesla Motors Officially Owns Solar Panel Installer SolarCityHertz Gets Hurt by Uber but Still Attracts Investors Latest in Business Economies Dow Tops 19,000 as Retailers Lead Stocks to New Records Economies Consumer Companies Lead US Stocks to New Records Companies Why Is Buffett Buying US Airline Stocks? Canada Startup Weekend More Than Transforming Ideas Into Reality Quickly Markets Oil Price Jumps, Stock Indexes at Record High Economies Why Free Trade Doesn’t Work for the Workers Companies Tesla Motors Officially Owns Solar Panel Installer SolarCity Economies Trump’s Policies Would Lead to Inflation Companies Hertz Gets Hurt by Uber but Still Attracts Investors × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top

null
null
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu JET FUEL Walmart is putting Jet.com’s founder in charge of its battle against Amazon in the US Written by Joon Ian Wong August 18, 2016 The future is about porting this experience online. (Reuters/Lucas Jackson) Share Written by Joon Ian Wong August 18, 2016 Walmart is riding high. It just beat analyst estimates with its second-quarter earnings, sending its stock up nearly 3% in early trading. The world’s largest retailer by revenue also raised its projected results for the year despite revealing that those profits would be dented to pay for the $3.3 billion acquisition of e-commerce retailer Jet.com, which was announced last week (Aug. 8). The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of the year. A big part of Walmart’s future rests on its ability to compete against e-commerce players, specifically Amazon. And that’s down to Marc Lore, Jet.com’s founder. It was announced during today’s call that he’s been named president and chief executive of e-commerce at Walmart. Lore’s new role means he’ll be in charge of both the Jet.com brand, which will continue to operate, and Walmart’s e-commerce functions, in the US. He will report directly to Walmart’s president and chief executive, Doug McMillon. “Marc is a passionate merchant and innovative thinker who will definitely add value to our business. I look forward to working with him,” McMillon told investors on the call. Lore knows Amazon well, selling his firm Quidsi, which owned Diapers.com and other niche retail sites, to Jeff Bezos’ company for $545 million in 2011. He left Amazon after two years to once again take it on as a competitor. After raising more than $800 million in funding for Jet, but apparently failing to gain the scale he said was required (paywall) to validate its business model, he found a savior in Walmart. Recode reported that he could earn as much as $750 million from the Jet.com sale. Current Walmart e-commerce chief Neil Ashe will be eased out, just months after being named head of technology. The online media veteran, who ran CNet and CBS Interactive, had been with Walmart for four years, and will be with the company through the end of its fiscal year. Ashe led talks between Walmart and JD.com, which saw the US retailer take a 5% stake in the Chinese e-commerce giant. JD.com also took control of Walmart’s Chinese e-commerce platform as part of the deal, which was announced in June. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Retirement Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Stocks Inch Up From Wal-Mart Boost ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More (Reuters) Stocks Inch Up From Wal-Mart Boost Published August 18, 2016 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print U.S. stocks ended up slightly on Thursday as Brent oil's rise above $50 a barrel boosted energy shares and an upbeat outlook lifted Wal-Mart <WMT.N> to a 14-month high. Continue Reading Below Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to end at $74.30 after the retailer reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its fiscal-year outlook. The upbeat forecast followed disappointing outlooks from Target <TGT.N> and Lowe's Companies <LOW.N> the previous day. The energy index <.SPNY> jumped 1.8 percent after Brent crude <LCOc1> topped $50 for the first time in six weeks as major producers prepared to discuss a possible output freeze. Late-session gains pushed the indexes out of flat territory where they had traded for much of the session, with the S&P 500 index up just 0.1 percent for the week so far. "With commodities rebounding and the economy remaining surprisingly resilient, with just a little bit more Fed-speak about rising interest rates, that could create a pause. On the other hand, it's been a good year, especially for value investors," said Bryant Evans, investment adviser and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> gained 23.76 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,597.7, the S&P 500 <.SPX> added 4.8 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,187.02 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> rose 11.49 points, or 0.22 percent, to 5,240.15. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The benchmark S&P index is up 7 percent since Dec. 31. Its recent run to record highs has been partly supported by expectations the Fed will continue to keep rates low, as well as some upbeat earnings and economic news. Data on Thursday showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week. Investors expect more insight on the rate outlook at an annual meeting of central bankers from around the world in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, next week. Among the day's decliners, the telecommunications index <.SPLRCL> fell 0.8 percent, leading sector losses. Cisco <CSCO.O> shares fell 0.8 percent to $30.48 after the network equipment provider said it would cut 5,500 jobs and gave a disappointing forecast. NetApp <NTAP.O> jumped 17.4 percent to $33.88 after its quarterly results beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 19 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 27 new lows. About 5.9 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data.   (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 66,349 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 61,569 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 40,947 Clinton team is told to contest the election 25,894 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 23,737 This unlikely place may be where WWIII starts 22,315 J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart bucks downward trend in retail with earnings beat By Reuters View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) August 18, 2016 | 10:37am Modal Trigger Photo: Getty Images More On: walmart Walmart has another bad quarter, thanks to food deflation Horrible dad drags daughter around Walmart by her hair I lost half my body weight by walking for my food Woman stops pet monkey from attacking Walmart worker Walmart raised its fiscal-year profit forecast on Thursday and reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, an improvement it attributed in part to a better shopping experience resulting from employee wage increases. Shares of the world’s largest retailer rose more than 4 percent. Earlier this year, Walmart said it would invest $2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to $10 an hour, a move the company said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. “Walmart’s strategic investments are generating traction, which is especially meaningful, given a large portion of its customer base remains challenged,” said Moody’s analyst Charlie O’Shea. The company bucked a string of weak results by higher-end brick-and-mortar competitors like Target, Macy’s and Kohls. Online sales growth accelerated sequentially for the first time in five quarters, rising 11.8 percent from 7 percent in the first quarter. However, the higher wages and investments in automated warehouses dedicated to filling online orders hit profitability. Excluding a non-cash gain of $535 million from sale of Walmart’s China e-commerce business, operating income dropped 7.2 percent. Earnings per share came to $1.07, excluding the gain and other items, in the second quarter ended on July 31. Analysts on average were expecting $1.02, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Walmart raised its fiscal-year earnings outlook to between $4.15 and $4.35 a share from a previous range of $4.00 to $4.30. Sales at US stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel. That was the eighth consecutive quarterly increase and exceeded market expectations for a rise of 1 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. Store visits increased 1.2 percent. Revenue rose 0.5 percent to $120.9 billion despite a $2.7 billion hit from a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. International sales fell 6.6 percent to $28.6 billion but increased 2.2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Net income attributable to Walmart rose to $3.77 billion from $3.48 billion. To accelerate its e-commerce business and narrow the widening gap with rival Amazon.com, Walmart recently paid more than $3 billion to acquire internet retailer Jet.com, the highest price ever for an online startup. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Judge suggests Apollo, TPG kick in cash for Caesars restru... Read Next Judge suggests Apollo, TPG kick in cash for Caesars restru... Most Popular This Week 1 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 2 Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House 3 College kids are proving Trump's point 4 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 5 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 6 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 66,604 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 60,835 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 39,278 Clinton team is told to contest the election Now On Youngest Jonas brother busted with marijuana Swizz Beatz latest celeb caught up in Malaysian embezzlement scandal Jeff Bridges slashes mansion asking price by $5M SEE ALL Video :36 Is there a deer in the driver's seat of that ATV?! More Stories pagesix J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Thanksgiving Travelers Make Their Way Through Denver International Airport Skiers Hit The Slopes on Copper Mountain, Colo. ‘View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Dow Jones Industrial Average RADAR: Midwest Winter Storm Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times/Redux Trump Seems to Soften on Campaign Promises 21m ago Trump Walks Fine Ethical Line to White House, Experts Say Sessions Urged Caution Over Federal Lawsuits Alleging Discrimination Top Stories My Stories Wayne State Police Officer Shot and Critically Injured Facebook Built China 'Censorship Tool': Report Thanksgiving Travel Rush: What to Expect Waterslide to Be Demolished After Boy Died Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Man Injured in Philly Blast Thought Package Was Meds Turkey's President Slams Those Who Call Trump 'Dictator' Airstrike in Mosul Disrupts ISIS Supply Lines South Korean Leader Defends Purchase of Viagra Pills Original Gerber Baby, Ann Taylor Cook, Turns 90 #DonaldTrump Drew Angerer/Getty Images Trump Picks Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary 16m ago Trump Offers UN Ambassadorship to SC Gov. Nikki Haley Nikki Haley: Everything You Need to Know About Trump's Pick for UN Ambassador #DonaldTrump Efrem Lukatsky/AP Trump Foundation Took Donations From Controversial Ukrainian Clinton Donor Nov 23 Trump Foundation Admits It Gave Money to 'Disqualified Person' Calls for Deutsche Bank, a Big Trump Lender, to Face Independent Prosecutor #Thanksgiving Evan Vucci/AP Photo Everything You Need to Know About the Presidential Turkey Pardon Nov 23 President Obama's Thanksgiving Turkey Pardons Through the Years What's Up With Those White House Turkey Pardons? #MelaniaTrump Play ABCNews.com Election 2016: Who Is Melania Trump? Nov 9 Donald Trump Jr.: The Basics Ivanka Trump: The Basics Politics #DonaldTrump Trump's 100-Day Agenda: Experts Examine if It Can Be Done #DonaldTrump What Trump Said During Wide-Ranging Interview #DonaldTrump Trump 'Seriously Considering' Ben Carson for HUD #DonaldTrump Trump 'Leaning' Against Renewed Probe of Clinton, Sources Say #GOP House Republican Criticizes Trump Over Business Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Jared Kushner Defends Steve Bannon in Interview, Calls Him an 'Incredible Zionist' A Look at Gen. James Mattis From a Close Friend #DonaldTrump What Donald Trump's 100-Day Plan Leaves Out #DonaldTrump Sanders Supporter Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Being Considered for Trump Cabinet #GOP Everything You Need to Know About Gen. James Mattis #MikePence Pence, Who Touts Openness, Tries to Stop Document Release #DonaldTrump Inside Donald Trump's Relationship With Agent Ari Emanuel #DonaldTrump Trump Met With Indian Business Partners, Reviving Questions on How He Will Avoid Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape #DonaldTrump Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon Is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' #Politics Clinton Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million More News Texas Appeals Court Rules 'San Antonio 4' Are Innocent US Applications for Unemployment Aid Rose Last Week Twitter Accidentally Suspends Its CEO's Account Tenn. Crash Revives Debate Over School Bus Seat Belts States Struggle With High Number of Foster Children NHL Newest Team Gets a Name: Vegas Golden Knights Poem Signed by Anne Frank Sells for Nearly $150,000 NH Man Electrocuted While Hanging Holiday Lights Trump Stance on Immigration May Aid Private Prisons Wildfires Continue Spread as Arson Probes Opened #BlackFriday Henry Romero/Reuters Thanksgiving and Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Nov 23 8 Black Friday Shopping Strategies On Eve of Holiday Shopping, Consumer Advocates Say Vigilance Needed in Children’s Product Safety Play ABCNews.com Chattanooga Bus Crash Survivors Speak Out Nov 23 School Bus Driver in Fatal Crash Involved in Prior Collision Happy Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving San Francisco Cyclists Complete 50-Mile Turkey-Shaped Bike Ride #Thanksgiving Here's to Thanksgiving Dinner With My Ex-Wife #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #Thanksgiving How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving 3 Thanksgiving Travel Tips to Save Turkey Day #Thanksgiving Add Sweet Potato Pie to Your Holiday Feast #Thanksgiving How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Must-Try Recipes for Most-Searched Thanksgiving Foods #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election #Thanksgiving 'GMA' Ultimate Cranberry Challenge #Thanksgiving Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger in Line at Grocery Store #Thanksgiving How Astronauts Celebrate Thanksgiving in Space Michael Rozman/Warner Bros. Mariah Carey Breaks Silence on Reported Split With James Packer 1h ago Play ABCNews.com High School Football Team Asks Court to Overturn Loss Nov 23 More News FIFA Leaning Toward a 48-Team World Cup Dalai Lama: 'I Have No Worries' About Trump's Election Lufthansa Pilot Strike Forces 1,800 Flight Cancelations Rare Thunderstorm Asthma Kills 4 in Australian Israel Orders Probe of German Submarine Purchase Drug Dealer Says He Gave Money to Philippine Senator Germany Asks Sweden to Extradite 'Laserman' Killer Suspect in Cop's Death Got Married After Shooting Russia Rejects Criticism of Baltic Missile Buildup FBI Raids Financially Troubled Town in Puerto Rico Sergey Ponomarev/AP Photo How Poland Is Recovering From a Real-Life 'Designated Survivor' Situation Nov 23 Inside the Top Secret Greenbrier Bunker #Thanksgiving Tetra images RF/Getty Images How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving Nov 23 Thanksgiving Traditions at the White House Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election Facebook/Venice, Florida Municipal Government Fireball Spotted in Night Sky Over Florida 3h ago Getty Images I Got Remarried and Didn't Tell My Kids Nov 23 #JustinBieber Giorgio Benvenuti/ANSA via AP Photo Video Shows Justin Bieber Allegedly Punching Fan in the Face 1h ago Tommy Hilfiger: 'Any Designer Should Be Proud' to Dress Melania Trump Erykah Badu on Music, Family and the Soul Train Music Awards #Thanksgiving Courtesy Melissa Birchmore Foster Mom Gets Thanksgiving Wish to Adopt for the First Time 1h ago Spend Thanksgiving Night with OneRepublic, Kelly Clarkson and More Miranda Lambert's New Album Is a Soaring 'Double Dose of Heartbreak' Warner Bros. Pictures 'Fantastic Beasts' Makes $75M in Opening Weekend Nov 21 Play ABCNews.com How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving Learn how to carve a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner step by step. Up Next: Play Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #DWTS ABCNews.com Laurie Hernandez Had 'Same Joy' Winning Mirror Ball as She Did Olympic Medals Nov 23 'DWTS': Hernandez and Chmerkovskiy Win the Mirror Ball Trophy 'DWTS' Finalists Label One Another With Funny Yearbook Superlatives #NFL ABCNews.com JJ Watt Opens Up About Threatening Staph Infection Nov 23 Shannen Doherty Teases Photo From 'Heathers' Reboot Corey Feldman Marries Girlfriend Courtney Anne Courtesy Taryn Keith Diner Surprises Waiter With $750 Tip Nov 22 In Case You Missed It Rare White 'Rainbow' Spotted in Scotland Woman Wins Nearly $1M on 'Wheel of Fortune' Slot Machine #Amtrak Behind the Scenes at Amtrak: How the Rail Giant Turns Trains Around Lovebirds Married 73 Years Recreate Their First Date at a Seattle Hotel How the World Came Together to Find a #CupForBen Prince Harry Tours Barbuda Woman Designs Her Own Woodland Fairy Tale Wedding Dress Over 6 Months #Thanksgiving Shelter Sends Animals Home for Thanksgiving With Option to Adopt Singing Cashier Takes the Stage With R&B Singer Maxwell Meet the Toddler Who Looked Like Danny DeVito The Sound of 'Success': Young Patients Ring Bell to Mark End of Cancer Treatment School Community Helps Beloved Crossing Guard Afford Prosthetic Leg Repair #Popcorn Play ABCNews.com Billy Bob Thornton Opens Up About Humble Childhood Nov 21 Josh Groban on His Broadway Debut in 'Great Comet' 'Conviction' Star Hayley Atwell on How She Felt When 'Agent Carter' Ended Underwood Archives/Getty Images Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Through the Years Nov 23 Babies Dressed as Turkeys Win This Thanksgiving 'Tis the Season for Awkward Family Thanksgiving Photos David Johnson/Barcroft Images Holy Cow: This Cow Is Over 6 Feet Tall 2m ago Michael Phelps Hits the Red Carpet With His Wife and Son Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian Step Out in New York City Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Walmart outperforms Target, and the difference might be groceries The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack August 18 Follow @sarahhalzack Shoppers push carts through the grocery department at a Walmart in Chicago. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg) Walmart’s business improved on two key fronts in the most recent quarter: Traffic was up 1.2 percent at its U.S. stores, the big-box chain reported Thursday, and e-commerce sales growth picked up after a long stretch of deceleration. The retailer said its stores were busier due to ongoing efforts to make them tidier and better-stocked. Executives added that the business likely got some help in the quarter from low gas prices, which may have left shoppers feeling flush, and ultra-hot weather, which often spurs them to buy seasonal items such as fans or pool toys. Walmart also offered a sunnier outlook for the rest of the year, bumping up its earnings forecast. In this latest quarter, it pulled down $120.9 billion in revenue, a 0.5 percent increase over the same period last year. (Adjusting for currency fluctuations, revenue rose 2.8 percent to $123.6 billion.) Online, Walmart saw sales growth of 11.8 percent, a reversal after several quarters in which growth was slowing down. Walmart has been investing heavily in building out its network of fulfillment centers and has been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers can buy their groceries online and pick them up at their local store. Brett Biggs, Walmart’s chief financial officer, told reporters Thursday said the better online sales performance is a sign the chain is starting to see the fruits of those efforts. Plus, it helps that Walmart is simply selling a much wider array of goods through its digital marketplace, which includes third-party sellers. In January, the site offered 8 million different items for sale; today, that’s up to 15 million. Growth in the online business can’t come fast enough for Walmart, a distant second to Amazon.com in the e-commerce race. Walmart last week announced a a major gamble to build its digital muscle, saying it agreed to spend $3.3 billion to buy upstart Jet.com. The big-box chain also plans to install Jet’s founder, Marc Lore, as chief executive of Walmart e-commerce, a move that would put Lore’s fingerprints throughout its business. In remarks to investors and reporters Thursday morning, Walmart painted a different picture of the recent retail landscape than its rival, Target, had put forward a day earlier. After a disappointing quarter, Target executives spoke of great week-to-week volatility in sales and patchiness in business geographically, with stores in California performing strongly and East Coast stores seeing weakness. However, Walmart’s Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs described a different market: “Overall, we’re seeing a consumer that’s acting pretty steadily.” Greg Foran, the chief executive of Walmart U.S., said the retailer also saw fairly consistent performance across merchandise categories.  Comparable sales at Walmart’s U.S. business rose 1.6 percent in the quarter, making for eight consecutive periods of growth on that measure. While the uptick in traffic was the main driver of that growth, the retailer also recorded a 0.4 percent increase in “ticket,” or how much was spent per transaction. That suggests that when people came to Walmart, they were adding more items to their basket or were splurging on pricier goods. Both Walmart and Target have been racing to improve their grocery offering, looking to spruce up their presentation of their merchandise and striving to have fresher, more enticing produce the shelves. At least during this quarter, Walmart appeared to have a leg up on its competitor. The chain saw positive comparable sales and an uptick in traffic in the grocery aisles, even as the industry overall saw a deflation in food prices. Target meanwhile, reported it recorded a decline in comparable sales in this department, despite intense effort to offer better quality and assortment. Overall, profit jumped 8.6 percent to $3.8 billion; earnings per share rose 12 percent to $1.21. Walmart’s stock was up about 1.6 percent in pre-market trading. business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Donald Trump lost most of the American economy in this election 2 Trump just announced he’d abandon the TPP on day one. This is what happens next. 3 The worst-case scenario for the economy under Trump just happened in another country 4 The secretive brain trust of Silicon Valley insiders who are helping Trump 5 Trump wants to dump the Paris climate deal, but 71 percent of Americans support it, survey finds Market Watch DJIA 0.39% NASDAQ 0.25% Get quote Last Update: 3:44 PM 11/22/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Stocks Fall as Investors Parse Earnings; Walmart Beats Estimates U.S. stocks slipped Thursday as investors analyze quarterly results from Walmart and Cisco. Scott Gamm Aug 18, 2016 10:05 AM EDT U.S. stocks slipped Thursday as investors analyzed quarterly results from Walmart (WMT) and Cisco (CSCO) . Walmart shares rose 3 percent after reporting second quarter earnings that beat analysts' forecasts on the top and bottom lines. Comparable store sales grew 1.6 percent, the biggest increase in eight quarters. Digital sales gained 11.8 percent, compared to a 16 percent increase in the same quarter a year ago. Cisco shares dipped 1.3 percent after unveiling plans to lay off 5,500 workers, lower than the 14,000 cuts mentioned in various news reports on Wednesday. Fourth-quarter earnings, released Thursday, of $0.63 a share eclipsed estimates of $0.60. Revenue dipped 1.6 percent year-over-year to $12.64 billion, topping estimates of $12.57 billion. More questions surround the alleged gunpoint robbery of U.S. Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte. While Lochte has returned to the U.S., two of his teammates, who were reportedly with Lochte during the incident, were plucked from a U.S.-bound flight last night, as authorities seek more information. A Brazilian judge questioned the validity of Lochte's initial account of what took place. TheStreet's Scott Gamm reports from Wall Street. If you liked this article you might like Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST Black Friday Winners Will Include J.C. Penney, Ulta, Kate Spade, Says One Retail Expert As the holiday shopping season gets under way, some retailers are emerging as standout winners. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 22, 2016 5:20 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Accessibility survey: Please help us improve accessibility on FT.com Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office UK trade deal far from top priority for Canada Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Matteo Renzi’s reform fails to resonate in Italy’s poor south US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade Ex-US military chief voices concern at generals’ role under Trump Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Citigroup tops list of global banks posing systemic risk Daimler executive removed after ‘racist rant’ in China Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Michael Sherwood, the man who led Goldman’s growth in Europe Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory US equities push further into record territory What markets expect from the Autumn Statement Don’t bet on Donald Trump opening the spigots on US oil Autumn Statement set to leave UK assets facing winter winds Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Italy’s referendum holds the key to the future of the euro Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade I’m leaving and I want you to join me Britons who shout loudest are not always the worst-off Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Entrepreneurial MBA students struggle against immigration curbs Apprenticeships are new route into legal world Law school admissions collapse continues Advice for Lucy Kellaway and other career-change teachers Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read In defence of my decor and picture-hanging skills Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier ‘Luxury is a bygone word’: Jonathan Anderson’s vision for Loewe Vroom with a view: across Italy in a classic car Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Asda posts its worst quarterly sales fall Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Take the accessibility survey Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app

null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. America is now Walmart country The Street 8/18/2016 Brian Sozzi © AP Photo Walmart Hammering home the message of cheap is serving Walmart well in the U.S. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 70.78 +0.66 +0.94% Target Corp TGT ▲ 78.87 +1.00 +1.28% The world's largest retailer reported Thursday that second-quarter sales rose 0.5% to $120.8 billion, beating Wall Street forecasts of $120.2 billion. Earnings came in at $1.07 a share vs. the $1.02 a share estimate of analysts. Walmart guided to 95 cents a share to $1.08 a share three months ago. The company lifted its full-year profit forecast Thursday to $4.15 a share to $4.35 a share from its previous outlook of $4 to $4.30 a share. But the standout was the sales strength at Walmart U.S., especially a day after rival Target reported a surprising second-quarter sales decline. Walmart U.S. notched its eighth straight same-store sales increase with a gain of 1.6%, in large part driven by more people visiting its supercenters. The increase in traffic was likely aided by the company's investments in lower product prices in areas such as food, better customer service from higher paid workers and those higher paid workers spending more in a Walmart store. Clearly, Walmart's emphasis on value during a summer slowdown in the jobs market and general consumer uncertainty is something that competitor Target could have used. Target's second-quarter same-store sales fell 1.1%, a sharp reversal from a 2.4% increase a year ago, thanks to a decline in customer traffic. It marked the first time Target delivered a same-store sales decline since a 0.3% drop in the first quarter of 2015, according to Bloomberg data. Target CEO Brian Cornell suggested on a call with analysts Wednesday that Target has to emphasize the "pay less" portion of its long-time "expect more, pay less" marketing message. Added Chief Financial Officer Cathy Smith, "We have to not just emphasize style, but also reach those consumers that are intensely focused on value." Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Street Jim Cramer -- Buy a Stock 'When Everyone Hates It' The Street Deere Earnings Better-Than-Expected, but Don't Hold Your Breath The Street Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes The Street Sling TV's Addition to Comcast's X1 Platform Reflects Pay-TV's New Dynamics The Street The Street View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
{{ currentBoardShortName }} Markets Indices FX Energy Metals {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} Markets As of: {{timeStamp.date}} {{timeStamp.time}} Markets {{ currentBoardShortName }} Markets Indices FX Energy Metals {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} Are you looking for a stock? Try one of these {{result.description}} {{result.ric}} More Results BNN Are you looking for a stock? Try one of these {{result.description}} {{result.ric}} More Results Markets Video Shows TV Market Call Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Company News Commodities Technology Economics ETFs C-Suite Interviews Market Call Market Call Tonight Schedule Markets Video Shows TV Market Call Scoreboard BNN News Investing News Video REITs Preferred Shares Dow hits record high for third straight day, TSX down on commodity prices David Burrows' Top Picks: November 22, 2016 Matt Kacur's Top Picks: November 22, 2016 TMX Group did not violate competition rules, watchdog finds Craig Porter's Top Picks: November 21, 2016 McCreath: Pessimists may be wrong about three important European elections Bruce Tatters' Top Picks: November 21, 2016 Larry Berman: Momentum and liquidity factors Stan Wong's Top Picks: November 18, 2016 Frank Holmes' Top Picks: November 18, 2016 Track panda Da Mao's stock picks CIBC’s tax-loss selling strategy: Sell now, not in December Bashed bonds steady as Bank of Japan steps in to arrest rate pressure caused by Trump Derek Warren's Top Picks: November 17, 2016 Zachary Curry's Top Picks: November 17, 2016 U.S. dollar negatives may hit first before Trump's fiscal positives: CMC Markets Foreign investment in Canadian securities stays strong in September Winners and losers of Trump's U.S. election victory, one week later John Zechner's Top Picks: November 16, 2016 Personal Finance News Video Move over, Gen Y: Gen Z is ready to spend Pattie Lovett-Reid: How to shop wisely on Black Friday, Cyber Monday 4 in 10 Canadians say they'll need to cut back on lifestyle: Study Pattie Lovett-Reid: Is talking about money tacky? Nearly one-in-four Canadians worried about how to pay for groceries: Study Personal Investor: What you should know before making a TFSA contribution Personal Investor: Staying diversified in a world on edge Pattie Lovett-Reid: Get ready for volatility and more Trump uncertainty Pattie Lovett-Reid: Can we handle piling on more debt? Canadians ramp up debt as low rates expected 'for a long time': Report Personal Investor: New U.S. president, same old retirement crisis Pattie Lovett-Reid: What average investors should do about the U.S. election Personal Investor: Bankruptcy cloud hangs over holiday spending season Personal Investor: What the Clinton vs. Trump race means for your retirement portfolio Visa offers Manitobans $10 credit for shopping somewhere other than Wal-Mart Pattie Lovett-Reid: Time to start sharing your financial wins Breaking up is hard to do: When and why to look for a new financial advisor What salary should you be making? LinkedIn, Glassdoor add tools to reveal your pay potential Personal Investor: How to spot a boiler room investment scam Real Estate News Video Home Prices REITs House Money CMHC CEO warns critics ignoring ‘drunken brew’ of hot home prices, high debt levels Five things upending Canadians’ understanding of housing Want to list your home on Airbnb? 4 tips to consider first Royal Bank to hike fixed mortgage rates as bond market tumbles Vancouver passes 1% tax on empty homes Canadian housing boom continues, while Vancouver market ‘returning to earth’ Toronto, Vancouver markets stay hot as Canadian housing prices rise 0.2% Ontario targets first-time homebuyers in bid to deliver housing relief Vancouver proposes 1% empty homes tax Trump presidency may drive Americans into Canadian real estate: Royal LePage CEO Housing starts slip in October, as B.C. sees big drop: CMHC Calgary office vacancy rate headed for 30% as oil downturn continues Toronto diverges from Vancouver as home sales hit all-time high Vancouver home sales plunge 39% in October, 3 months after foreign buyers' tax TD raises mortgage prime rate by 0.15% in wake of Ottawa's new rules Statistics Canada working to close gaps in key housing data Morneau says Ottawa has 'no further action under consideration' to cool hot housing markets ‘Huge surge’ of Airbnb listings from people over 50 Company News News Video Bombardier wins 8-year, $331M rail contract from Montreal CP Rail settles lawsuit with rival Canadian National Railway for $25M Toyota recalls 60,000 Sienna minivans in Canada due to unsafe doors Just 300 calories? Chipotle sued over chorizo burrito’s nutrition information Couche-Tard raises quarterly dividend 16% as Q2 profit falls McDonald's partners with WestJet as coffee battle takes to the skies Citi and JPMorgan top list of globally systemically important banks Sun Life now selling life insurance to HIV-positive Canadians Why men's skincare could become a billion-dollar industry in Canada Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs by 2020, save US$3.9B in labour agreement ARC sells Saskatchewan oil-producing assets to Spartan for $700 million ​Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60% stake in TerraForm Power ‘These guys got nailed’: Former Valeant, Phildor execs arrested on fraud, conspiracy charges Eugene Melnyk is turning bullish on Valeant TD Bank quietly raises fixed mortgage rates after similar move by RBC Gap to shut more stores, reports seventh straight quarterly sales decline Ford Canada names Mark Buzzell as new president and CEO Former TMX exec Kevan Cowan to join new Canadian securities regulator ​Wal-Mart Q3 profit falls on e-commerce, in-store changes Wells Fargo account openings drop 44% in October on sales scandal Commodities News Show Guests Oil Energy Gold Mining Trump’s energy policies could force Trudeau to ‘soften’ impact of environmental rules: Report Oil prices rise even as doubts remain on OPEC-led cut 'Chapter 22' looms over some U.S. oil and gas bankruptcy survivors Pot stocks tumble as Ottawa tightens reimbursement rules for veterans Carbon tax won't affect oil sands development if crude rises above US$60: Report Get real: Time for an adult conversation on legalizing drugs, says law professor Saskatchewan's Brad Wall slams Ottawa’s ‘disingenuous’ approach amid coal phase-out plan OPEC experts make progress on first day of output talks Marijuana stock euphoria: Should you join the wild ride? Canada should focus on ‘own backyard’ rather than Keystone XL in U.S., Doer says ‘Socially sensitive’ marijuana stocks like Canopy Growth too risky: Money manager Calgary's health-care industry hit by the energy price slowdown ARC sells Saskatchewan oil-producing assets to Spartan for $700 million Trump's hostility toward foreign oil may not extend to Canada: Money manager Canopy Growth halted five times as Canadian marijuana stocks go on wild ride ‘I am optimistic’: The pipeline projects that Canadian energy CEOs want built the most Suncor forecasts 13% production increase, lower spending in 2017 Winners and losers of Trump's U.S. election victory, one week later Technology News Video The Disruptors Facebook reportedly builds censorship tool to re-enter China after 7-year ban CRTC reduces most TV provider license renewals to a year, says Canadians should 'shop around' HP Enterprise's profit forecast misses estimates, sending shares lower Tesla Motors closes deal for solar panel installer SolarCity DH Corp. to slash dividend 62.5% amid 'strategic transformation' Wind rebrands as Freedom Mobile, CEO vows it won’t do 'anything silly' with prices Google, other tech giants rush to invest in Montreal AI research lab Samsung brand in U.S. not damaged by massive Galaxy Note 7 recall: Poll Amazon gears up to bring Prime Video service to Canada ‘any day’ Facebook sets US$6 billion buyback; accounting chief resigns ‘A lack of corporate courage’: Why Trump triumphs over Canadian CEOs on Twitter Award-winning film producer slams Netflix, Amazon for putting Canada at disadvantage Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO Tesla's Elon Musk wins approval to acquire SolarCity Salesforce's quarterly revenue up on cloud-based sales, beats estimates Russia blocks LinkedIn after court ruling Lexus's newest concept car is inspired by … Sriracha hot sauce Airbnb becomes full-service travel company with new offerings CRTC partners U.S. counterpart to fight unwanted robocalls, ID spoofing Economics News Video Five Trump business ties that pose conflicts Richard Branson calls Canada ‘beacon of hope’, slams Trump's 'dangerous' trade stance U.K. cuts 2017 growth forecast in first budget since Brexit vote Liberal government to 'explore acquisition' of 18 Boeing-made Super Hornet fighter jets Saskatchewan deficit balloons to $1B with falling resource, tax revenue Massive earthquake could mean $127.5B hit to Canadian economy: Conference Board Canada’s neglect of natural resource industries will hurt trade talks, David Emerson warns Canada's inflation rate rises, food prices fall for first time since 2000 Citi and JPMorgan top list of globally systemically important banks Canadian wholesale trade falls 1.2% in September McCreath: Pessimists may be wrong about three important European elections Canada, Mexico to discuss NAFTA strategy this weekend, sources say Improving economy strengthens case for rate hike, U.S. Fed's Yellen says Canada doesn't need to move in step with U.S. Fed on rates: BoC's Timothy Lane Canada expects Britain to be part of CETA deal, Finance Minister Morneau says Canadian manufacturing sales rise 0.3% in September, topping expectations December rate hike may get U.S. rates to neutral setting, Fed's Bullard says Trudeau 'not worried' about competing with U.S. for infrastructure investment Why Trump's fiscal measures to boost growth won't live up to the hype Canada plans trade talks with U.S., Mexico, Morneau says ETFs News Video Berman's Call ETF Report: 4 ways to play U.S. regional banks Larry Berman: Momentum and liquidity factors ETF Report: How giant panda Da Mao's picks have performed so far Larry Berman: Smart beta ETFs with momentum and value strategies Larry Berman: Multi-factor smart indexing models ETF Report: Vanguard's record run Why gold ETF flows are critical to gold price trajectory Newly revamped ETF lets investors take position on Canadian natural gas Breakouts & Breakdowns: 6 reasons to like Russia Larry Berman: A look at quality vs. volatility smart beta strategies How ETFs are uncovering buys for active fund managers ETF Report: How a blogger built a fund ETF Report: Ways to play Netflix ETF Report: Shrinking Canadian equity ETFs ETF Report: A bet against Deutsche Bank and subprime loans ETF Report: Active vs. passive investing ETF Report: Samsung woes hit ETFs John Hood's Top Picks: October 6, 2016 ETF Report: Massive money flows into fixed income ETF Report: BlackRock cuts fees to boost market share C-Suite Interviews News Video McDonald's partners with WestJet as coffee battle takes to the skies Eugene Melnyk is turning bullish on Valeant Jaguar unveils I-PACE, takes Tesla's Model X SUV head-on Enercare down more than 9% over the past week despite strong third quarter Canada needs to ‘rethink’ carbon tax, top Canadian energy executive says ‘I am optimistic’: The pipeline projects that Canadian energy CEOs want built the most 'Not going to happen': Martinrea chair on Google, Apple's carmaking visions Alberta gas could help lower Ontario energy bills: Birchcliff CEO Canadian regulatory challenges give global investors pause MEC CEO: Great time for us to expand in Alberta GMP Capital CEO: Hanging onto Richardson GMP to keep an independent voice ‘We’ll survive’: Canadian energy CEOs weigh in on Trump’s impact on the sector Dodd-Frank legislation was a 'joke': Caldwell Securities Canada extremely important to the U.S.: Senior Trump advisor Enerplus CEO: RMP asset acquisiton a great fit for us Canopy Growth shares surge as weed maker’s revenue soars 245% from a year ago As Trump takes White House, Crescent Point CEO eyes end to oil and gas disruptions ‘All the uncertainty is erased’: 7 Canadian business leaders share their hopes for Trump Cascades CEO: European market conditions not improving Brookfield CEO says asset manager building up cash after 8-year bull run Market Call Video Guests Picks Market Call Tonight Market Call Tonight Video Guests Picks Market Call Schedule Markets Video Shows TV Market Call More Markets Video Shows TV Market Call BREAKING NEWS MANY FED OFFICIALS SAW STABILITY RISKS IF JOB MARKET OVERHEATED BREAKING NEWS MINUTES SHOW MOST U.S. FED OFFICIALS SAW RATE HIKE APPROPRIATE "RELATIVELY SOON" Company News News Video Article News Video More News Video Latest Videos {{ currentStream.Name }} Related Video Up Next Now Showing {{ video.Name }} Continuous Play: ON OFF The information you requested is not available at this time, please check back again soon. Most Popular {{item.title | formatTitle}} Company News Aug 18 BNN's Daily Chase: Aritzia files for IPO, Canadian debt levels on the rise By Noah Zivitz Credit cards, The Canadian Press Noah Zivitz Managing Editor, BNN Follow|Archive Aritzia prepares to test the waters with IPO on the TSX There’s a breakthrough in Canada’s IPO market. Women’s fashion retailer Aritzia has filed for an initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Since Hydro One’s massive offering last year, Canada’s IPO market has ground to a virtual halt. Today we’re assessing market demand for new listings, and looking into who could be next in line.  Here are the ways we will look at this today: Most importantly, how much investor demand is there for IPOs on the TSX? Who’s next in line to go public?   What does Aritzia’s prospectus tell us about its growth strategy? (more on that below) In case you missed BNN’s last interview with TMX CEO Lou Eccleston, it’s worth reviewing what he told BNN's Amber Kanwar about the IPO pipeline just a few weeks ago.  Inside Aritzia’s prospectus As always, the IPO prospectus is a gold mine for information on the company that’s dressing itself up for public consumption. Some tidbits from the filing: It will be a dual-class share structure There are no plans to pay a dividend (“we intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business”) The company has big plans for its nascent ecommerce business. The digital portal launched in 2013, and revenue from that stream now accounts for 12 per cent of total revenue. Aritzia wants to see that metric hit 25 per cent by FY 2021.  Aritzia thinks it has a “meaningful opportunity” to expand its bricks and mortar business, “particularly in the United States.” It’s aiming for up to 30 new stores by FY 2021.  Revenue in the year ending May 29 was $570.5 million, compared with $427.4 million in the year ending March 1, 2015. Aritzia says it thinks revenue could hit $1.2 billion by the end of FY 2021.  Profit in the year ending May 29 was $38.1 million, compared with $16.5 million in the year ending March 1, 2015.  Aritzia says it thinks adjusted profit could hit $130 million by the end of FY 2021.  Wal-Mart raises outlook, fends off Canadian competitors     Wal-Mart shares rose 3 per cent in pre-market trading after the retailer raised its full-year profit forecast on the back of second-quarter earnings that beat estimates. While by no means a primary driver for the company, Wal-Mart’s Canadian division managed to grow amid intensifying competition.“Despite increased promotional activity by competitors throughout the quarter, comp sales increased 1.1 per cent,” CFO Brett Biggs said during a conference call. Wal-Mart also trumpeted Nielsen data showing it’s gaining market share among food retailers. We’ll discuss Wal-Mart’s strategy for competing with Amazon in the States and the incumbent grocers in Canada.  Brett Biggs, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. EVP & CFO: "In Canada [...] comp sales have now been positive for nine consecutive quarters, and according to Nielsen we continued to gain market share in food and consumables and health and wellness. Our cost analytics program made good progress helping drive down cost of goods allowing us to invest in price. Excluding the gain from the sale of certain properties in Canada last year, operating income increased faster than sales. Additionally, we continue to decrease inventory levels and improve efficiency from a store and labor perspective." Good news, bad news story on Canadian household debt A new report today from Equifax shows second-quarter consumer debt (ex-mortgages) reached $1.7 trillion in Canada, compared with $1.6 trillion a year ago. And it’s the most elderly Canadians who heaped on the most leverage, as Canadians aged 65+ saw their debt levels rise 8.2 per cent to $15,001. The good news is that demographic was the only age bracket whose delinquency rate fell in the period. It was another story among millennials, as Canadians aged 18-25 saw their delinquency rate surge almost 12 per cent (albeit from a relatively low level).      Canada Post and union still sparring  With the seemingly ever-present threat of a postal service interruption hanging over the country, the two sides are still at loggerheads. Canada Post warned late yesterday that “Canadians could expect” the union to serve 72-hour strike notice by August 25, when their strike mandate is set to expire. For its part, the union is threatening to “confront” Canada Post’s “elusive” CEO at tomorrow’s AGM.  We’ll continue tracking this story as it unfolds.  Releases/events:  -Notable earnings: Wal-Mart, Gap TSX 15,000 watch: Closed Wednesday at 14,697.60 Last traded at 15,000 on June 4, 2015 Every morning Commodities host Andrew Bell writes a ‘chase note’ to BNN's editorial staff listing the stories and events that will be in the spotlight that day. Today's note was written by BNN's Managing Editor Noah Zivitz. Have it delivered to your inbox before the trading day begins by heading to www.bnn.ca/subscribe. Top Picks 4:22 David Burrows' Top Picks: November 22, 2016 3:49 Matt Kacur's Top Picks: November 22, 2016 5:10 Craig Porter's Top Picks: November 21, 2016 BNN Live Video Stream Subscribe to BNN Newsletters Mobile BNN Personalities Weekly Schedule Channel Guide Contact Us Media Kit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Web site FAQ © 2016 All Rights Reserved
CLOSE Home Today St. Louis Latin America Politics U.S. Latin America World Economy U.S. Latino America World Science & Tech Science Technology Health Sports Boxing Soccer Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Life & Style Arts Fashion Food Night Life Travel Real Estate Home & Decor Spirituality Entertainment Events Movies Music Classifieds Classifieds Saint Louis, MO Weather Forecast Afrikaans AfrikaansAlbanianArabicArmenianAzerbaijaniBasqueBelarusianBengaliBosnianBulgarianCatalanCebuanoChinese(Simplified)Chinese(Traditional)CroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishEsperantoEstonianFilipinoFinnishFrenchGalicianGeorgianGermanGreekGujaratiHaitianHausaHebrewHindiHmongHungarianIcelandicIgboIndonesianIrishItalianJapaneseJavaneseKannadaKhmerKoreanLaoLatinLatvianLithuanianMacedonianMalayMalteseMaoriMarathiMongolianNepaliNorwegianPersianPolishPortuguesePunjabiRomanianRussianSerbianSlovakSlovenianSomaliSpanishSwahiliSwedishTamilTeluguThaiTurkishUkranianUrduVietnameseWelshYiddishYorubaZulu Red Latina is now proudly partnered with Home Today St. Louis Latin America Politics U.S. Latin America World Economy U.S. Latino America World Science & Tech Science Technology Health Sports Boxing Soccer Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Life & Style Arts Fashion Food Night Life Travel Real Estate Home & Decor Spirituality Entertainment Events Movies Music Classifieds Exhaust Hood Cleaner Technician Wanted UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD EVENT NEW NORTHSIDE’S HEALTH & WELLNESS FAIR BLUE 1647 APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS Career Fair Four Seasons Hotel Afrikaans AfrikaansAlbanianArabicArmenianAzerbaijaniBasqueBelarusianBengaliBosnianBulgarianCatalanCebuanoChinese(Simplified)Chinese(Traditional)CroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishEsperantoEstonianFilipinoFinnishFrenchGalicianGeorgianGermanGreekGujaratiHaitianHausaHebrewHindiHmongHungarianIcelandicIgboIndonesianIrishItalianJapaneseJavaneseKannadaKhmerKoreanLaoLatinLatvianLithuanianMacedonianMalayMalteseMaoriMarathiMongolianNepaliNorwegianPersianPolishPortuguesePunjabiRomanianRussianSerbianSlovakSlovenianSomaliSpanishSwahiliSwedishTamilTeluguThaiTurkishUkranianUrduVietnameseWelshYiddishYorubaZulu Home All Walmart Changes the Grocery Shopping Game with New Pickup Service in the... Walmart Changes the Grocery Shopping Game with New Pickup Service in the St. Louis area All Economy Local Today St. Louis Aug 18, 2016 0 106 Walmart Store in the St. Louis area. Photo: Saint Louis Post - Dispatch English Version Spanish Version   Customers Can Choose from 30,000 Items, Including Fresh Produce, Meats and Organic Groceries   St. Louis, MO – Grocery shopping is about to get a whole lot easier for St. Louis area shoppers. Walmart, the largest grocer in the U.S., will launch its online grocery pickup service at five St. Louis area stores starting next week (see complete list below). The free service enables customers to order groceries online and pick them up at their local Walmart store without even leaving their cars. “At Walmart, we have always been known for saving our customers money, and, with services like grocery pickup, we are also saving them valuable time,” said Sarah Borgmann, Walmart eCommerce Market Coach for St. Louis and Columbia. “Our customers have told us that grocery pickup is a game changer. They are now able to complete their grocery shopping in a matter of minutes – between errands or on their way home from an after-school activity – without even unbuckling their seat belts.” Walmart’s grocery pickup service features 30,000 items with more than 90 percent of customers choosing to add fresh meat, dairy or produce to their baskets. Other top items selected by grocery pickup shoppers include after school snacks, diapers and large dog food bags. In the St. Louis area, Walmart will also offer regional brands and items such as Louisa toasted ravioli and Maull’s barbecue sauce for pickup. All items are priced at the same low prices customers find in their local Walmart store.   How it Works Order and Choose a Pickup Time: Customers visit walmart.com/grocery online or through the Walmart Grocery mobile app, enter their zip codes to select a local store and begin creating their shopping lists. During checkout, they select a time to pick up their orders. Personal Grocery Shoppers Fill the Basket: Highly-trained personal shoppers carefully select the freshest produce, meats and other items each customer requested. Pick Up and Go: Once a customer arrives at the pickup location, there will be reserved parking spaces marked in orange and a designated number to call to alert an associate. An associate will quickly retrieve the prepared order and load it into the customer’s car. Quality Guaranteed Walmart always guarantees the quality of the food being picked up or purchased in store through its Freshness Guarantee for meat and produce. If customers are unsatisfied with an item, they simply bring back the receipt for a full refund. Local Stores Walmart’s Online Grocery service will be available next week at the following five area stores: Festus Supercenter, located at 650 S. Truman Blvd., Festus, MO 62028 (service begins July 25) Collinsville Supercenter, located at 1040 Collinsville Crossing, Blvd., Collinsville, IL 62234 (service begins July 25) Arnold Supercenter, located at 2201 Michigan Ave., Arnold, MO 63010 (service begins July 25) Washington Supercenter, 1701 A Roy Dr, Washington, MO 63090 (service begins July 26) Lake Saint Louis Supercenter, located at 6100 Ronald Reagan Dr., Lake Saint Louis, MO 63367 (service begins July 26)   Making Shopping Even Easier Walmart’s Online Grocery service is one of many ways Walmart is using technology to create a better shopping experience for its customers. Another tool is the Walmart mobile app which is used by more than 20 million customers monthly* and ranks among the top three retail apps in the Google and Apple app stores. The app enhances the shopping experience in Walmart stores with features including refilling pharmacy prescriptions, finding an item’s store location and Walmart Pay, a safe, easy and convenient way for customers to pay with their smartphones in Walmart stores (available nationwide this summer).     Walmart Cambia la Manera de Comprar Comestibles Con el Nuevo Servicio de Recogida en el área metropolitana de St. Louis   Los Clientes Pueden Seleccionar de entre 30,000 Artículos Incluyendo Verduras y Frutas Frescas, Carnes y Comestibles Orgánicos   St. Louis, MO —La compra de comestibles en St. Louis se ha hecho mucho más fácil para los compradores. Walmart la tienda de comestibles más grande de Estados Unidos lanzó su servicio de recogida de comestibles en línea la semana que entra en tiendas del área metropolitana de St. Louis. El servicio gratuito permite a los clientes hacer sus pedidos de comestibles en el internet y recogerlos en su tienda Walmart local sin siquiera salir de sus vehículos. “En Walmart, somos conocidos por ahorrarle dinero a nuestros clientes y con los servicios como la recogida de comestibles, estamos también ahorrándoles valioso tiempo,” dijo Sarah Borgmann, Walmart eCommerce Market Coach para St. Louis y Columbia. “Nuestros clientes nos han dicho que el servicio de recoger alimentos ha cambiado el terreno de juego.  Ahora son capaces de completar su compra de comestibles en cuestión de minutos—entre los mandados o de camino a sus casas de una actividad después de la escuela sin siquiera desabrocharse los cinturones de seguridad.” El servicio de recogida de comestibles de Walmart dispone de 30,000 artículos con más del 90 por ciento de los clientes eligiendo añadir carnes frescas, lácteos y productos agrícolas frescos a sus canastas.  Otros artículos que encabezan la lista seleccionados por compradores que recogen sus comestibles incluyen refrigerios para después de la escuela, pañales y bolsas grandes de comida de perro.  En St. Louis, Walmart también ofrecerá con este servicio marcas de mercadería regional y artículos  tales como raviolis tostados de marca Louisa y salsa barbeque marca Maull’s.  Todos los artículos tienen el mismo precio bajo que se encuentran en las tiendas locales de Walmart. Como Funciona Haga Su Pedido y Escoja la hora Para Recogerlo: Los clientes van al sitio Walmart.com/grocery en línea o por medio de la aplicación móvil Walmart Grocery, ingresan sus códigos postales para seleccionar su tienda local y empiezan a crear sus listas de compras. A la hora de pagar, seleccionan la hora que recogerán sus pedidos. Compradores Personales de Comestibles Llenan sus Canastas-Compradores personales altamente entrenados seleccionaran cuidadosamente los productos agrícolas más frescos, carnes y otra mercancía solicitada por el cliente. Recoger y Ya: Una vez que el cliente llegue a la zona de recogida, habrá espacios reservados marcados de color naranja, y un número telefónico designado para llamar y alertar a un asociado. Un asociado rápidamente llevará el pedido ya preparado y lo colocará en el interior del vehículo del cliente. Calidad Garantizada Walmart siempre garantiza la calidad de los alimentos recogidos o comprados en las tiendas a través de su Garantía de Frescura de sus carnes y comestibles.  Si el artículo no es del agrado del cliente, solamente tiene que traer de vuelta el recibo de compra para recibir un reembolso completo. Tiendas Locales  El servicio de Comestibles Online de Walmart está ahora disponible en las siguientes five tiendas del área: Festus Supercenter, situado en 650 S. Truman Blvd., Festus, MO 62028 Collinsville Supercenter, situado en 1040 Collinsville Crossing, Blvd., Collinsville, IL 62234 Arnold Supercenter, situado en 2201 Michigan Ave., Arnold, MO 63010 Washington Supercenter, situado en 1701 A Roy Dr, Washington, MO 63090 Lake Saint Louis Supercenter, situado en 6100 Ronald Reagan Dr., Lake Saint Louis, MO 63367 El servicio de Comestibles Online de Walmart es una de las muchas maneras que Walmart está usando la tecnología para crear una mejor experiencia de compras para sus clientes.  Otra herramienta es la aplicación móvil de Walmart utilizada por más de veintidós millones de usuarios mensualmente* y está clasificada entre los tres apps de minoristas más buscados en las tiendas de apps de Google y Apple. El app mejora la experiencia de compras en las tiendas Walmart y cuenta con la renovación de recetas médicas en la farmacia, la ubicación de artículos en la tienda y Walmart Pay, la forma fácil, rápida y segura de clientes pagar con sus teléfonos inteligentes (smartphones). (disponible este verano a través de toda la nación).       TAGS pick up services Red Latina saint louis Walmart Twitter Facebook Google + Pinterest Previous articleFWD.us: Clinton is candidate who can change "broken" immigration system Next articleCar Accidents – Can We Avoid Them? Red Latina SIMILAR ARTICLES Pfizer plans $200M building, consolidation in St. Louis area Nov 22, 2016 0 78 Costa Rica orders red alert, evacuation as Tropical Storm Otto nearsg Nov 22, 2016 0 96 NO COMMENTS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Red Latina RedLatinaTV Upcoming Events Stay Connected Our Partners Continental Fabricators Bright Sky James Fisher John Cichelero Gonzalo Fernandez Wichmer & Groneck cleaningheg Contact@redlatinastl.com | 314-772-6362 | P.O. Box 4743, St. Louis 63108 | About Us | Advertise w/Us | Jobs & Internships Red Latina STL | Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy Translate » Estrella TV Here is some information on advertising with us. Continue to Estralla TV Mundo Fox Here is some information on advertising with us. Continue to Mundo Fox
Skip to content Marketing can change the world Newsletter Editions Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Subscribe Newsletter Subscribe Sections News The Latest news for the marketing & media industries. Creative Works Explore the latest, and greatest, creative work from around the globe. Awards Providing great companies with the recognition they deserve. Events Holding events to support, inform, challenge and advise. Profile Hub Latest case studies and news from Agencies and Freelancers. Research Features providing insights into the marketing industries. Network Take a fresh approach to raising your profile with potential clients. Jobs Search 2,345 jobs in marketing, advertising, creative and media. Works Creating compelling content your customers will love. The fastest way to find the right agency Follow The Drum Advertise About Contact Newsletter Subscribe Americas Europe Asia-Pacific News Creative Works Awards Drum Network Research Events Profile Hub Jobs Works RAR Sections News Marketing Digital Advertising Creative Media Opinion Video All Marketing B2B Marketing Sponsorship Public Relations Experiential Marketing Diversity Digital Programmatic Digital Advertising Social Media Mobile Artificial Intelligence (AI) search Advertising Ad of the Day Ad of the Week Native Advertising Branded Content Outdoor Advertising The Secret of My Success Creative Creative Works Design Branding Creative Cities Media Newspapers Radio Categories Industry Insights Career Jobs Below the line data Entertainment awards Sectors Retail FMCG Sport Technology Charity Auto Public Sector Telecoms Transport & Logistics Travel & Leisure Utilities Video games Property Food & Drink Consumer Goods Arts Construction Education Industrial Video The Day Before Tomorrow Man About Asia smbuzzchat John's Weird Week Everything You Need To Know Research women in search RAR Independent Agencies Whitepapers 50 under 30 Design Census Digerati Mobile Top 100 Design 100 Diversity census Latest News Marketing23 November 2016 The Legacy Lab Honors launches to honor brand leaders Advertising23 November 2016 The Drum Network Should political advertising be regulated? Advertising23 November 2016 Creative Works US Creative Work of the Week: Hill Holliday gives Bank of America’s holiday spot a magical twist Marketing23 November 2016 Opinion How it feels to be courted as an influencer More News Asda suffers new low as sales tank 7.5% and pressure intensifies for marketing boss Andy Murray By Jennifer Faull-18 August 2016 13:32pm Asda Walmart owned Asda has suffered another devastating blow to its sales which were down a record 7.5 per cent in the second-quarter, intensifying the already high pressure on its marketing team. It is now the eighth consecutive quarter of declining sales leading Walmart's chief executive Doug McMillon to stress that it’s being addressed “with urgency”. The retailer blamed “the competitive environment” – in other words Aldi and Lidl – as well as food deflation for the fall, but reiterated statements made previously that it will focus on “improving the retail basics” and “strengthening its offering” as well as the ploughing ahead with its £1.5bn price-reduction plan to turn its fortunes around. “While our turn-around will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency,” said McMillion. However, the grace period for this new leadership team is quickly drawing to a close. This is the first trading update under new UK boss Sean Clarke, who joined in July, and the second quarter for chief customer officer Andy Murray who joined the company earlier this year. Given Asda's performance over the past two years, time is a luxury they unfortunately don't have. Murray’s impact on the business hadn’t been felt beyond a reshuffle of its agency roster in April, but this quarter he launched its first campaign under new creative agency Saatchi and Saatchi. It starred celebrity chef James Martin and took a different direction than its previous marketing efforts, moving away from the bombardment of ‘low price’ messaging and instead tried to inspire shoppers about what they could rustle up with a few basic ingredients during the summer. “This ad marks the beginning of an exciting campaign that is designed to emotionally engage with our customers,” said Murray at the time. And while it is still early days, the campaign doesn’t seem to be having the desired effect. The issue lies in the fact that price, for a long time, has been what Asda sold itself on. The long-running 'Everyday Low Prices' proposition no longer resonates as strongly as it once did, given a basket of similar goods from Aldi and Lidl will come out on average 10 per cent less and although it’s clearly trying to define itself beyond being the cheapest supermarket an even deeper rethink of how it positions itself in the market is needed. Paul Thomas, senior consultant, Retail Remedy, said: “Asda's USP was that it was the cheapest grocer in the UK. They lost that crown to the discounters which leaves them with... and there is the problem. “Price investment is inevitable, but Asda needs more. Quality, value for money also go without saying. Asda used to be innovative but that gene has been inactive for some time now. Non-food is an asset and we would make more of that with theatre, excitement and use it to overcome the soul-less experience that is shopping in Asda. “Use the colleagues, engage them and they can transfer that enthusiasm to the customer.” US based-parent company Walmart delivered positive sales for the eighth consecutive quarter, up 1.6 per cent. It too has been on a cost-cutting drive and recently entered into what it described as a strategic partnership with Publicis Groupe that gave it “unfettered access” to all of the holding company’s agencies and resources. This article is about: UK, asda, walmart, second quarter, saatchi & saatchi, Marketing, Retail, Brand Jennifer Faull The Drum senior reporter Jen Faull provides news and insight on the latest developments in retail and FMCG. Twitter All by Jennifer Start the Conversation Related Articles UK asda walmart second quarter saatchi & saatchi Marketing Retail Brand Digital01 November 2016 Amazon Prime to launch in China without content streaming services Advertising31 October 2016 Creative Works Ad of the Day: Asda helps young werewolf - finally - do Halloween his way Marketing20 October 2016 ‘You need collaborative action’: ANA’s Bob Liodice on diversity and brands Digital19 October 2016 Walmart gets into online entertainment with ad-supported TV and movie streaming services Must Watch Watch the latest video news, chat shows and documentaries from the world of marketing and media. Sponsored Video 23 November 2016 Identity resolution bridges online and offline customer recognition gap - new episode of Everything You Need to Know: Data & Customer Experience Customers now have physical and digital identities, making it difficult for marketers to identify and target individual customers. In the latest episode of Ever... More Video 23 November 2016 Harrods ups its bid to compete in the media big league with the launch... 15 November 2016 Why ‘tailored services’ offered by companies are no longer relevant - ... 07 November 2016 DigitasLBi creatives rate ads by Playstation, Canary and TalkTalk | Ad... More Marketing Marketing23 November 2016 The Legacy Lab Honors launches to honor brand leaders Marketing23 November 2016 Opinion How it feels to be courted as an influencer Creative23 November 2016 Andrew Garfield gives awkward hugs in new PSA Marketing23 November 2016 Weed Wednesdays growing in popularity this holiday season Get the magazine app The Drum app brings you some of the world's best marketing and media news, analysis and creative insights. Already the UK and Europe's number one marketing platform, we are also now covering the USA and Asia. Get the magazine Delivered every fortnight, The Drum Magazine distils the babble of marketing industry commentary and news into a single intelligible and intelligent package. And because of its size, it has the space to showcase creative at its best. Subscribe Get our newsletter The Drum's biggest news and industry insights delivered straight to your inbox Signup to the newsletter More from around The Drum Digital11 October 2016 Sponsored The Automation of Creativity: How man & AI will work together to improve the ad industry Advertising09 November 2016 Sponsored Marketers are still missing the data connection - so here’s how to solve it Marketing21 November 2016 Sponsored General Electric: ‘We overcame our sceptics with Ecomagination’ Creative18 November 2016 The Drum Network The Create Britain Video Round Up Marketing can change the world News Creative Works Awards Live Events Network Profile Hub Research Works Jobs RAR About Advertise Diary Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Website Feedback © Carnyx Group Ltd 2016 | The Drum is a Registered Trademark and property of Carnyx Group Limited. All rights reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Here's Why Walmart Is Still Being Crushed By Amazon Walmart posted better-than-expected second quarter earnings Thursday, but the world's biggest retailer is still under siege from Amazon. Scott Gamm Aug 18, 2016 9:30 AM EDT Walmart (WMT) posted better-than-expected second quarter earnings Thursday, but the world's biggest retailer is still under siege from Amazon (AMZN) . 'They're relatively late to the online game,' said Michael Ingram, a market analyst with BGC Partners, based in London. Walmart's digital sales grew 11.8 percent during the quarter, down from 16 percent in the same quarter a year ago. Ingram said Walmart hopes its pending acquisition of Jet.com boosts online sales and puts the company in a better position to compete with Amazon. TheStreet's Scott Gamm reports from Wall Street. If you liked this article you might like Sling TV's Addition to Comcast's X1 Platform Reflects Pay-TV's New Dynamics Dish Network's Sling TV is eager to pass the 1 million subscriber mark, securing a deal with the cable giant to upsell the skinny bundle through its X1 set-top box. Leon Lazaroff Nov 23, 2016 12:56 PM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Here Is One Stock to Buy Now That the Dow Hit 19,000 The Dow Jones Industrial Average may be over 19,000, a record high, but that doesn't mean there aren't any opportunities left in the markets. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 9:04 AM EST Amazon Sports Service Won't Eat Disney's Lunch, But It Doesn't Have To With TV networks controlling the rights to the best sports content, Amazon's rumored sports package might not be too disruptive. But it could give Prime members another reason to renew. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 8:12 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown How to Trade Lilly, Deere and Other Most-Active Stocks Wednesday President Trump, Please Help GM Sell the Chevy Silverado to China Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Asda Asda rejects price war after eighth quarter of decline Walmart-owned chain will not increase investment in price cuts after losing further ground with 7.5% fall in sales Brett Biggs, Walmart’s chief financial officer, said: ‘Fierce competition and food deflation continue to challenge the market.’ Photograph: Chris Radburn/PA Sarah Butler @whatbutlersaw Thursday 18 August 2016 08.28 EDT Last modified on Thursday 18 August 2016 19.15 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 3 months old Asda has said it will not be increasing its investment in a price cuts regime despite a further 7.5% slump in sales in the spring. On Thursday, the Walmart-owned chain revealed the drop in sales at established stores for the three months to 30 June – a major worsening of performance after a 5.7% fall in the previous three months and its eighth quarter of decline. One retail analyst described the grocer’s performance as “fairly calamitous”. Walmart’s chief financial officer, Brett Biggs, admitted Asda had failed to win back customers from rivals. “In the UK, fierce competition and food deflation continue to challenge the market, significantly impacting traffic,” he said. But despite suggestions that Asda would try to win back shoppers from the likes of Aldi and Lidl with aggressive price cuts, Biggs said the company remained “committed to the previously announced five-year £1.5bn price investment”. “Our strategy remains focused on improving retail basics, simplifying and strengthening the offer through improved availability and assortment discipline, reducing costs through our cost analytics programme and driving sales through strategic price investments,” he said. UK supermarket sales suffer worst fall for at least two years Read more Neil Saunders, chief executive of industry analyst Conlumino, said: “In our view this is a fairly calamitous outcome and one that certainly reflects the challenges of the UK market, but also underlines the inadequacy of Asda’s response to it.” He said Walmart needed to invest more in price cuts as its traditional low price image had been blunted by heavy competition from Aldi and Lidl. “Walmart, as the biggest retailer in the world, has the firepower and expertise to fight back, but up until now it has been a sleeping giant. These figures will act as a wake up call and that position will, in our view, now change,” he said. But Clive Black, a food retail analyst at broker Shore Capital, said Asda’s problems were not just about price and it was no surprise that the company was not planning to hit the “nuclear button” on a price war. “Asda has got a stronger price perception and relation than a lot of its competitors and it is still underperforming. They have to look at a whole lot more. Their stores are boring and functional and they have lost the art of selling. Product quality is poor and reflects elements of their supply chain and low staff morale.” Asda has been losing market share for the past two years as Aldi and Lidl expanded rapidly, while bigger rival Tesco has improved its prices and service. Price deflation and the rise of online shopping, combined with the use of small local grocery stores, have driven sales declines at all the major traditional supermarket chains. But Asda, which does not operate a chain of small local stores and has based its marketing around price, is faring far worse than its major rivals. The group ousted Andy Clarke from his role as chief executive in June and replaced him with Sean Clarke, a former Asda employee who most recently ran Walmart’s Chinese business. Sean Clarke said: “Although Asda is in midst of a very challenging period there is no doubt in my mind that the culture that has always been at the heart of our success is still there. We’ve also started one of the biggest journeys of reinvention in our history to further build on our strong offer and I feel positive about the future.” Asda recruited Roger Burnley, Sainsbury’s operations head, last October and some analysts expected him to replace Clarke once his year-long notice period from Sainsbury’s was over. Burnley will become deputy chief executive when he arrives in October. Walmart’s chief executive, Doug McMillon, said: “While our turnaround will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency.” In the US, Walmart revealed a better than expected 1.4% rise in sales at established stores, excluding fuel, while total sales for the group rose 0.1% to $119.4bn in the three months to 31 July. The company lifted its profit expectations for the year as it revealed a 1.6% rise in operating profit to $6.2bn. Asda said its US operation had performed well because it had improved its stores, online operation andits prices. More news Topics Asda Retail industry Supermarkets Walmart Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Asda Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Walmart deal makes overnight millionaire even richer Walmart deal makes overnight millionaire even richer Posted on Thursday, August 18, 2016 by CNN in Business News It’s the get-rich-quick scheme that keeps on giving. Eric Martin of York, Pennsylvania, is in line for a massive payday following Walmart’s recent purchase of Jet.com for $3.3 billion. Martin doesn’t work for the startup retail/tech company, but he does own 100,000 of its shares thanks to a get rich quick scheme that made him an overnight millionaire. Here’s how it happened: Last year, Martin read about a Jet.com contest to get people to sign their friends up for a preview version of its service. Whoever registered the most people would be given a prize of 100,000 company shares. The 28-year old Martin went far beyond his friend circle, spending $18,000 in advertising on sites like Swagbucks and Gifthulk, which reward people for signing up for stuff online. In just three weeks, Martin signed up more than 8,000 people for Jet.com’s “Insider” program. The startup announced in February 2015 that Martin was the top-enroller, and handed over 100,000 shares. Jet.com has been secretive about its finances, but 100,000 shares was easily worth millions of dollars at the time. Fusion.net estimated a value of $20 million. The value of the shares ballooned even further when Walmart stepped in this month with its multi-billion dollar bid for Jet.com. The deal is the largest acquisition ever of a U.S. e-commerce company. “There was a lot of prayer involved,” Martin told CNNMoney on Thursday. “I came up with the winning strategy.” He said he’s now working to start a new company that connects people with great business ideas to workers who can execute those ideas. Jet.com — which is like an online version of Costco — is barely one year old and began competing with Amazon by signing up members for $50 a year and offering super-steep discounts on everything. The e-commerce site was founded by Diapers.com entrepreneur Marc Lore. Lore sold his previous firm to Amazon in 2010 for $540 million, so he’s known for his track record of growing big, bold companies. Walmart’s CEO said Lore will continue to run Jet.com and take over leadership of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce efforts after the acquisition closes. Self-driving buses are roaming the streets of Helsinki Penoyer Graduates PA Bankers School with Honors Related Posts Millennials: First generation to earn less than their parents New ‘Daily Show’ host Trevor Noah says he’s not trying to be Jon Stewart No more sex at Abercrombie & Fitch. Stock soars. Tesla finally on track with Model X production Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wal-Mart profit beats expectations, stock rises Reuters |  Aug 18, 2016 04:58 PM IST By Nandita Bose REUTERS - Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's largest retailer, reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit on Thursday as sales at its established U.S. stores rose for the eighth consecutive quarter, sending its shares up more than 3 percent. Excluding a non-cash gain from the sale of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business in China and other items, earnings per share came to $1.07 in the second quarter ended on July 31. That exceeded the analysts' average estimate of $1.02, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The retailer had forecast 95 cents to $1.08. Wal-Mart said sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.6 percent, excluding fuel price fluctuations. That is stronger than market expectations for a rise of 1 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would invest $2.7 billion over two years to increase entry-level wages to $10 an hour, a move the retailer said has led to cleaner stores, faster checkouts and improved customer service. Store visits increased 1.2 percent in the second quarter. Wal-Mart outperformed a string of weak results by competitors. On Wednesday, rival Target Corp cut its full year profit forecast and reported a drop in quarterly sales due to weakness in its electronics and grocery departments. Shares of Wal-Mart were trading up 3.5 percent at $75.48 before the market opened. At Wednesday's close, the stock had risen nearly 19 percent this year. (Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Lisa Von Ahn) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Bracing for Brexit, UK ramps up borrowing and cuts growth forecasts Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank - it's complicated U.S. factory, consumer sentiment data brighten economic outlook Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower [ more ] Top Stories Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim [ more ] Markets Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Companies Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Donald Trump moderates views but defies conventions Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business MoD's blacklisting policy for arms vendors has few of the promised changes [ more ] Today's Paper Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtic2 Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Asda Sales Slide as U.K. Supermarket Falls Further Behind Rivals Paul Jarvis August 18, 2016 — 7:44 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Same-store sales at Wal-Mart unit decline for eighth quarter Company ‘addressing this with urgency,’ Wal-Mart CEO says Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.K. supermarket chain Asda saw a record decline in sales during the second quarter, illustrating the scale of the task facing new Chief Executive Officer Sean Clarke. Same-store sales tumbled 7.5 percent, excluding gasoline, as the grocer continued to lose ground to discounters and its main competitors. The U.K. market continues to be characterized by “fierce competition and food deflation,” Brett Biggs, chief financial officer of U.S. parent company Wal-Mart Stores Inc., said in a statement Thursday. Clarke, the former head of Wal-Mart’s China unit who replaced Andy Clarke as CEO last month, faces a tough task to revive the supermarket chain after eight successive quarters of declining same-store sales. Asda has committed to cut prices by 1.5 billion pounds ($2 billion) over five years as it seeks to cut the gap with discounters Aldi and Lidl. “While our turnaround will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency,” Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in the statement. “We are simplifying and strengthening our offering through improved availability and assortment discipline, reducing costs and driving sales through strategic price investments.” Asda’s second-quarter performance was in contrast to its parent company. Wal-Mart increased its annual earnings forecast after second-quarter results topped estimates. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Markets Wal-Mart Stores Inc Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Wal-Mart raises annual profit outlook, reports strong sales     By Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press August 18, 2016     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - In this Friday, June 5, 2015, file photo, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) NEW YORK, N.Y. - Wal-Mart's vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It's melding online services with the stores — rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it's pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic at its Wal-Mart U.S. namesake business. "We've got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket," Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. business told reporters on a call Thursday. Wal-Mart is also picking up some new customers, but that will take some time, he added. And growth was solid and consistent across all types of merchandise from toys to clothing. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 per cent to $74.29 in late morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it's trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half. Target blamed a number of factors. That included that it focused too much marketing on its stylish merchandise and didn't do enough to bring in customers looking for essentials like detergent. It's also struggling to reinvent its food section and it also cited weak electronics sales. Target CEO Brian Cornell also noted sales varied widely from region to region. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 per cent in the second quarter. That's up from the 7 per cent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 per cent increases from less than two years ago. It's also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com's technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it's rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 per cent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 per cent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 per cent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 per cent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers. _____ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at http://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio on Twitter at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - In this Friday, June 5, 2015, file photo, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart Stores Inc.         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   PetSmart® Launches Holiday Philanthropic Collection That Gives Back to Pets and Children in Need Through December 25, and Even More on #GivingTuesday TRUSTECH 2016, The Most Innovative Companies of the Trust-Based Technology Industry Meet in Cannes Fort McMurray Nonprofits Accelerate Wildfire Recovery Efforts with Creative Help from Guelph Academic and Business Community           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Income up 8.6% for Wal-Mart, company raises full-year guidance on the ‘positive momentum’ by Talk Business & Politics staff. Published Aug 18th, 2016 5:59 am staff2@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Fiscal second quarter net income for Wal-Mart Stores rose more than 8%, with adjusted per share earnings of $1.07 topping the consensus estimate of $1.02. Quarterly revenue of $120.854 billion also beat expectations. Walmart U.S. same-store sales rose 1.6%, marking the eighth consecutive quarter of positive comps with the closely watched financial metric. Net income in the quarter was $3.773 billion, up 8.6% compared to the $3.475 billion in the same quarter of 2015. Total revenue of $120.854 billion was up 0.5% compared to the same quarter in 2015 and was better than the consensus estimate of $120.16 billion. Earnings per share was $1.21, but 14 cents was from the sale of Yihoadian, a gain of $568 million on a constant currency basis. Wal-Mart President and CEO Doug McMillon said the company remains focused on being a “seamless shopping experience” for consumers. “We’re pleased with the positive momentum in our business,” McMillon said in the earnings statement posted early Thursday (Aug. 18). “Our strategy in the U.S. is working as we delivered an eighth consecutive quarter of positive comps, and international also performed well. We remain focused on building e-commerce capabilities globally and executing our omni-channel plan, as evidenced by our recent alliance with JD.com in China and agreement to acquire Jet.com in the U.S. Walmart is uniquely positioned to provide customers with a seamless shopping experience where we save them time and money.” For the first six months of the company’s fiscal year (ended July 31), the company posted net income of $6.852 billion, up 0.5% compared to the same period in 2015. Total revenue in the six months was $236.758 billion, up 0.7% compared to the same period in 2015. EARNINGS GUIDANCE BOOST Based on the momentum McMillon mentioned, the company also raised earnings per share guidance for fiscal 2017. The new range is $4.15-$4.35 per share, up from previous guidance of $4-$4.30. “This guidance also includes an estimated dilutive impact to EPS of approximately $0.05, primarily in the fourth quarter, as a result of expected operating losses and one-time transaction expenses related to the planned acquisition of Jet.com, assuming the transaction is closed near the beginning of the fourth quarter of FY17,” the company noted in the earnings report. The announced $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com will likely be a big part of the company’s earnings call – held later today – with analysts. Talk Business & Politics will update this report or post a new report following the call. DIVISION PERFORMANCE Total sales at Walmart U.S. during the second quarter was $76.421 billion, up 3.1% compared to the same quarter in 2015. Traffic in stores was up 1.2%, just below the 1.3% gain in the second quarter of 2015. The average ticket was up 0.4%, better than the 0.2% gain in the second quarter of 2015. Operating income at Walmart U.S. was $4.519 billion, down 6.2% compared to the 2015 quarter. Net sales at Walmart International was $28.621 billion, down 6.6% compared to the same quarter in 2015. However, in constant currency – accounting for the impact of exchange rates courtesy of the strong U.S. dollar – the net sales were $31.309 billion, up 2.2% compared to the 2015 quarter. Operating income – on a constant currency basis – for the division was $1.884 billion, up 47.5%. However, much of the gain is attributable to the sale of Yihoadian. Sam’s Club continues to lag the other divisions. Net sales totaled $14.543 billion in the quarter, down 1.3%. Comp-store sales were up 0.6%, a decline from the 1.3% gain in the same quarter of 2015. Traffic was down 0.4% compared to a 0.5% gain in the 2015 quarter. On the positive side, the average ticket was up 1%, and operating income in the division was $472 million, up 10.3% compared to the same quarter in 2015. Operating income for the three divisions totaled $6.165 billion, up 1.6% compared to the same quarter of 2015. However, adjusting for the Yihoadian sale, a one-time boost, the consolidated operating income picture wasn’t as rosy. “Consolidated operating income increased 1.6%, including a gain of $535 million from the sale of Yihaodian. Excluding this gain, consolidated operating income declined 7.2%. As expected, investments in people and technology, as well as currency exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted results,” the company noted in the statement. Wal-Mart shares (NYSE: WMT) closed Wednesday (Aug. 17) at $72.93, up 4 cents. During the past 52 weeks the share price has ranged from a $74.80 high to a $56.30 low. In pre-market trading, the share price was rising above the 52-week high. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 35shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
null
null
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Asda has worst quarterly sales drop blaming food deflation 18 August 2016 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp Linkedin Share this with Linkedin Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37119002 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Reuters Asda has reported a drop in sales of 7.5% in the past three months, its worst quarterly performance on record. Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon blamed the dip on food deflation and "the competitive environment". Discount food stores such as Aldi and Lidl have been undercutting Asda and its rivals, including Tesco, Morrison and Sainsbury's. The supermarket chain is relying on £1.5bn of price reductions over five years to win customers back. "Our strategy to turn things around is focused on improving the retail basics," Mr McMillon said. "While our turnaround will take time, I'm confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we're addressing this with urgency." In June, Walmart said the UK supermarket's chief executive, Andy Clarke, would be stepping down to be replaced by the head of Walmart's Chinese business, Sean Clarke. Walmart said Sean Clarke's experience would allow him to "reposition the business" in a competitive market. 'New nadir' Asda began a price-cutting campaign in 2013, cutting £1bn in prices. In January, outgoing boss Andy Clarke extended the cuts to £1.5bn by 2018. In the same month, the company said it was shedding hundreds of jobs at its Leeds headquarters. Analysts said "a monumental challenge" lay ahead for the new chief executive. "This time last year, ex-chief executive Andy Clarke talked about Asda's sales decline hitting a nadir - unfortunately today's results represent a new nadir, with the scale of the problems facing the grocer becoming ever more severe," said Greg Bromley from Verdict Retail. He said that Asda seemed to have been hit harder by the arrival of discounters such as Aldi and Lidl, since low prices had always been its main selling point. "If Asda has been waiting to push the button on its latest wave of price cuts, the time must be now, especially as a more uncertain post-Brexit consumer becomes ever more price sensitive," he added. US sales Walmart, the US-based owner of Asda supermarkets, said its own net profit for the three months to the end of July rose 8.6% to $3.77bn (£2.87bn). A rise in online sales helped revenue, excluding currency movements, to rise 2.8% to $123.6bn in the quarter. While Asda struggles with customer traffic and declining revenues, Walmart's US stores saw their eighth consecutive quarterly gain in sales and store visits grew 1.2%. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart said it would, over the next two years, spend $2.7bn to raise minimum wages to $10 an hour. The move has meant faster checkouts and cleaner stores, it says. Related Topics Retailing Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More on this story Business Live: Oil surges above $50 a barrel 18 August 2016 Asda chief Andy Clarke to be replaced by Sean Clarke 13 June 2016 Top Stories UK economy 'resilient' despite £122bn hit Lower growth and higher debt are forecast but the chancellor says the UK economy is fit for Brexit. 23 November 2016 Man jailed for 'terrorist' murder of Jo Cox 23 November 2016 Killer guilty of murdering four men 23 November 2016 Features Dark world Why couldn't police stop Stephen Port? The man who killed Jo Cox Extremist loner who read up on murder and targeted MP Seeing the light Cancer stopped me worrying about being a perfect mum Tucking in at theatre? Should there be a ban on eating while watching stage shows? Let her go? Trump's supporters fume over Hillary U-turn Baked beans ban Which other commercials have been pulled? Orphan rescue One woman's mission to save baby elephants Video Spoils of war What do Trump voters want to happen now? Video Open wide! The town where people can't find a dentist News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Retirement Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart's 2Q Earnings Beat, Outlook Raised, Shares Jump ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More (The Associated Press) Wal-Mart's 2Q Earnings Beat, Outlook Raised, Shares Jump Published August 18, 2016 Industries Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print Wal-Mart reported stronger-than-expected same-store sales growth in the latest period, with slightly more shoppers heading to its stores at a time when many retailers are struggling to attract foot traffic.  Continue Reading Below The retailer also lifted its profit outlook for the year. Shares rose 3.1% to $75.18 in premarket trading, which would be the highest level in a year for the stock.  Same-store sales at Wal-Mart's U.S. stores rose 1.6%, above its guidance for a 1% increase. Meanwhile, traffic rose 1.2%.  Many traditional retailers have struggled recently to grow sales and adjust to customer's changing online shopping habits. Target Corp. said Wednesday that same-store sales fell for the first time in more than two years as fewer shoppers visited its locations, while Macy's Inc. last week said it would shut 100 more stores, or 14% of its physical base, as shoppers increasingly opt to make purchases online and spend more on services than on goods. Demand for clothing and household items in recent years has been markedly softer than during past economic recoveries. What demand there is has been shifting online away from traditional retailers such as Macy's, Kohl's Corp. and Nordstrom Inc., which all reported lower quarterly sales this week.  Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart has been spending heavily to get customers back into its stores. It has worked to better stock its stores, improve efficiency and boost the pay for its employees. "Comp store inventory was down 6.5% and in-stock levels are up," said Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon on a conference call. Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses climbed 4.6% in the latest period.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The company has also invested in its lackluster online operations as Amazon.com Inc. continues to grow sales quickly. Earlier this month, the company announced plans to purchase discount e-commerce retailer Jet.com Inc. for $3.3 billion, the largest purchase to date of an e-commerce startup. Wal-Mart also tapped Jet's founder Marc Lore to lead its e-commerce efforts once the deal is complete.  In the second quarter, Wal-Mart reported global e-commerce sale rose 11.8%, the first time in nine quarters the retailer's online sales growth has increased quarter-over-quarter.  During the quarter Wal-Mart offered a free monthlong trial of a $49 two-day shipping membership similar to Amazon's popular Prime program and rapidly ramped up the number of items available on Walmart.com. Until May, the technology behind Wal-Mart's website capped the number of products it could display to shoppers at around 8 million. "We made advancements in the U.S. on our key priorities to build digital relationships with customers, scale the assortment and expand online grocery," said Mr. McMillon. Walmart.com now sells 15 million items, he said.  Wal-Mart is also trying to make its produce, meat and grocery business more prominent for shoppers, an effort at the heart of its plan to fend off Amazon as consumers still tend to shop offline for fresh food. During the quarter, the company reported strong traffic in food and consumables, such as beauty and cosmetics, in its grocery segment. The company also reported stronger pharmacy sales, helped by drug price inflation and more prescriptions filled.  Meanwhile, apparel sales were helped by a focus on basics, though entertainment sales were soft. Target also reported weakness in electronics sales.  Over all, Wal-Mart reported earnings of $3.77 billion, or $1.21 a share, compared with a year-earlier profit of $3.48 billion, or $1.08 a share. Excluding the gain from the sale of its Yihaodian website in China, the company earned $1.07 a share. The company had said earnings would land between 95 cents and $1.08 a share.  Revenue edged up 0.5% to $120.85 billion. In constant currency, revenue rose 2.8%. Analysts estimated $120.16 billion in revenue.  The company now sees full-year earnings in a range of $4.15 to $4.35 a share. Analysts were expecting $4.27. The company previously guided for earnings between $4.00 and $4.30. For the current quarter, the company is projecting 90 cents to $1 in per-share earnings, in line with the consensus estimate for 94 cents a share.  Write to Joshua Jamerson at joshua.jamerson@wsj.com and Sarah Nassauer at sarah.nassauer@wsj.com Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Christmas appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Business Asda sales hit new low as competition and falling prices take toll Clare Hutchison Thursday 18 August 2016 11:23 BST Struggling: Asda has lost out to discounters Aldi and Lidl Chris Radburn/PA Asda owner Walmart today laid bare the scale of the challenge facing the supermarket's new boss Sean Clarke, revealing an eighth straight quarter of falling sales at the grocer. Walmart boss Doug McMillon once again blamed fierce competition for the 7.5% sales decline in the three months to June 30. That compared to a 5.7% slump in the first quarter, then its largest ever recorded, and the 4.7% drop former boss Andy Clarke described as a "nadir" a year ago.   "In the UK, the competitive environment and food deflation continued to challenge the market, significantly impacting traffic and comp sales," McMillon said. Asda's position as Britain's cheapest supermarket has been eroded by discounters Aldi and Lidl, which now have a combined 10% market share. The Leeds-based retailer has attempted to fight back, investing £1.5 billion in lowering prices, but the efforts are yet to bear fruit. Read more Jim Armitage: Walmart’s man for Asda's revival is snub to Andy Clarke McMillon said the revivial still has a way to go but management were moving quickly to spur it on. "While our turn-around will take time, I’m confident in the new leadership team there and want to assure you we’re addressing this with urgency." Walmart replaced Andy Clarke with Sean Clarke in June. Sean Clarke first joined Asda in 1996 before abroad to work for the parent company. Most recently he ran Walmart China. More about: Business Asda Retail Supermarkets Andy Clarke Sean Clark Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Thanksgiving Travelers Make Their Way Through Denver International Airport Skiers Hit The Slopes on Copper Mountain, Colo. ‘View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Dow Jones Industrial Average RADAR: Midwest Winter Storm Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times/Redux Trump Seems to Soften on Campaign Promises 21m ago Trump Walks Fine Ethical Line to White House, Experts Say Sessions Urged Caution Over Federal Lawsuits Alleging Discrimination Top Stories My Stories Wayne State Police Officer Shot and Critically Injured Facebook Built China 'Censorship Tool': Report Thanksgiving Travel Rush: What to Expect Waterslide to Be Demolished After Boy Died Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Man Injured in Philly Blast Thought Package Was Meds Turkey's President Slams Those Who Call Trump 'Dictator' Airstrike in Mosul Disrupts ISIS Supply Lines South Korean Leader Defends Purchase of Viagra Pills Original Gerber Baby, Ann Taylor Cook, Turns 90 #DonaldTrump Drew Angerer/Getty Images Trump Picks Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary 16m ago Trump Offers UN Ambassadorship to SC Gov. Nikki Haley Nikki Haley: Everything You Need to Know About Trump's Pick for UN Ambassador #DonaldTrump Efrem Lukatsky/AP Trump Foundation Took Donations From Controversial Ukrainian Clinton Donor Nov 23 Trump Foundation Admits It Gave Money to 'Disqualified Person' Calls for Deutsche Bank, a Big Trump Lender, to Face Independent Prosecutor #Thanksgiving Evan Vucci/AP Photo Everything You Need to Know About the Presidential Turkey Pardon Nov 23 President Obama's Thanksgiving Turkey Pardons Through the Years What's Up With Those White House Turkey Pardons? #MelaniaTrump Play ABCNews.com Election 2016: Who Is Melania Trump? Nov 9 Donald Trump Jr.: The Basics Ivanka Trump: The Basics Politics #DonaldTrump Trump's 100-Day Agenda: Experts Examine if It Can Be Done #DonaldTrump What Trump Said During Wide-Ranging Interview #DonaldTrump Trump 'Seriously Considering' Ben Carson for HUD #DonaldTrump Trump 'Leaning' Against Renewed Probe of Clinton, Sources Say #GOP House Republican Criticizes Trump Over Business Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Jared Kushner Defends Steve Bannon in Interview, Calls Him an 'Incredible Zionist' A Look at Gen. James Mattis From a Close Friend #DonaldTrump What Donald Trump's 100-Day Plan Leaves Out #DonaldTrump Sanders Supporter Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Being Considered for Trump Cabinet #GOP Everything You Need to Know About Gen. James Mattis #MikePence Pence, Who Touts Openness, Tries to Stop Document Release #DonaldTrump Inside Donald Trump's Relationship With Agent Ari Emanuel #DonaldTrump Trump Met With Indian Business Partners, Reviving Questions on How He Will Avoid Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape #DonaldTrump Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon Is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' #Politics Clinton Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million More News Texas Appeals Court Rules 'San Antonio 4' Are Innocent US Applications for Unemployment Aid Rose Last Week Twitter Accidentally Suspends Its CEO's Account Tenn. Crash Revives Debate Over School Bus Seat Belts States Struggle With High Number of Foster Children NHL Newest Team Gets a Name: Vegas Golden Knights Poem Signed by Anne Frank Sells for Nearly $150,000 NH Man Electrocuted While Hanging Holiday Lights Trump Stance on Immigration May Aid Private Prisons Wildfires Continue Spread as Arson Probes Opened #BlackFriday Henry Romero/Reuters Thanksgiving and Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Nov 23 8 Black Friday Shopping Strategies On Eve of Holiday Shopping, Consumer Advocates Say Vigilance Needed in Children’s Product Safety Play ABCNews.com Chattanooga Bus Crash Survivors Speak Out Nov 23 School Bus Driver in Fatal Crash Involved in Prior Collision Happy Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving San Francisco Cyclists Complete 50-Mile Turkey-Shaped Bike Ride #Thanksgiving Here's to Thanksgiving Dinner With My Ex-Wife #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #Thanksgiving How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving 3 Thanksgiving Travel Tips to Save Turkey Day #Thanksgiving Add Sweet Potato Pie to Your Holiday Feast #Thanksgiving How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Must-Try Recipes for Most-Searched Thanksgiving Foods #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election #Thanksgiving 'GMA' Ultimate Cranberry Challenge #Thanksgiving Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger in Line at Grocery Store #Thanksgiving How Astronauts Celebrate Thanksgiving in Space Michael Rozman/Warner Bros. Mariah Carey Breaks Silence on Reported Split With James Packer 1h ago Play ABCNews.com High School Football Team Asks Court to Overturn Loss Nov 23 More News FIFA Leaning Toward a 48-Team World Cup Dalai Lama: 'I Have No Worries' About Trump's Election Lufthansa Pilot Strike Forces 1,800 Flight Cancelations Rare Thunderstorm Asthma Kills 4 in Australian Israel Orders Probe of German Submarine Purchase Drug Dealer Says He Gave Money to Philippine Senator Germany Asks Sweden to Extradite 'Laserman' Killer Suspect in Cop's Death Got Married After Shooting Russia Rejects Criticism of Baltic Missile Buildup FBI Raids Financially Troubled Town in Puerto Rico Sergey Ponomarev/AP Photo How Poland Is Recovering From a Real-Life 'Designated Survivor' Situation Nov 23 Inside the Top Secret Greenbrier Bunker #Thanksgiving Tetra images RF/Getty Images How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving Nov 23 Thanksgiving Traditions at the White House Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election Facebook/Venice, Florida Municipal Government Fireball Spotted in Night Sky Over Florida 3h ago Getty Images I Got Remarried and Didn't Tell My Kids Nov 23 #JustinBieber Giorgio Benvenuti/ANSA via AP Photo Video Shows Justin Bieber Allegedly Punching Fan in the Face 1h ago Tommy Hilfiger: 'Any Designer Should Be Proud' to Dress Melania Trump Erykah Badu on Music, Family and the Soul Train Music Awards #Thanksgiving Courtesy Melissa Birchmore Foster Mom Gets Thanksgiving Wish to Adopt for the First Time 1h ago Spend Thanksgiving Night with OneRepublic, Kelly Clarkson and More Miranda Lambert's New Album Is a Soaring 'Double Dose of Heartbreak' Warner Bros. Pictures 'Fantastic Beasts' Makes $75M in Opening Weekend Nov 21 Play ABCNews.com How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving Learn how to carve a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner step by step. Up Next: Play Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #DWTS ABCNews.com Laurie Hernandez Had 'Same Joy' Winning Mirror Ball as She Did Olympic Medals Nov 23 'DWTS': Hernandez and Chmerkovskiy Win the Mirror Ball Trophy 'DWTS' Finalists Label One Another With Funny Yearbook Superlatives #NFL ABCNews.com JJ Watt Opens Up About Threatening Staph Infection Nov 23 Shannen Doherty Teases Photo From 'Heathers' Reboot Corey Feldman Marries Girlfriend Courtney Anne Courtesy Taryn Keith Diner Surprises Waiter With $750 Tip Nov 22 In Case You Missed It Rare White 'Rainbow' Spotted in Scotland Woman Wins Nearly $1M on 'Wheel of Fortune' Slot Machine #Amtrak Behind the Scenes at Amtrak: How the Rail Giant Turns Trains Around Lovebirds Married 73 Years Recreate Their First Date at a Seattle Hotel How the World Came Together to Find a #CupForBen Prince Harry Tours Barbuda Woman Designs Her Own Woodland Fairy Tale Wedding Dress Over 6 Months #Thanksgiving Shelter Sends Animals Home for Thanksgiving With Option to Adopt Singing Cashier Takes the Stage With R&B Singer Maxwell Meet the Toddler Who Looked Like Danny DeVito The Sound of 'Success': Young Patients Ring Bell to Mark End of Cancer Treatment School Community Helps Beloved Crossing Guard Afford Prosthetic Leg Repair #Popcorn Play ABCNews.com Billy Bob Thornton Opens Up About Humble Childhood Nov 21 Josh Groban on His Broadway Debut in 'Great Comet' 'Conviction' Star Hayley Atwell on How She Felt When 'Agent Carter' Ended Underwood Archives/Getty Images Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Through the Years Nov 23 Babies Dressed as Turkeys Win This Thanksgiving 'Tis the Season for Awkward Family Thanksgiving Photos David Johnson/Barcroft Images Holy Cow: This Cow Is Over 6 Feet Tall 2m ago Michael Phelps Hits the Red Carpet With His Wife and Son Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian Step Out in New York City Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
null
Associated Press BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Wal-Mart tops Street 2Q forecasts Anne D'innocenzio, Associated Press Aug. 18, 2016, 11:03 AM 29 facebook linkedin twitter email print FILE - In this Friday, June 5, 2015, file photo, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) syndication.ap.org NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart's vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. The company raised its earnings outlook for the year on Thursday and delivered strong profit and sales for the second quarter, as moves to improve the store and online experience are winning over customers. Wal-Mart has launched a flurry of changes, from making sure vegetables look good to cleaning up the stores to being sharper on keeping prices low. It's melding online services with the stores — rolling out a mobile payment system to speed checkouts. And it's pressing ahead with online grocery and pick-up services. As a result, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company reported its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in comparable-store sales, and the seventh straight quarterly gain in customer traffic. "We've got existing customers who are visiting stores more often and putting an extra item in their basket," said Greg Foran, CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. business, which accounts for 62 percent of total sales. Wal-Mart is also picking up new customers, but that will take some time. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.3 percent to $74.29 in morning trading. Like its direct store rivals, Wal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it tries to fight off competition. In particular, it's trying to compete with online leader Amazon.com, whose Prime shipping program is swiftly converting members into loyal shoppers. And it faces competition from dollar stores and traditional grocers like Kroger, which are ramping up promotions and lowering prices. The report contrasts with results from Target Corp., which cut its profit forecast Wednesday as customer traffic waned. Wal-Mart is vastly expanding the items available on its website, and global online sales rose 11.8 percent in the second quarter. That's up from the 7 percent pace of the first quarter but still far weaker than the 20 percent increases from less than two years ago. It's also spending $3 billion to acquire fast-growing online retailer Jet.com, which it says will help it grab higher-income and younger customers. It will incorporate some of Jet.com's technology that lowers prices in real time. Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a pre-recorded call that the growth in global e-commerce came from the improvement in the U.S. market, fueled by its rollout of Wal-Mart Pay and the online grocery and pick-up services that it's rolling out. The company added grocery pickup service to 30 more markets in the second quarter, bringing the total to more than 60. The grocery business showed improvement from the first quarter despite inflationary pressure. Both general merchandise and health and wellness items showed solid sales growth. Second-quarter net income jumped nearly 9 percent to $3.77 billion, for $1.21 per share, in the quarter ended July 31. That compares with $3.47 billion, or $1.08 per share in the year-ago quarter. Earnings adjusted for non-recurring gains were $1.07 per share, a nickel better than Wall Street had expected, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $120.85 billion, also edging out analyst forecasts. Revenue at U.S. Wal-Mart stores opened at least a year rose 1.6 percent, its best performance since 2012. Customer traffic rose 1.2 percent, marking the seventh straight quarter of gains. The U.S. Wal-Mart division accounts for 62 percent of total sales. The company now estimates that for the current fiscal year, adjusted per-share earnings will be $4.15 to $4.35. Analysts had expected $4.27. Wal-Mart is also spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and other investments for its hourly workers over a two-year period. The company also just rolled out a new system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. Wal-Mart says lifting wages, which has turned into a contentious issue for a number of major U.S. restaurant chains and retailers, will lead to a more solid workforce that can better serve their customers. _____ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at http://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings __________________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio on Twitter at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio More from Associated Press: Rescuers search collapsed buildings in Italy after another powerful earthquake hits region near Perugia Texas Longhorns jump all the way up to No. 11 in latest AP poll after beating Notre Dame A college professor has promised to consume only water and sports drinks after the university's president overrode a nearly unanimous decision to grant him tenure Craig Sager is hoping to return to NBA sidelines by November after receiving a rare third bone-marrow transplant David Ortiz honored with a corn maze cut in his likeness More: Associated Press facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Wal-Mart tops Street 2Q forecasts Wal-Mart tops Street 2Q forecasts NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart's vast fleet of stores and its online business are starting to click together. Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Associated Press Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR


Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart beats on earnings, raises guidance Akin Oyedele Aug. 18, 2016, 7:02 AM 1,618 facebook linkedin twitter email print Joe Raedle/Getty Images Walmart on Thursday reported second-quarter results that topped expectations, and the company raised its full-year earnings outlook. The world's largest retailer earned $1.07 in adjusted earnings per share on revenue of $120.9 billion, up 3.1%. Analysts had estimated that Walmart earned $1.02 in adjusted EPS and revenue of $120.3 billion. Traffic to Walmart stores dipped a bit but remained positive, giving US locations open for at least a year an eighth quarter of positive sales, at 1.6%. The company now projects adjusted EPS for 2017 in a range of $4.15 to $4.35, up from $4 to $4.30 previously. This guidance includes a dilutive impact of about $0.05 in the fourth quarter because of losses related to the acquisition of Jet.com. Walmart recently announced it was buying Jet.com for $3 billion, a deal designed to boost its e-commerce business to take on Amazon. At the time of the announcement, Walmart generated about $14 billion in annual e-commerce sales, versus Amazon's $99 billion in annual revenue. "The distinctions that we talk about today between stores, apps, pick-up, delivery, and sites are continuing to blur into the background for customers," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. "For them, it's just Walmart." Walmart's online sales rose 12% from the first quarter. Walmart shares gained as much as 3.9% premarket after the results crossed. They rallied 19% this year through Wednesday's market close. SEE ALSO: Walmart is coming for Amazon NOW WATCH: A peek inside the transparent culture of the company Walmart is buying for $3 billion Loading video... More: Walmart Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart beats on earnings, raises guidance Walmart beats on earnings, raises guidance Walmart on Thursday reported second-quarter... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Walmart Labor Day 2016 Sale Kicks Off Early Posted: Aug 18 2016, 3:47am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Aug 21 2016, 7:20am CDT, in News | Shopping Tips   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale begins already August 20. Labor Day 2016 is on Monday September 5. The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale begins two weeks before the actual Labor Day 2016 on Monday, September 5. The idea behind the early begin of the Labor Day sale is to have everything you need in time to enjoy Labor Day. That idea has not sank in yet with Thanksgiving Day. Wouldn't it be nice to enjoy Thanksgiving Day dinner without having to think about Black Friday deals? How To: Find Hatchimals In Stock For that to change the whole tradition of Black Friday would need to be changed and all sales events moved ahead by a week. Black Friday sales do start earlier, but the best deals are only available from Thanksgiving Day to Cyber Monday. The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale kicks of August 20th and will last until Labor Day. Walmart is spoiling with the early launch of its Labor Day 2016 sale the 50th anniversary sale of Best Buy that kicks off tonight at 11pm ET. Walmart has not yet announced any specific Labor Day 2016 deals. Deal hunters will have to wait until Saturday to see the first wave of deals on walmart.com. Walmart is currently offering back to school deals including special offers on the Sony PS4 and the Xbox One. Update: The Walmart Labor Day 2016 sale is live now on this page on walmart.com. The best-selling Labor Day 2016 deals offered Walmart include underwear, pants, Polo shirts, T-shirts and leggings. The Walmart Labor Day sale is not including any deals on electronics and video games yet. Featured categories include apparel, shoes and accessories for the whole family. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Luxe List: Holiday Gift Picks 2016 4 days ago, 7:46pm CST 4 SoCal Locales Where Holiday Spirit Runs High 4 days ago, 6:25pm CST 5 Wine & Spirits Gifts Suited for Any Season 4 days ago, 6:14pm CST Sony PlaysStation VR PSVR Offers Online and in Stores Oct 14 2016, 12:23am CDT Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon: Pre-order, Offers, Accessories Oct 11 2016, 9:55am CDT Microsoft Black Friday Deals on Xbox Games are Live 25 minutes ago Diabetes Increases Risk of Early Death for Smokers 1 hour ago Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores 1 hour ago Gravity Sensors can Predict Earthquakes Faster than Current Methods: Study 1 hour ago Amazon Black Friday TV Deals 2016: Best 4K, Smart, OLED and Bargain TVs 1 hour ago MIT’s New Nylon Muscle Fibers Could Lead to Real-Life Westworld 1 hour ago Kia Recalls 71704 Sportage Crossovers in the U.S. 2 hours ago Toyota Recalls 744000 Sienna Vehicles in US 2 hours ago Black Friday Marijuana Deals for Inaugural Green Friday Promotion 2 hours ago Sears Black Friday Explained by Employee, Reveals Hatchimals in Stock 2 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 Ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Ad Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News This is How Black Friday Works at Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Sam's Club and Amazon Sam's Club Black Friday Sale: Best Deals, Store Hours and Everything You Need To Know   Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores Amazon Black Friday TV Deals 2016: Best 4K, Smart, OLED and Bargain TVs Shopping Tips The Luxe List: Holiday Gift Picks 2016 4 days ago, 7:46pm CST 4 SoCal Locales Where Holiday Spirit Runs High 4 days ago, 6:25pm CST 5 Wine & Spirits Gifts Suited for Any Season 4 days ago, 6:14pm CST Sony PlaysStation VR PSVR Offers Online and in Stores Oct 14 2016, 12:23am CDT More Shopping Tips Stories Latest News Microsoft Black Friday Deals on Xbox Games are Live 25 minutes ago Diabetes Increases Risk of Early Death for Smokers 1 hour ago Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores 1 hour ago Gravity Sensors can Predict Earthquakes Faster than Current Methods: Study 1 hour ago More Latest News Amazon Black Friday 2016 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Target Black Friday 2016 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016

null
LOCAL STORIES | GREEN | HEALTH | OPINIONS      CALENDAR | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS      CLASSIFIEDS Tweet Letters for August 18, 2016 This article was published on 08.18.16. Advertisement About the revolt Re “‘We are robbers, or we must be conquerors’” (Cover story, by Ken Smith, Aug. 11): The Bear Flag Revolt is a small footnote among the struggles that ultimately led to establishment of California as a U.S. territory. The Bear Flaggers were a small bunch of drunken thugs that kidnapped a general without an army for three weeks. The influence of these men on the general’s wine cellar was greater than their influence on the establishment of California. Please remember that the Mexican government at that time was much the same as it is now—that being incompetent and corrupt in its dealings with the California citizens of the time (Californios). California militias had already routed Gov. Micheltorena in 1847, making absent any significant Mexican military presence above San Francisco. Capt. Silva surrendered Monterey without a shot fired. The Battle of San Pasqual near Los Angeles was fought to a draw in 1846. Hostilities ended with the Treaty of Caheunga in 1847 between the Californios (not Mexico) and the U.S. (one year before the Treaty of Guadeloupe Hidalgo). This treaty kept intact Californio property rights and was incorporated into later treaties. These treaties were honored by the U.S government. The important point is that the California citizens of 1847 gave to us a beautiful state in return for their continued property rights and a more secure government. Oscar Hooton Red Bluff Cabby speaks out Re “Fare share” (Newsline, by Howard Hardee, Aug. 4): I appreciate your article drawing attention to the local taxi-cab industry and reactions to transportation network companies (TNCs) entering the market. I’d like to offer just a few corrections. First, drug testing is actually mandated by California Government Code. Also, our background checks are conducted by the Chico Police Department, not the FBI. I think that this is an important distinction, as our checks are performed by officers who live, work and have families in the city of Chico and have a genuine interest in the safety of our community. These two checks are also just the bare minimum of our screening process. Drivers who wish to be licensed to service Sacramento Airport have similar screenings performed by the Sacramento County Sheriff’s Department, and drivers that deliver courier packages also receive a security threat assessment administered by the TSA. I also don’t want to give the impression that my company isn’t interested in establishing a level playing field between taxi-cab companies and TNCs. We just feel that the city level is not the appropriate place for this argument. We’re members of both the Taxicab Paratransit Association of California and the Taxicab, Limousine and Paratransit Association, both of which are working toward leveling the playing field in the for-hire transportation industry at both the state and national levels. Gianni Caponera Chico Editor’s note: The author is a general partner at Liberty Cab. The factual errors he identified are further noted below. Walmart, the job-killer Re “What about Costco” (Letters, by Vic Makau, Aug. 4): While business expansion appears to be a positive thing, that is not true if it negatively impacts other businesses and employment. That is a very compelling reason why so many people are opposed to the planned Walmart expansion here in Chico. Some people have mentioned that there was no opposition to Costco expanding, so why single out Walmart? It should be noted that Costco consistently pays better salaries and offers better benefits to its employees. And it should be noted that right across the street FoodMaxx is still open, employing 85 people with good wages and benefits. As stated in the draft EIR, an expanded Walmart will more than likely cause the closure of FoodMaxx, as well as other existing businesses in the area. A study by UC Irvine showed that a Walmart opening/expansion causes the loss of approximately 150 jobs. Put another way, for every job Walmart creates, 1.4 jobs are lost. It also reduces a county’s payroll by $1.2 million. As for comments about additional out-of-town shoppers and additional tax revenues: Red Bluff and Willows have supercenters, and plans are underway for supercenters in Oroville and Paradise; the primary expansion plan is for groceries, which aren’t taxed, while discounted taxable items will reduce overall city tax revenue. So, all things considered, expanding Walmart will result in local businesses closing, creating overall job losses and reducing disposable incomes that actually benefit local businesses and city tax revenue. So to the City Council I ask, which side are you on? Roger S. Beadle Chico Three on The Donald Despite Donald Trump’s constant attacks on women, minorities, the media, Gold Star parents, Muslims and many others, and despite the latest news that Trump’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, has allegedly taken $12 million from a Putin ally in Ukraine, local Republicans are going forward with and for Trump. On Saturday (Aug. 20), local Republicans will open up the Chico headquarters for Trump. Republicans will do the ribbon-cutting at 11 a.m. at 1058 Mangrove Ave., the southeast corner of East First and Mangrove avenues. Everyone is invited to hold signs for your favorite candidates, whether Hillary Clinton for President, Kamala Harris for U.S. Senate, or Congressional or City Council candidates. If you want information on how to get involved to defeat Trump, email democrats@chicodemocrats.com. We will soon announce the opening of the Democratic Party headquarters. Bob Mulholland Chico It’s actually been over for a while. Everything else has been a hysterical and sickening sideshow that demonstrates clearly the low depth to which a nation-state can sink by allowing such rat filth to compete for the presidency. The troubled tycoon is unraveling fast and it is a pure pleasure to observe the breakdown. The left wing will fly solo for at least eight more years and continue to fulfill the mission of pulling us out of the gutter we were left in by the Bush administration. The disgrace levied on America by the ridiculous right wing for believing in this idiot may put them on the sidelines for decades to come—and rightfully so. It feels like we were very recently backed into our own end zone and ready to lose it all until President Obama’s tenure. Now we have at least marched back to the 30 yard line and are heading upfield with much better trajectory than in 2008. It is impossible to believe anyone would support such a blatant fool and risk taking us back to the near collapse we so narrowly escaped just eight years ago. Kenneth B. Keith. Los Molinos Pain is a warning system for our bodies to alert us about something harmful. We need to get away from the source of pain or try to alleviate it in some way. Hatred is a warning system for our emotions. It tells us there is a problem we need to solve or avoid. Intense or prolonged pain can cause faulty perception and outright delirium. Prolonged hatred results in much the same. It clouds judgment. It causes anguish. Yet, in our society today, many embrace it. Donald J. Trump is such a person. Trump’s true platform is hatred, and more importantly for him, it is revenge. He says we need to get stronger. What is stronger? Someone steals from me and I retaliate by stealing from them. Problem solved? No, now we’re both thieves. Hate is a natural part of being human. Many of us can say we hate injustice, and rightly so. The problem arises when our hatred of injustice overpowers our love for justice. We all need something to hold on to. I’d rather hold on to something constructive than something destructive. Phil Frankenberg Chico ‘An outdated attempt’ Marco Rubio’s opinion that women with Zika virus should be denied abortions is an outdated attempt to impose sexual sanctions and nothing more. Human life has never been sacred to any religion. Religions have instigated wars, denigrated and enslaved women and encouraged homicide. Read the Old Testament, the Koran, etc. We do not feed the poor; we kill each other in wars; we don’t provide medical care for the poor. Throughout history, women have been denied the choice of giving birth. We have been, and still are, victims of rape, forced marriage and social pressures. The abortion debate is not now and has never been about the sanctity of life. A fetus is a potential life. It’s easier to force a woman to bear a child than it is to comfort the poor, the ill and the indisposed. Lest you think I am a heartless brute, let me add abortions in the second or third trimester make me feel ill. Children are indeed miracles, but all living children should be fed, cared for, comforted. Let’s not waste our sympathy on what could have been but never was. Linda Valine Chico Hemp is beneficial Just as cotton is grown for fabric and twine, so is industrial hemp; just as nut trees yield seeds for food and oils, so does hemp; just as hay is grown for animal feed, so is hemp; just as agricultural products are used for building materials, so is hemp (Oakland Museum of California hemp exhibit). Opposition to industrial hemp stems from the misconception that hemp is psychotropic. It is not. Hemp is a variety of cannabis (sativa) containing less than 1 percent Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the principal compound effecting euphoria. By contrast, cannabis indica is a disparate variety containing 10 to 19 percent of THC. One is as likely to get as high from smoking hemp as one is of getting inebriated from drinking nonalcoholic beer. Hemp also contains high concentrations of cannabidiol (CBD), a compound counteracting the effects of THC. Because of its lack of psychoactive properties, CBD shows promise for ameliorating epilepsy and multiple sclerosis, but without getting the patient high. Over 20 countries already market medicinal cannabidiol (sativaTm). Given these facts, there is no legitimate reason to deny hemp farmers the rights afforded other farmers. William Todd-Mancillas Chico Correction Howard Hardee’s Aug. Newsline about local cab companies and transportation network companies contained two factual errors. First, it incorrectly stated that local cab drivers are subject to drug tests mandated by the Department of Transportation. In fact, drug tests are mandated by state law. Second, the story misidentified the agency to which cab drivers must submit fingerprints. Fingerprints are conducted at the Chico Police Department. We regret the errors, which have been corrected. --ed. Tweet Contact us about this story RELATED LINKS: See all stories published in Letters See all stories published in Opinions Advertisement Reader Comments No comments yet. Be the first by posting your comment below. Sign in to submit a comment: e-mail: password: Don't have a login yet? Join now!, it's fast and free! Help! I forgot my password Post anonymous comment: If you wish to comment anonymously, provide your valid email address here and you’ll be allowed to do so. e-mail:    You will be sent an email confirmation with a link that you must follow to validate your email address before your comment will appear on the site. Submit Your Comment Comments posted may be subject to moderation. Be nice. Sounds easy enough, right? Feel free to disagree with News & Review, our staff or what the other users have to say—but keep it civil and relevant to the topic. Personal attacks or insults of any kind will be removed. Please see our terms of use for more details. Submit my comment as a letter to the editor. When submitting letters to the editor, we require the following information to be submitted for verification purposes: Full Name: Phone Number: City: logout SEARCH THE SITE TOOLBOX PRINT FRIENDLY   E-MAIL THIS STORY ADJUST FONT SIZE:  SMALLER  LARGER LINK TO THIS STORY ON YOUR SITE RSS FEEDS Chico Classifeds automotive 15,701 buy, sell, trade 127 community 177 jobs 2,236 musician 11 real estate for sale 44 real estate 425 rentals 149 services 2,536 Editorial Junk the portables: School district’s priority should be tearing down the old structures now that it has the money. Editorial Journalism and the Trump years: Reporters must redouble their efforts to seek transparency from the forthcoming administration. Guest Comment Then and now: The imminent despair and hopelessness after JFK’s death and Donald Trump’s election. Letters Letters for November 17, 2016: Second & Flume Righteous indignation: Channeling anger about the election and racism by turning a critical eye to the local daily. The Goods Fresh faces downtown: Rouse & Revolt, Urban Fresh Fuel and Sweet Chico Confections. 15 Minutes The independent touch: Ahmed Mamane opened KindCare Pharmacy and Medical Supply to offer an alternative to the big-box drugstore experience. MORE OPINIONS The namesake Questions surface over Zingg Recital Hall. Farewell to a friend Wes Shockley’s death sends ripples through military, wider community. Walmart wins Big box set to expand with nod from City Council. Kid-tested, kid-approved Chapman community celebrates the opening of new, community-funded playground at Chapman Elementary School. Focus on Poverty An aggregation of stories from CN&R on the subject of poverty in our region. Food Access Coverage of California's low rate of participation in the CalFresh (Food Stamps) program. LOCAL STORIES | OPINIONS | CALENDAR | SUBSCRIBE | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS | CLASSIFIEDS CHICO N&R | RENO N&R | SAC N&R |  PRIVACY STATEMENT | TERMS OF USE | CONTACT US | ADVERTISER SERVICES & INFO  COPYRIGHT ©2016 CHICO COMMUNITY PUBLISHING, INC.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 1 hr 52 mins S&P 500 2,202.22 -0.72 (-0.03%) Dow 30 19,070.92 47.05 (0.25%) After Target (TGT) Earnings, Should Walmart (WMT) Investors Worry? Ryan McQueeney ZacksAugust 17, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Shares of Target TGT are down about 5.7% Wednesday following the release of the company’s second-quarter earnings report. Target missed revenue expectations and slashed its guidance for the remainder of the year, which could be a sign of things to come for Walmart WMT, another giant in the value shopping sphere that is set to report this week. Target posted second-quarter earnings of $1.23 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.14. However, quarterly revenues of $16.169 billion declined 7.2% on a year-over-year basis and fell short of our consensus estimate of $16.245. Additionally, comparable-store sales fell 1.1%, while total transactions were down 2.2% (also read: Three Reasons For Target's Weak Q2 Sales). Target also lowered its outlook for fiscal 2016. The company now expects earnings to fall in the range of $4.80–$5.20 per share compared with its earlier-announced $5.20–$5.40 per share range. For the third quarter, the company expects earnings per share in the range of 75–95 cents. The current Zacks Consensus Estimate for the third quarter and fiscal 2016 stand at 98 cents and $5.16, respectively (also read: Target Q2 Earnings Beat, Sales Miss; Trims View). Some of Target’s results have to concern Walmart investors, as the two companies tend to operate in the same retail sphere and attract similar customers. Walmart is set to release its earnings report on Thursday morning, and those looking to make an earnings play on the stock should definitely check out Target's report first. To predict whether Target’s report foreshadows what’s to come for Walmart, we need to look at what caused Target’s sluggish sales. In the company’s conference call following the release of the report, CEO Brian Cornell highlighted several factors for the disappointing numbers, including a slow start to the company’s partnership with CVS CVS and improperly focused marketing, which wouldn’t necessarily apply to Walmart. However, Cornell did place a significant amount of blame on a decline in sales of Apple AAPL products. According to Target’s management, a 20% drop in Apple sales was to blame for a third of the company’s double digit plunge in electronics sales. Of course, Walmart stores also stock Apple products in their electronics departments, and it will be interesting to see whether or not Walmart mentions Apple at all tomorrow. Walmart investors might also be worried about Target’s guidance cut. Walmart currently has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and a positive Earnings ESP, which suggests that an earnings beat is more likely, but that won’t matter if Walmart also posts lackluster guidance. While Target’s guidance cut could be a result of company-specific trends, it could also be a statement on the overall health of the retail sector. Throughout this earnings season, retail results have been mixed, but Target could be indicating that less shoppers will be hitting the stores throughout the remainder of the year. There’s a lot to consider heading into Walmart’s report tomorrow, and investors need to be fully prepared. For further analysis, check out our in-depth preview (Should You Buy Walmart Stock Ahead of Earnings?), or watch our own Dave Bartosiak walk you through the best options trading strategy ahead of Walmart’s report: Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report   WAL-MART STORES (WMT): Free Stock Analysis Report   TARGET CORP (TGT): Free Stock Analysis Report   CVS HEALTH CORP (CVS): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more The Verge Walmart's Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals Kiplinger.com Here's every PS4 Black Friday deal there is CNET The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Best Things to Buy on Black Friday Kiplinger.com Trump TV quietly made its first broadcast Yahoo Finance Dr Pepper just paid $1.7 billion for a little-known brand that's a threat to Coke and Pepsi Business Insider American consumers seem pretty excited about Donald Trump Yahoo Finance 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com New York Times Finds Growth Amid Trump's Jabs Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Deere hits all time high, Eli Lilly sinks to 2-year low, Urban Outfitters falls on miss Yahoo Finance How to buy a new HDTV without getting ripped off Yahoo Finance NATO's second-largest military power is threatening a dramatic pivot to Russia and China Business Insider Americans have changed their attitudes about cars — and it's a boon for the auto industry Business Insider Art Laffer Sees Economic Benefits in Trump Tax Cuts Bloomberg Video Trump backs away from pledge to 'cancel' Paris Climate Agreement Joe: Face it Trump fans, you're not getting anything he promised you. What you will get is lower wages, longer hours with no overtime, and more tax breaks for billionaires. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 27 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance There's something distinctive in the way Trump talks about the alt-right Business Insider JPMorgan has made an important hire from Goldman Sachs, and it hints at the future of trading Business Insider NFL legend Jim Kelly's story of triumph and tragedy Yahoo Finance Dr Pepper Snapple, Pepsi buy drinks makers in bid to diversify Reuters How Jack Nicklaus celebrates Thanksgiving Yahoo Finance Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance How Much Notice Should You Give When Quitting a Job? Credit.com The New Rules of Retirement Planning Consumer Reports A bizarre law could allow North Carolina lawmakers to flip the outcome of its governor election Business Insider Johnson & Johnson stock goes into full breakdown The Street How to buy a new HDTV without getting seriously ripped off Yahoo Finance Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Almost 80% of Americans Make This Major Tax Mistake -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Meet the man behind Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade CNBC Videos Record lows in US bonds are signalling a reckoning with stocks Yahoo Finance Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Products Bakery Beverages Breakfast, Cereals & Bars Dairy Meals & Sides Meat, Poultry & Seafood Sauces & Marinades Snacks & Appetizers Soups Ingredients Phosphates & Acidulants Antioxidants & Nutritionals Batters, Breading & Coatings Cheese, Sauces & Bases Colorings Dietary Fiber Emulsifiers, Fat & Oils Flavors, Seasonings, Spices Flours, Grains, & Pasta Fruits, Vegetables and Nuts Gums & Starches Proteins & Enzymes Sweeteners Formulation Allergens & Intolerance Gluten Free Authentic & Ethnic Calorie Reduction Cost Reduction Fat Reduction Organic & Natural Shelf Stability Sodium Reduction Weight Management Vegetarian R&D Lab Tech / QA-QC / Food Safety NutraSolutions Functional New Products Functional Ingredients Functional Benefits Food Master Videos Interactive Spotlight Videos More eNewsletter Archives Events New Product Conference R&D Applications Seminar Spirit of Innovation Awards Industry Events Webinars Prepared Foods Mobile App Prepared Foods Store Special Reports / White Papers Innovation Sources First Person 19 Product Development Resources Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Editions Contact Advertise Home » A Look At Wal-Mart's Food Lab Breaking NewsR&D Lab Tech/QA-QC/Food Safety A Look At Wal-Mart's Food Lab New culinary innovation center is aimed at developing new food and beverage products August 18, 2016 KEYWORDS food industry news / food innovations / food product development / walmart Reprints No Comments by Anne D'Innocenzio Associated Press Wal-Mart opened a 12,000-square-foot culinary and innovation center at its headquarters in June as a place where the nation's largest food retailer can work with major suppliers to come up with new food ideas, and develop ideas on its own to bolster its store-brand selection. Here's a peek at the food lab: WHAT IT IS: The center has 10 test kitchens including a studio-style chef's kitchen and replicas of the bakery and deli kitchens found in most of its stores. It has stoves, ovens and microwaves so the staff can cook the same ways customers do at home. There's also a sensory lab where Wal-Mart can collect feedback from customers and employees, who answer questions about the texture, saltiness or sweetness of a food or beverage. The facility follows a similar lab at the company's Sam's Club headquarters, which opened a few years ago. WHY IT MATTERS: Wal-Mart derives 56 percent of its total sales from food and other grocery items. The company also accounts for about 25 percent of the overall U.S. grocery business. Since customers might shop for food several times a week, it's critical to get food items right to build loyalty. In the past, Wal-Mart had tested products at kitchens throughout its headquarters, but that effort was limited and the feedback it provided was fairly general. Now, Wal-Mart gets specific feedback from customers that it can share with suppliers to help decide if an item is ready or needs changes. That collaboration saves money and cuts several months off a product launch, which can last a year from idea to an item landing on store shelves. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Associated Press. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Prepared Foods. Related Articles Surlean Foods Expands Culinary R&D Team Surlean Foods Opens Culinary R&D And Customer Innovation Center Shaklee Invests In Innovation To Help Create Healthier, Longer Lives Deli Star Corporation Opens St. Louis Innovation Center Related Products Lean Manufacturing in the Food Industry Dairy Ingredients for Food Processing The 10 Principles of Food Industry Sustainability Food Safety for the 21st Century: Managing HACCP and Food Safety throughout the Global Supply Chain Related Events Better Process Control School Dairy Lab for Improved Quality Keynote Address: How to Win and Lead Market Change Practical Food Safety & HACCP Workshop You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions Prepared Foods eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App More Videos Events September 22, 2016 Strategies to Drive Profitable Growth for Your Functional Beverage Attendees will learn about functional beverage innovations, trends, and consumer purchase drivers, what Millennials expect from healthy beverage products and how to make and keep your brand relevant and sensory challenges in functional beverages and flavor/odor masking solutions to meet consumer expectations for great taste October 20, 2016 Taste Insights: Reducing Sugar and Caloric Content with Fiber Find out how you can meet today's sugar reduction challenges. As you work to fulfill both the scheduled FDA changes to the Nutrition Facts Label and consumer preferences, you will benefit from learning how to reduce, rebalance, or replace added sugars with label-friendly ingredients. View All Submit An Event Poll Meal Kit Delivery Services Do you believe meal kit delivery services are in a position to create a major impact on traditional supermarkets? Yes No View Results Poll Archive Products Vegetable Oils in Food Technology: Composition, Properties and Uses, 2nd Edition Now in an extensively updated second edition, the volume provides a source of concentrated and accessible information on the composition, properties and food applications of the vegetable oils commonly used in the food industry. See More Products Prepared Foods 2016 November Check out the November 2016 issue of Prepared Foods, featuring our cover story on alternative proteins, along with features on dietary minerals, Hispanic-style food trends, and more! View More Subscribe More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Custom Content & Marketing Services Market Research List Rental Editorial Guidelines Want More Connect New Product Submission Form Copyright ©2016. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Walmart eyeing India's rapidly-growing food processing sector amid easing of FDI rules - Firstpost Firstpost F. business Front Page Politics Sidhu's wife, Navjot Kaur to join Congress on 28 November Demonetisation: PM Modi should work on a favourable wave until Parliament allows him to respond Rajnath Singh on triple talaq: 'Women cannot be treated as 'secondary citizens in India' Demonetisation: CPM files petition in SC against govt move Tripura bypolls: BJP's improved showing may change state politics for good PM Modi app survey: Over 90% respondents back demonetisation move, term it bold Sports Former English footballers allege sexual abuse by youth coaches Nuwan Pradeep's last over heroics earn Sri Lanka thrilling win over West Indies, place in final Ranji Trophy roundup: Mumbai rally courtesy Shreyas Iyer's ton, Tamil Nadu take first-innings lead Cricket-hockey tussle in Pakistan: PCB wants PHF to return 16-year-old 'loan' ISL 2016: Mumbai City FC book semi-final spot with convincing win over Chennaiyin FC BCCI yet to provide clarity on India-Pakistan clash in Women's Asia Cup on 29 November India Demonetisation: SBI slashes bulk deposit rates by 1.9% following surge in deposits Pakistan Army's DGMO calls up Indian counterpart after heavy cross-border shelling Sri Lanka snatch thrilling victory over wasteful Windies | Reuters Demonetisation: Shirdi temple collects Rs 2.32 crore in six days; old notes galore UPSC 2015 topper Tina Dabi to tie the knot with 2nd rank holder Athar Amir Khan Pakistan says China to make extra $8.5 billion investments in rail, energy | Reuters World President-elect Donald Trump nominates Indian-American Nikki Haley as US envoy to UN Pakistan lobbying with Indians who are against Modi's 'extremism', says Sartaj Aziz Will US President-elect Donald Trump ever make peace with the US media? Jo Cox murder: Far-right extremist sentenced to life for killing Labour MP during Brexit campaign Dalai Lama not worried about Donald Trump, says he plans to visit US next year Indian-American Nikki Haley to serve as US ambassador to UN, in Trump administration Business Demonetisation: Bhavin Turakhia's Zeta launches SuperCard for fraud-free online, offline transactions PM Modi app survey: Over 90% respondents back demonetisation move, term it bold Demonetisation: Jan Dhan accounts garner Rs 21,000 crore deposits in just two weeks Demonetisation: Cascading impact of Modi govt's note ban may put GST on backburner Unique Payments Interface; here's what you need to know about the product Demonetisation: As raids, amnesty schemes hardly got the desired results, Modi had to bite the bullet Life From observer, India now becomes associate member of CERN More than erotica, a 360° walk through the temples of Khajuraho, Madhya Pradesh Sexist men, playboys most likely to have mental health problems: Study Hardwired... to Self-Destruct review: Metallica's 10th album isn't bad, but it's far from great Entertainment M Balamuralikrishna was a temple of music: Singer Sudha Raghunathan's tribute to the legend Akshay Kumar, Amitabh Bachchan co-star in a film after 10 years in R Balki's next Watch: Hrithik Roshan, Jacqueline Fernandez finally share screen space in this ad Dear Zindagi's rehash of Ilayaraja's ‘Ae Zindagi..’ allows the film to rise above its trailers Watch: Priyanka Chopra launches trailer of her debut Punjabi production Sarvann Watch: Dangal's hard-hitting new song Dhaakad boasts of Haryanvi rap courtesy Raftaar Photos Videos Demonetisation News Tech2 Faking News हिंदी You are here: Latest News › Business News Walmart eyeing India's rapidly-growing food processing sector amid easing of FDI rules Aug 18, 2016 08:24 IST #AK Srivastava   #Balaji Wafers   #Danone Asia   #FDI   #Food parks   #food processing   #Future Group   #Kishore Biyani   #Patanjali Ayurveda   #Walmart   By PTI New Delhi: Global retail major Walmart has shown interest in entering India's food processing sector after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said Wednesday. "Walmart is showing lot of interest. Now we are hoping that they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country," Food Processing Secretary A K Srivastava said while briefing reporters about the investments in the sector in the last two years. AFP He also said that a leading Brazilian poultry company has expressed keen interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future Group to sell their products in the country. "A Brazilian company claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us Tuesday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets," he added. However, when contacted, a Future Group spokesperson said there is no such development. To give a boost and attract foreign investments in the sector, the government recently permitted 100 percent FDI in retailing of processed food produced and manufactured in India. The US-based Walmart is present in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country. Talking about the food processing sector, Srivastava said that government is taking lot of steps to boost the sector. "Our projects are quite power intensive. Be it our mega food parks or cold chains. We have requested Solar Energy Corporation of India to formulate a proposal for providing solar energy in mega food parks and cold chains. We are preparing a proposal of 47. It will help in reducing consumption of power," he said. The ministry has also floated expression of interest for six new mega food parks. To promote foreign investment in the sector, he said "we have kept a special condition (in the EoIs). So to promote foreign investment, we have said that we will give 2 or 3 extra marks to the marking scheme if you bring in foreign equity of 26 percent or more". He also said that FDI in the sector will give a huge boost to the sector and also job creation. Speaking at the briefing, Special Secretary in the ministry Jagdish Prasad Meena said that PepsiCo is growing potatoes with farmers and they are also talking to develop clusters for citrus production. Meena said that in the next few months, the ministry will come out with new schemes to improve infrastructure. The food processing sector received FDI worth $1.04 billion during April 2014 to March 2015. Food processing industry contributed around 9 percent to the manufacturing GDP. The industry was valued at $39.71 billion in 2013 and it is expected to grow at a CAGR of 11 percent to $65.4 billion by 2018. "32 lakh tonnes capacity of cold storage has been created with an expenditure of Rs 9,000 crore within the last two years. This is expected to reduce wastage by 10 percent per annum or Rs 9,200 crore every year," Srivastava said. Over the last two years, 51 cold chain projects have been completed and six mega food parks have been operationalised since June 2014. Some of the major investments received in the last two years include Linde Group investment of $200 million in seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh; US-based Mondelez International has inaugurated its new manufacturing plant in Andhra Pradesh. also see Demonetisation: Big Bazaar allows cash withdrawal up to Rs 2,000 from 24 November Flipkart sees huge potential in grocery, furniture to keep Amazon at bay Cigarette stocks take pounding on FDI woes, Godfrey Phillips sheds 18% This plant has been set up with an investment of Rs 1,265 crore with an annual capacity of 250,000 tonnes. Mars International India, a leading chocolate maker, has invested $114.63 million in Pune. With a total investment of $33.96 million, Kellogg's unit in Andhra Pradesh provides employment to 500 persons. The company is also planning to set up an R&D facility and their third cereal facility in Mumbai. Fresh dairy products player Danone Asia Pacific Holdings has invested $24.24 million and is expanding its manufacturing facility in Lalru near Chandigarh. Domestic companies, including Patanjali Ayurveda, have also announced major investments in the last two years. Patanjali is planing to set up a Rs 500 crore food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh. The state has cleared 400 acres of land for this. It is expected to provide jobs to about 700 people. Balaji Wafers is investing $61.5 million in building a plant for wafers and snacks in Madhya Pradesh. It has acquired land and would employ 1,000 people. First Published On : Aug 18, 2016 08:24 IST Related News Leave your mobile phones at home on polling day 2G case: Ex-official denies deposing falsely 2G case: A Raja cross-examines former official Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments Top Stories Demonetisation: PM Modi's avoidance of Parliament is serious and mocks democracy 7 Including 3 Soldiers Killed in Shelling by India, Says Pakistan Army - News18 Demonetisation in Kerala: Terror outfits use contraband money to indoctrinate youths Demonetisation: SBI slashes bulk deposit rates by 1.9% following surge in deposits Demonetisation: Time to cash out real estate - Moneycontrol Dear Zindagi's rehash of Ilayaraja's ‘Ae Zindagi..’ allows the film to rise above its trailers Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI Sri Lanka beat West Indies by 1 run Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Match Abandoned Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs WI Zimbabwe tied with West Indies Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ Vs PAK New Zealand beat Pakistan by 8 wickets Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI West Indies beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India beat England by 246 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs TBC - Nov 27th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 4th, 2016, 09:50 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 6th, 2016, 09:50 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Dec 8th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 9th, 2016, 09:50 AM IST Pakistan in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 AUS vs PAK - Dec 15th, 2016, 08:30 AM IST 1 Walmart eyeing India's rapidly-growing food processing sector amid easing of FDI rules PM Modi app survey: Over 90% respondents back demonetisation move, term it bold Demonetisation: Jan Dhan accounts garner Rs 21,000 crore deposits in just two weeks Demonetisation: As raids, amnesty schemes hardly got the desired results, Modi had to bite the bullet Demonetisation: Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access site index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्टAbout FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
null
Home Industry Companies Walmart, Brazil firm show India appetite Walmart, Brazil firm show India appetite US retail giant Walmart and one of the world’s largest food companies based out of Brazil are interested in setting up stores in India following the government’s decision to allow 100% foreign direct investment... By: FE Bureau | New Delhi | Published: August 18, 2016 6:19 AM Walmart is interested in setting up its own retail stores, but the Brazilian company may go for a local partner. (Reuters) US retail giant Walmart and one of the world’s largest food companies based out of Brazil are interested in setting up stores in India following the government’s decision to allow 100% foreign direct investment in the marketing of locally-produced food items, food processing secretary Avinash Srivastava said on Wednesday. Walmart is interested in setting up its own retail stores, but the Brazilian company may go for a local partner, he said. Though Srivastava refused to name the Brazilian company, his statement came amid speculations BRF Brasil may tie up with the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group. However, the companies are yet to apply to the government for permission to set up their stores here. While Walmart is the world’s largest retailer, BRF is a global leader in exporting animal protein and on producing food items that are supplied to over 150 countries. BRF has more than 105,000 employees across 35 industrial units in Brazil, 16 abroad and 40 distribution centres. Speaking on the occasion to highlight the achievements of the food processing sector under the Centre’s “Make in India” programme, department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) secretary Ramesh Abhishek said the sector has received FDI of $1.04 billion between April 2014 and March 2016. This has driven up the overall FDI in the sector to $6.82 billion between April 2000 and March 2016, accounting for 2.36% of the total FDI received by the country across sectors during the period. At least 14 foreign firms have invested above $15 million each (in the range of $16.16-200 million) over the last two years, Abhishek said. Similarly, at least four domestic companies, including Patanjali Ayurved, are investing. He added that this was not an exhaustive list. Top investor Linde Group has invested $200 million in the seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh, while US food major Mondelez International has set up a manufacturing plant with an investment of $190 million, with a capacity of 250,000 tonnes in that state again. Mars International (India), one of the largest chocolate makers, has spent $114.63 million in its Pune plant. Among domestic companies, Patanjali is planning to invest Rs 500 crore in a food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh for which the state government has cleared 400 acres of land. Balaji Wafers, a snacks manufacturer, if investing Rs 414 crore in a manufacturing plant. In June, the DIPP notified that 100% FDI will be permitted in trading — including through e-commerce — of food products produced or manufactured in India, subject to the approval of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB). The decision to allow it was part of the government’s announcement in the 2016-17 Budget. “This will benefit farmers, give impetus to food processing industry and create vast employment opportunities,” finance minister Arun Jaitley had said in his Budget speech. However, critics had pointed out that opening up only the marketing of food products fully was unlikely to attract much foreign investments as no supermarket can attract massive footfalls and be profitable with just food items on its shelves. The decision is important as food and farm items worth Rs 92,000 crore go waste annually in India due to a low level of processing and inadequate infrastructure for scientific storage. India is the world’s largest producer of milk and the second-largest grower of rice, wheat, fruit and vegetables, but the processing level of such items currently stands at just 10%. Srivastava said with the setting up of additional cold chains, with a storage capacity of 3.2 million tonnes, the government expects to reduce farm wastage by 10% a year. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Flipkart claims it has sold 1 million Xiaomi Redmi 3s and Redmi 3S Prime smartphones Sri Sri Ravishankar praises PM Narendra Modi's demonetisation move; calls it a 'big cause' Demonetisation: Rs 2,000 note illegal, says Congress leader Manish Tewari Tehseen Poonawalla likely to move court over SBI’s loan write off ? Shocking code of conduct for girls at National Institute of Calicut: From ban on Whatsapp, Facebook to wearing tights and talking to boys! GoAir offer: Now budget airliner unveils Rs 736 scheme Vistara looks to compete with Spicejet, GoAir, launches Rs 999 sale offer; says will accept Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes BJP asks Rahul Gandhi to participate in demonetisation debate in Parliament Raheel Sharif's retirement internal matter of Pakistan: US IBPS RRB Officers Scale 1 Pre Exam 2016 Score Card released at ibps.in Income Tax dept busts big cash deposit racket in Nagaland  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story

Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Football Gameday Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Nevada Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Matt Youmans Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Homicide map Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News The Auto Mag Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Business The Cosmopolitan of Las...U.S. judge suggests Apollo,...     Posted August 17, 2016 - 5:05pm Target cuts outlook as it sees fewer customers in stores Target cuts outlook as it sees fewer customers in stores This Wednesday, June 29, 2016, photo shows a Target store in Hialeah, Fla. Target reports financial results Wednesday, Aug. 17. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS NEW YORK — Target Corp. cut its profit forecast and a key sales outlook Wednesday as it saw fewer customers in its stores and acknowledged it didn’t push the second part of its “Expect More, Pay Less” slogan. The Minneapolis-based discounter’s second-quarter net income fell nearly 10 percent, though that was better than what most had expected. Sales at stores open at least a year fell 1.1 percent, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. Its main competitor, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., reports results Thursday. Target’s shares fell $4.87, or 6.45 percent, to close at $70.63. Customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half as Target struggled to get its grocery offerings right and shoppers looking for deals on essentials like detergent were turned off. Other issues, both company-specific and industrywide, ranged from a lack of new electronics for sale and lingering disruptions caused by the sale last year of its pharmacy business to CVS. Sales by markets also varied, with weakness on the East Coast but pockets of strength in California. “Our No. 1 focus is driving traffic back to our stores and accelerating business to our site,” CEO Brian Cornell said. Target joins retailers such as department store chain Macy’s that are struggling with fewer customers coming in as shoppers buy more online. The bright spots in retail have been T.J. Maxx’s parent company TJX Cos. and Home Depot as consumers look for clothing bargains and focus more on their homes. Under Cornell, Target has been trying to reinvigorate itself restore its cheap-chic status after a series of headline-grabbing setbacks such as a 2013 data breach. It’s focusing on categories like fashion, home furnishings and wellness products, creating vignettes featuring home products and launching the children’s line Cat & Jack. But striking the right balance between stylish clothing and bedspreads while offering toothpaste and detergent at good prices has been tricky. “Our progress in apparel and home has been really significant,” said Cornell. “And we’ve got to make sure we never lose track of the other side of our brand promise and that’s the “Pay Less” side. And that’s all about those core household essentials that we have to make sure are presented effectively.” To boost sales and traffic, Target plans to increase marketing for its essentials and work with key vendors like Apple to push more innovation and to also improve presentations. Apple product sales were down 20 percent and the electronics department was a “significant drag,” Cornell said. Target is still struggling, however, to reinvent its food section — an area where Wal-Mart is particularly strong. Grocery sales represent about 20 percent of Target’s total business but it has seen disappointing results from perishables like fruits and vegetables. Its nonperishable items have been doing well, and it’s marketing more organic, natural or gluten-free products. Yarbrough noted that Target faces stiff competition on the low end from Wal-Mart, which is focusing on lowering prices further, and at the high end from the likes of stores like Whole Foods and others. “Grocery is going to be more difficult to fix,” said Brian P. Yarbrough, a senior analyst at the Edward Jones investment firm, which downgraded Target’s stock to “hold” from a “buy” rating Wednesday. “They’re not a destination for food. They don’t offer a whole suite of products.” Although nowhere near the online volume of Amazon, Target is expanding its online services. It’s doubling the number of stores that will be used to ship products directly to online shoppers’ homes, which will result in speedier deliveries. Online sales rose 16 percent in the second quarter, lower than the 23 percent gain in the first quarter. Target also is spending to modify some stores after an outcry from some customers about its policy of allowing transgender customers and staff to use the bathrooms that identifies with their gender identity. Chief Financial Officer Cathy Smith said the backlash hasn’t had a “material” impact on sales, but some customers are still upset. “We are listening to our guests,” she said. Target is investing $20 million in building single-stall bathrooms in stores. Target reported net income for the quarter of $680 million, or $1.16 per share. That compares with $753 million, or $1.18 per share, a year earlier. Adjusted per-share earnings were $1.23, beating projections of $1.14 from Wall Street, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue fell 7 percent to $16.2 billion. The company now expects earnings this year from $4.80 to $5.20 per share, lower than the $5.20 to $5.40 it had projected earlier. Same-stores sales could fall as much as 2 percent in the second half of the year, Target said. The Cosmopolitan of Las...U.S. judge suggests Apollo,...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular First a team, now an identity for Las Vegas’ NHL expansion entry Las Vegas’ NHL team officially named Vegas Golden Knights Raiders owner Mark Davis remains ‘committed to Las Vegas’ Legendary Tempest Storm says she’s done with Burlesque Hall of Fame event Man sentenced to life in prison for rape and murder behind Las Vegas strip mall Columnists Features Road Warrior Time to take down those political campaign signs across Las Vegas Valley   Inside Gaming Stay tuned for e-sports betting in Las Vegas casinos   Real Estate Insider Las Vegas retains title of underwater homes capital   On Education Emotions run high in charter battle between 2 school districts in Southern Nevada   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR WED 23 THU 24 FRI 25 SAT 26 SUN 27 MON 28 TUE 29 A All Week   Loading... Search     Tweets from https://twitter.com/reviewjournal/lists/rj-business   Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
MENU GO 48 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard HealthWorks TV & Radio Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Circa more... News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard HealthWorks TV & Radio Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Circa Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Election Election Results KOMO Investigators Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Football Tonight Scoreboard HealthWorks TV & Radio Contact KOMO News Contact KOMO Radio What's On TV What's On Radio People TV Contests & Events Radio Contests Hotlinks KOMO Radio Events KOMO Radio Community Events Listener Club Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Radio Contest Rules Rules Archive Content for a Cause Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Circa Target cuts outlook as it sees fewer customers in stores by ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer This Wednesday, June 29, 2016, photo shows a Target store in Hialeah, Fla. Target reports financial results Wednesday, Aug. 17. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) AA NEW YORK (AP) — Target Corp. cut its profit forecast and a key sales outlook Wednesday as it saw fewer customers in its stores and acknowledged it didn't push the second part of its "Expect More, Pay Less" slogan. The Minneapolis-based discounter's second-quarter net income fell nearly 10 percent, though that was better than what most had expected. Sales at stores open at least a year fell 1.1 percent, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. Its main competitor, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., reports results Thursday. Target's shares fell $4.74, or 6 percent, to $70.74 in afternoon trading. Customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half as Target struggled to get its grocery offerings right and shoppers looking for deals on essentials like detergent were turned off. Other issues, both company-specific and industrywide, ranged from a lack of new electronics for sale and lingering disruptions caused by the sale last year of its pharmacy business to CVS. Sales by markets also varied, with weakness on the East Coast but pockets of strength in California. "Our No. 1 focus is driving traffic back to our stores and accelerating business to our site," Chief Executive Brian Cornell said. Target joins retailers such as department store chain Macy's that are struggling with fewer customers coming in as shoppers buy more online. The bright spots in retail have been T.J. Maxx's parent company TJX Cos. and Home Depot as consumers look for clothing bargains and focus more on their homes. Under Cornell, Target has been trying to reinvigorate itself restore its cheap-chic status after a series of headline-grabbing setbacks such as a 2013 data breach. It's focusing on categories like fashion, home furnishings and wellness products, creating vignettes featuring home products and launching the children's line Cat & Jack. But striking the right balance between stylish clothing and bedspreads while offering toothpaste and detergent at good prices has been tricky. "Our progress in apparel and home has been really significant," said Cornell. "And we've got to make sure we never lose track of the other side of our brand promise and that's the "Pay Less" side. And that's all about those core household essentials that we have to make sure are presented effectively." To boost sales and traffic, Target plans to increase marketing for its essentials and work with key vendors like Apple to push more innovation and to also improve presentations. Apple product sales were down 20 percent and the electronics department was a "significant drag," Cornell said. Target is still struggling, however, to reinvent its food section — an area where Wal-Mart is particularly strong. Grocery sales represent about 20 percent of Target's total business but it has seen disappointing results from perishables like fruits and vegetables. Its nonperishable items have been doing well, and it's marketing more organic, natural or gluten-free products. Yarbrough noted that Target faces stiff competition on the low end from Wal-Mart, which is focusing on lowering prices further, and at the high end from the likes of stores like Whole Foods and others. "Grocery is going to be more difficult to fix," said Brian P. Yarbrough, a senior analyst at the Edward Jones investment firm, which downgraded Target's stock to "hold" from a "buy" rating Wednesday. "They're not a destination for food. They don't offer a whole suite of products." While nowhere near the online volume of Amazon, Target is expanding its online services. It's doubling the number of stores that will be used to ship products directly to online shoppers' homes, which will result in speedier deliveries. Online sales rose 16 percent in the second quarter, lower than the 23 percent gain in the first quarter. Target also is spending to modify some stores after an outcry from some customers about its policy of allowing transgender customers and staff to use the bathrooms that identifies with their gender identity. Chief financial officer Cathy Smith said the backlash hasn't had a "material" impact on sales, but some customers are still upset. "We are listening to our guests," she said. Target is investing $20 million in building single-stall bathrooms in stores. Target reported net income for the quarter of $680 million, or $1.16 per share. That compares with $753 million, or $1.18 per share, a year earlier. Adjusted per-share earnings were $1.23, beating projections of $1.14 from Wall Street, according to a survey by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue fell 7 percent to $16.2 billion. The company now expects earnings this year from $4.80 to $5.20 per share, lower than the $5.20 to $5.40 it had projected earlier. Same-stores sales could fall as much as 2 percent in the second half of the year, Target said. close News In Pictures Photos: Ski resorts show off their snow ahead of big winter storms this weekend 100-pound sturgeon rescued at Ballard Locks Crash shuts down several lanes of I-5 in North Seattle Beloved Seattle cafe closing its doors after more than a century of business Trending 1   Police: Seattle mom caught man raping her daughter on camera 2   Gig Harbor community mourns the death of 20-year-old 3   Winter Storm Warnings in effect for Cascades as twin Thanksgiving storms approach 4   Rare thunderstorm asthma kills 4 people in Australian city 5   Schlitterbahn closing Verrückt after young boy killed on Kansas waterslide DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with KOMO Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Police: Seattle mom caught man raping her daughter on camera 2 Gig Harbor community mourns the death of 20-year-old 3 Winter Storm Warnings in effect for Cascades as twin Thanksgiving storms approach 4 Rare thunderstorm asthma kills 4 people in Australian city 5 Schlitterbahn closing Verrückt after young boy killed on Kansas waterslide 6 Crash shuts down several lanes of I-5 in North Seattle 7 Bellevue's Snowflake Lane to get extra police, barricades 8 Local medic quits job to help injured protesters on front lines of Dakota Access pipeline 9 Winter Storm Watches, High Wind Watches hoisted as stormy pattern commences 10 Power restored in Lewis County after widespread outages
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Elections 2016 Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Desk Life Lannie & Granny Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade C'est La Vie Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad About Us Crime August 17, 2016 6:25 PM Robber who told Wal-Mart worker ‘this isn’t worth dying for’ gets prison Larenzo Arthur Pettis i By Robin Fitzgerald rfitzgerald@sunherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Gulfport A man who told a Wal-Mart employee “this isn’t worth dying for” has been convicted in the July 2, 2014, robbery at the Pass Christian store, prosecutors said. A Harrison County jury believed testimony that Larenzo Arthur Pettis tried to leave the store with a flatscreen television and put his hand in his pocket in a threatening manner as he made the comment, District Attorney Joel Smith said Wednesday. Circuit Judge Judge Christ Schmidt sentenced Pettis to 15 years in prison but suspended eight years, leaving Pettis to serve seven years. Schmidt also ordered five years of post-release supervision. The judge considered Pettis’ 2003 conviction for attempted robbery and numerous misdemeanor arrests, Smith said. Pettis, 34, was a former Wal-Mart employee who had been arrested on a similar charge at a different Wal-Mart. Prosecutors said an assistant manager testified he saw Pettis acting suspiciously about 4 a.m. and confronted him as he tried to leave the store with a flat-panel LG-brand TV. That’s when Pettis made the threatening comment and gesture, they said. Another employee testified Pettis grabbed the TV out of his shopping cart and ran from the store as the assistant manager backed away. The jury saw a store video that showed the exchange, said Assistant District Attorney Chris Carter, who prosecuted the case with ADA Mitch Owen. Pettis’ attorney asked the jury to consider the lesser offense of misdemeanor shoplifting. Carter said he told the jury in closing arguments under the law, shoplifting is elevated to a robbery when there’s a confrontation that causes fear. Robin Fitzgerald: 228-896-2307, @robincrimenews Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:09 Stickers help keep memory of three-year-old alive Pause 0:44 Drive by shooting reported at The Reservation 7:31 Reports from the scene of a shooting after a car crash in D'Iberville 0:36 Former Hancock coach led from courtroom in cuffs after sentencing 3:10 Cassie Barker surrenders to authorities 0:42 Video shows vehicle burglaries at Lakeview 1:31 The eyes don’t lie, she wasn’t Princess Di 2:45 Jailer says former school mate Josh Vallum 'dumbed himself down' for gang 2:46 She fell in love with a man who would later kill her 3:34 Mercedes Williamson 'knew who she was,' mother says 8:04 Gang member says he blacked out before killing transgender girlfriend Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 days ago Gulfport Police Chief on fight video: “That’s sick” 1:16 6 days ago Gulfport Police Chief on fight video: “That’s sick” 1:09 14 days ago Stickers help keep memory of three-year-old alive 0:44 15 days ago Drive by shooting reported at The Reservation View more video Crime South Mississippi felony arrest mugshots for Tuesday, Nov. 22, 2016 Which way did it go? Excavator, trailer stolen from business Man accused of setting woods on fire to avoid arrest faces more charges South Mississippi felony arrest mugshots for Monday, Nov. 21, 2016 He stole from Coast mailboxes that had red flag up Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Quick Finder Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Quick Finder More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Four Small-Cap Banks That Merit A Close Look DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today What to Watch Thursday: Walmart Earnings, Federal Reserve Speakers On Thursday, August 18, investors await quarterly results from Walmart and remarks from three Federal Reserve officials. Scott Gamm Aug 17, 2016 7:30 PM EDT On Thursday, August 18, investors await quarterly results from Walmart (WMT) and remarks from three Federal Reserve officials. Walmart is expected to post earnings of $1.02 a share on sales of $120.16 billion. During the same quarter a year ago, the retailer reported earnings per share of $1.08 on sales of $120.23 billion. Analysts will be watching Walmart's online sales growth, as the retailer looks to compete against Amazon (AMZN) , namely through its recent plan to acquire Jet.com for $3.3 billion. Gap (GPS) and Ross Stores (ROST) also report quarterly earnings on Thursday. As for economic developments, New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley speaks at 10am Eastern; San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams speaks at 4pm; and Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan delivers remarks at 8pm. TheStreet's Scott Gamm reports from Wall Street. If you liked this article you might like Trump's Tech-Firm Target Practice As tech companies become enemies of the State, mid-cap financials are a good play. Mark Sebastian Nov 23, 2016 1:47 PM EST Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s Open Call invitation for online suppliers isn’t without challenges by Kim Souza. Published Aug 17th, 2016 4:48 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. –––––––––––––––– When retail giant Wal-Mart made headlines in June by saying “yes” to online access to nearly all the 450 suppliers who pitched products at the annual Open Call event in Bentonville, little did some suppliers know the challenges they would face in trying to get their products uploaded to Walmart.com. One supplier out of New York is still waiting to connect with an online buyer because of Wal-Mart personnel turnover. Without a vendor number the new supplier is in limbo. Suppliers already selling products online seek a review with the buyers they met in June, but a new phone system – with different phone extensions – at Wal-Mart corporate offices has complicated the process. This leaves only email connections, a cumbersome process given the hundreds of emails a buyer receives in a week. Consultants who represented clients to Wal-Mart have told Talk Business & Politics that in the exuberance of hearing “yes” there were many details that were not made clear to the first-timers. And once it became clear what would be required to sell online for Walmart.com, the cost became prohibitive for some of the suppliers offering salsa, mac and cheese and pet foods. The cost is high given the product is not in physical stores. Wal-Mart makes no secret of its requirements for suppliers which are published on the retailer’s website. All suppliers have to get a Dun & Bradstreet credit rating, and in many cases with foods and other consumables liability insurance is required should a customer get sick. The costs associated with being a Wal-Mart supplier are higher than in past years given the warehousing fees which were added this year and 90- to 120-day payment windows common in contracts. There also is a 2% damage fee which can be assessed by the retailer. Consultants said it doesn’t necessarily make sense to spend as much as $5,000 to get set up as an online supplier and then take a loss by individually shipping low-cost items. That is particularly true for suppliers that just have one item to sell. There is also a wealth of competition online for small mom and pop operations trying to sell general merchandise through Walmart.com. A search for a plumbing snake on Walmart.com indicated 54 items, 46 of which were offered by third-party markets such as Build.com and Affordable Tools. Consultants said small suppliers who have their hearts set on selling at Walmart.com often must be willing to ramp up production and then go as long as four or five months without payment. For the online sales there is also the cost of shipping single items like a jar of jelly or salsa, which is often cost prohibitive for mom and pop suppliers. Heavy items like a bag of pet food are also not economical to ship. While it can be expensive to ship single items, a search for salsa on Walmart.com indicated 1,261 items with Pace, Tostitos and Great Value brands popping up first. Local brands like My Brothers Salsa are sold on Walmart.com, but My Brothers Salsa also is sold in hundreds of stores. Supplier consultants say small suppliers can get through the first order using cash reserves, but it’s the second and third production run that can sink them given the 90- to 120-day payment terms from Wal-Mart. The experts said many small inventors and business owners are typically not finance people and managing cash flow is crucial for small suppliers. Navigating through item set up, shipments and then replenishments can be daunting, While there is no shortage of brokers scavenging the ranks to offer help, those services also come at a cost which can further erode supplier margins. It remains to be seen if Wal-Mart will continue to hold its Open Call for suppliers in the absence of Michelle Gloeckler, who oversaw the event for the past three years. Gloeckler will begin working at Academy Sports and Outdoors on Aug. 29. Wal-Mart’s commitment to source $250 billion in additional U.S. made products by 2023 remains on track, according to corporate spokesman Lorenzo Lopez. He said there will be another executive placed over the U.S. Manufacturing Initiative. While Wal-Mart made the verbal offer to suppliers to sell online in early June, the retailer has not said how many of the suppliers have done so in the past 75 days. Wal-Mart did have a team onsite in June to help suppliers begin the process. The retailer declined to share how many, if any, of the suppliers who presented at Open Call got an offer to sell inside physical stores. When pressed on the issue, the retailer said merely the focus of this year’s event was to say “yes” to the online sales. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 30shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New York in the 1970s show the raw life of the city in stark contrast to its modern glitz  Changing sides? Billionaire Mark Cuban spotted at NYC bar with Trump guru Steve Bannon... weeks after joining Hillary on the campaign trail and saying he would rather 'lose every penny than have Donald as president' 'Not even worthy of a toilet read': Amazon deletes more than 100 negative reviews for Megyn Kelly's new memoir after Trump supporters launch campaign to ruin the book Mike Huckabee says he 'was offered a cabinet slot - I didn't think it was a great fit for me' as he warns that making Mitt Romney secretary of state would be 'a real insult' to Trump voters Not 'your song': Elton John DENIES he'll play pre-inauguration concert for Trump after his tunes blared before campaign rallies without permission Petition with 4.5 MILLION signatures begs Electoral College voters to abandon Trump as Hillary's supporters make last-ditch effort to make her president Trump names South Carolina governor and 'proven dealmaker' Nikki Haley UN ambassador - and ANOTHER cabinet post could be revealed today The stunning image that sent the internet into a spin: Can you work out what's REALLY pictured here? Chattanooga school bus driver was involved in another collision just two months ago - and only got his license to drive the vehicle in April Eminem's ex-wife gets probation for DUI crash in which she tried to kill herself by driving into a pole BREAKING NEWS: Promising leukemia trial suspended after brain swelling killed 2 more patients - bringing death toll to 5 What does space sound like? Listen to the strange and terrifying sounds around the Earth - and help researchers describe them Your dog can remember all those silly things you've done: Canines have 'episodic' memories, just like humans Octomom says she stopped working in adult films after seeing her daughter, 10, strut around in her stripper shoes and reveals that she and her 14 children are now vegan U.S.S. Arizona is seen for the first time since being sunk nearly 75 years ago during the attack on Pearl Harbor in new film Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from nearby projects and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbors reveal after his arrest for possessing cannabis  Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Dachshund owners sue PetSmart over dog's death after his 'limp and broken body' was found with blood foaming from his mouth following a grooming appointment Phil Collins' ex-wife buys the house next door to her for $4million MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mega-mansion The Zapruder family's complicated history with the JFK assassination film: Family wanted to respect the president's memory, but they also profited immensely from his death The supersized siblings: Parents plea for help as obese brother and sisters eat themselves to death... with one girl THREE TIMES the weight of a typical four-year-old  Fashion photographer releases intimate unseen images of the world's most beautiful women - including Kate Moss, Angelina Jolie and Cindy Crawford  Cops fear copycat attacks across the U.S. after a FIFTH officer is shot in three days The Prophet of Doom: South African pastor claims he can cure cancer and HIV by spraying 'Doom' pesticide into people's faces  Previous Next Shoplifting, a meth lab and a violent offense a DAY: America's Walmart stores are crime-ridden 'because cost-cutting company relies on cops to do its security work' Walmart is under fire from cops across America who say it attracts crime One violent offense occurred a day in Walmart stores in the past year The company has cut staff and increased profits dramatically since 2006 Cops say reduced staff means more crime, and they're filling the gaps But to get staff levels back up to 2006 levels would cost $3.25billion Walmart says it only needs to retrain and relocate its existing staff It has been running a crime reduction plan since last year  By James Wilkinson For Dailymail.com Published: 13:34 EST, 17 August 2016 | Updated: 19:24 EST, 17 August 2016 e-mail 48 shares 59 View comments One violent offense has occurred every day in an American Walmart store this year because of the company's relentless cost-cutting, a report has revealed. The stores have reportedly become crime hotspots across the US since 2000, when new CEO Leo Scott started slashing budgets. 'The constant calls from Walmart are just draining,' Bill Ferguson, a police captain in Port Richey, Florida, told Bloomberg. 'They recognize the problem and refuse to do anything about it.' Big shop of horrors: Walmart's US stores have suffered one violent crime a day this year. Cops say there aren't enough staff, so criminals and troublemakers aren't deterred Trouble: In June two women (left) were filmed fighting in a Florida Walmart; in July a thief (right) drove into an Arizona employee in his mobility scooter while fleeing Problems: Port Richey police captain Bill Ferguson told Fox News that Walmart 'recognize the problem and refuse to do anything about it.' The company says it is trying to improve Scott left Walmart in 2009, but the drive to reduce costs has continued. Walmart has dropped its greeters, who acted as a theft deterrent, and replaced checkouts with customer-operated scanners.  That's meant increased profits: since 2006, sales per employee went up 23 per cent to $236,804. But the increase in profits has been matched by an increase in crime, critics say; for example, cops were called out to four Tulsa Walmarts a total of 2,000 times last year alone. The city's one Target store had 44 call-outs. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next EXCLUSIVE: Insurers battling Walmart over 'exorbitant' $90... Pet monkey in a diaper breaks free from its owner and goes... Share this article Share Police believe reduced staff numbers are to blame. It now has 524sqft of retail space for every one worker, a 19 per cent increase on 2006. 'It’s ridiculous - we are talking about the biggest retailer in the world,' said Tulsa police sergeant Robert Rohloff. 'I may have half my squad there for hours.' Cost-cutting: Walmart has been cutting costs since 2000, and now has 19 per cent more square feet of floor per staff member than in 2006. Cops say less staff means more crime And news reports of violent encounters, thefts and other problems at Walmart stores are only too common. In July a DVD thief died in a Florida Walmart while being restrained, and in June a Walmart employee in Texas took three people hostage before being shot by cops. Also from the past two months: an Arizona thief in a mobility scooter knocked over a staff member then fled, two men allegedly sold heroin in a Pennsylvania Walmart, and a meth lab was found in the sewer under a Walmart parking lot in New York. 'Dealers': Cops said in May these men sold drugs in a Pennsylvania Walmart. Walmart started an anti-crime campaign last year, but is using current staff rather than hiring many more Meth lab: Police investigate a meth lab under a New York Walmart's parking lot. Walmart would have to spend $3.25billion if it wanted to have as many staff-per-sqft as it had in 2006 But possibly most famous is a fight between two women in a Beech Grove, Indiana, Walmart that climaxed with one telling her six-year-old son to punch the other.  'Walmart Beech Grove is draining our police resources,' Dennis Buckley, mayor of Beech Grove, told Fox News shortly afterward. 'It's the string of terrible events that have been occurring down there over the past two months that have led me to instruct our police chief to declare the Walmart a public nuisance.' 'Nuisance': Dennis Buckley, mayor of Beech Grove, Florida, called Walmart a 'public nuisance' for its crime issues. Walmart says it 'understands' the need to 'do better' Police say they're being used to fill the holes left by Walmart's downsized staff. But estimates for hiring more security guards say it would cost the company half a billion dollars. And getting the employees-per-square-foot ratio back to 2006 levels would cost $3.25billion a year, around a quarter of Walmart's 2015 $14billion profit. Instead, the company says that it has all the staff it needs, and is focusing on retraining and redeploying them away from stock rooms and towards exits. It started a corporate campaign last year to reduce crime levels, and it says the campaign is working.  'We absolutely understand how important this is,' Judith McKenna, Walmart’s chief operating officer for the US, said.  'It is important for our associates, it is important for our customers and across the communities we serve. We can do better.' Read more: Walmart¿s Out-of-Control Crime Problem Is Driving Police Crazy Share or comment on this article e-mail 48 shares Most watched News videos Gruesome moment Korean chef dissects a LIVE octopus Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Teen films a burning 'meteorite' moving across sky in Japan Shocking moment man hits women in mass chicken shop fight Cyclist films moment car causes him to crash then drives away Mystery homeless woman in Rome avoids questions from reporter Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Kim Kardashian attacked in Paris by notorious prankster The moment a 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit Fukushima 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Tidal surge filmed on Sunaoshi River in Tagajo, Japan Doorman knocks-out troublemaker during two-on-one confrontation Six rebel electors have signed an agreement to try to block... REVEALED: Number of Hamilton stars haven't voted in YEARS... Grieving mother of three bus crash victims says she... Was Hillary robbed of election by HACKERS? Experts urge... EXCLUSIVE: Frankenstein-like experiments, no anesthesia and... Politico editor resigns after calling for 'baseball bat'... Just in the nick of time! Obama gives out his last Medals of... In from the cold: Donald feels the warmth down in Mar-a-Lago... Cops fear copycat attacks across the U.S. after a FIFTH... Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New... 'F*** him!' Emotional TV anchors and execs hit 'bluffing... Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Fashion photographer releases intimate unseen images of the world's most beautiful women - including Angelina Jolie and Cindy Crawford  Turning up the heat! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72,  during vacation in Mexico  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring because  she doesn't like her engagement diamond 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Addressed the breakup  Sizzling Former Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa parades around in teeny bikini while soaking up the sun in Florida  Flawless body Become a deal diva: Savvy shoppers reveal how you can save HUNDREDS this holiday season  Sponsored She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new Instagram video PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Natalie Portman shows off her burgeoning baby bump in stripy jumper amid Oscar buzz for her film Jackie  Flaunting her chic maternity style  From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored 'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital...as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' These boots are made for walking! Pippa Middleton is chic in grey as she steps out in West London - and she's wearing her favorite flats again Eminem's ex-wife Kim Mathers, 42, gets probation for DUI crash in which she tried to kill herself by driving into a pole near her home in Michigan  Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis There could be trouble Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around in the projects and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbors reveal after his arrest for possessing cannabis  Emmy Rossum reveals she was NAKED when Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail surprised her with a proposal of marriage Was a shock  Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown during the show's finale 'Little miss dynamite': Laurie Hernandez wins season 23 of DWTS with partner Valentin Chmerkovskiy Olympic gymnast raised the mirrorball trophy Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband at a West Hollywood hot spot  What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of  Deal or No Deal  Another day, another island! As his Caribbean tour continues Harry arrives in St Kitts to meet local schoolchildren (but struggles with names) Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  Filed a lawsuit against an attorney  A fashion faux paw! Hilary Duff wears unusual outfit that includes a top covered in cat faces and bell-bottom jeans Eccentric ensemble  Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Was stopped outside a convenience store  Octomom says she stopped working in porn after seeing her daughter strut around in her stripper shoes and reveals she and her 14 kids are now vegan Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron, 41, flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Slender limbs She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs She's had many looks   Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' to promote his new festive range of socks Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Her own way of coping Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam A very public proposal  Isla Fisher lets slip during a live interview that Vince Vaughn is working on a Wedding Crashers sequel Hinted that the follow-up is on the horizon   Cristiano puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for? Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicola Peltz Out and about 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase  Embraces the label  'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up in new commercial for Dyson   Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst, and 'the minor is thinking about suing him' 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet photographers for exposing Chrissy Teigen's wardrobe malfunction Peek-a-boob! Actress Sophie Monk suffers a nip-slip in daring sheer bejewelled silver frock on ARIA Awards red carpet Sheerly a mistake? Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'I wish Blake Lively was my best friend': Selena Gomez admits she has a girl crush on the blonde actress in new interview Candid comments  He's certainly got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with  brunette who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger  Not 'your song': Elton John DENIES he'll play pre-inauguration concert for Trump after his tunes blared before campaign rallies without permission 'They told me my hips were too wide': Teenage model exposes the dark side of the fashion industry with brutally honest Instagram posts Spoke to her followers Judge cutie! Julianne Hough stuns in glamorous gown as she attends Dancing With The Stars season finale She certainly looked ready to rumba  Their breast display! The Veronicas reveal their ample busts as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to sparkle... The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident and 'will not pursue further' There's more good news for the actor The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television Your wallet will thank you! FEMAIL rounds up the best Black Friday deals and doorbuster sales to kick off your Thanksgiving holiday weekend  Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons She's one of the biggest rock stars on the planet Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'My days as a lingerie model'! Birthday girl Kelly Brook shows off her jaw-dropping figure in a throwback snap from 20 years ago as she turns 37 How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He won't have any problem paying Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at The Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good Sci-fi princess! Felicity Jones stuns in gossamer gown dotted with ancient symbols at Rogue One fan event in Mexico City Coffee-colored frock Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris Jenner rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Very affectionate Daring duo! The Veronicas sport matching sheer frocks at 2016 ARIA Awards... after giving a busty display performing In My Blood TOPLESS Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder are attached at the hip as they enjoy some holiday shopping in Beverly Hills Appeared very much in love Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing marijuana after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbors complained about him smoking drugs'  Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills Splashed some cash 'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital That's award-winning! Medal of Freedom recipients De Niro, Hanks and Diana Ross all strike a pose for the Mannequin Challenge at the White House   Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon says Planned Parenthood commits 'genocide' against black Americans Discussing life post-election Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Little left for imagination The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother who dissolved in tears as her son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Kardashian clan rush to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize screaming rapper' That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalized 'She's coming home!' Adele announces two huge gigs in London in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour after announcing plans to have another baby  American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' He apologized She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Stroll in NYC Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills The father and son duo went for a posh lunch What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Volunteering 'Thanks, America': Miley Cyrus loses teenager Darby Walker as two of her singers face elimination on The Voice Suffered two blows 'I've never tried cutting a bra before!' Prince Charles cracks a joke  at breast cancer charity event - before sharing a laugh with comedian Jennifer Saunders 'There wasn't a wardrobe malfunction': Young designer behind THAT Chrissy Teigen dress says the star wore it 'perfectly' Daring thigh high split Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) She comes from a family of talented musicians 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Always fashionable Intense new trailer for Martin Scorsese's Silence sees Andrew Garfield risk his life to rescue persecuted mentor Liam Neeson Quite the new look Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Longing for hot weather Off on a new adventure! Carefree Elsa Pataky shows off her natural beauty as she goes makeup free during a helicopter ride over the sea Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Looks every bit a model EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler announces she is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump Hot to trot! Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau Unusual attire 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex Newborn baby girl 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's upcoming sequel Cars 3 Red number 95 car voiced by Owen Wilson Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into London Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause Such a joker! 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Where are North and Saint? Kim and Kanye's kids 'are under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency Being taken care of Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who came to hospitalize the screaming rapper in cuffs' during episode  Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumors he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry Reports of a split The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Epitome of relaxation 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Adriana Lima insists she doesn't diet for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show because she's 'always ready' for the catwalk, as she reveals her top routines 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during interview Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer The struggle! Morning show star Rachael Ray, 48, 'has gained weight, is having night sweats and migraines during rough time with menopause' Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony As Chrissy Teigen and Rachel Hilbert hit the town in sky-high slits, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options to shop and reveals how to avoid wardrobe malfunctions Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' Celebrating the arrival of her little boy! Jenna Bush Hager and Savannah Guthrie flank Today's Dylan Dreyer during her baby shower Sweet celebration Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' Is she living with mom? Tommy Hilfiger insists 'any designer should be proud' to dress Melania Trump, after designer who dressed Michelle Obama claimed she would NEVER work with the future First Lady  So good she bought it twice! The Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in $1223 black cocktail dress she bought in red for Canada tour at charity ceremony Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Two contrasting worlds. Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash 'Baby and mom are doing great!': Bachelor stars Chris and Peyton Lambton welcome their first child together Chris shared the happy news on Instagram 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close-friend Kanye West hours after the rapper was taken for treatment  Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye is taken into a Los Angeles hospital  'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York PIERS MORGAN: Once a fame-addict like Kanye started mainlining with the Kardashians it was only a matter of time before he overdosed 'I wasn't surprised' 'I love when my kids need me': Kris Jenner talks about momager duty... as it's claimed daughter Kim Kardashian has moved back in with her Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere No pain, no gain: Reality star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Painful procedure  Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle in Los Angeles  Tommy Hilfiger, 65, and wife Dee Ocleppo, 46, dress to impress for the Angel Ball where Kris Jenner welled up in tears Hollywood's preppy pair A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of Ocean's Eight Wanted to be behind the action for a change  Ivanka Trump bundles up daughter Arabella and son Joseph as she takes them to school - but opts to brave the cold weather in just a chic skirt and blouse Ellen DeGeneres' entry to White House for Presidential Medal Of Freedom ceremony is delayed because she forgot to bring her ID Had to wait on a bench Boomer hits the red carpet! Michael Phelps's son joins his celebrity dad and mom Nicole at Golden Goggle Awards where the swimmer carried off the top prize  Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as kids beg them to be nice to during the holidays' 'I help make nice salads but I have no idea how to make a turkey!': Gisele Bundchen says she will ask for help when cooking Thanksgiving meal PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from her Game Of Thrones character as she joins A-list co-star Mel Gibson for filming in Dublin  'I'm very proud that I am all natural': Paris Hilton gets sexy for cover of Galore magazine as she insists she's never had plastic surgery 'It wasn't on my radar at all': Ben Stiller describes his shock at discovering 'aggressive' prostate cancer - and dealing with side effects after treatment 'We remain strong during this difficult time': RHONY star Jill Zarin reveals husband Bobby's cancer has returned Disease has spread  Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie The Birth Of A Nation because it's her 'reality'  Attacked 24 years ago Kim Kardashian 'likes' friend's Instagram post about being 'alive for a reason' and 'not giving up'... as husband Kanye is hospitalized after a 'psychotic breakdown' What emergency? Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian bring the glam to Angel Ball in two very racy dresses... as it emerges Kanye West has been hospitalised 'Mental illness isn't anything to mess with': Kanye West fans react to his shocking hospitalization as #PrayForKanye trends on Twitter 'It was one of the happiest time of my life!': Lauren Graham talks about the 'magical' Netflix revival, Gilmore Girls: A Year In the Life experience Tim Allen bashes 'hypocritical' Hollywood stars who criticized Donald Trump for being a bully - before doing the same thing to his supporters HBO releases 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls The whole cast will be back for the swan song,  'I apologize to anyone that I offended': Gigi Hadid speaks out about controversial Melania Trump impersonation during AMA hosting gig Used a fake accent That's one way to avoid being worst dressed! Bella Thorne and sister Dani strip down to their underwear after disastrous AMA outfits Bethenny Frankel's boyfriend Dennis Shields 'threatens her ex husband Jason Hoppy with harassment lawsuit after he sent couple 49 hostile emails' 'Hopefully you'll put them on and take them off shortly thereafter!' 50 Cent launches new men's underwear line  - including boxer-briefs for $150 Carrie Bradshaw would be impressed! Sarah Jessica Parker steps out in a fashion savvy outfit as she strolls around the West Village  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat The (fashion) force is with her! Felicity Jones, 33,cuts a ladylike figure as she attends Rogue One: A Star Wars Story photo call in Mexico Turned heads Can these lipsticks last through YOUR Thanksgiving? FEMAIL puts new 'long-wearing' formulas starting at just $6 to the test with impressive results 'He's on a mission to win her back': Scott Disick has 'cleaned up his act' in hopes to reunite with Kourtney 'for good' amid rumors duo are living together  After a job on SNL? Gigi Hadid showcases her karaoke prowess with a rendition of Popular from Wicked... after Melania Trump impersonation Charlize Theron shows fuller figure in loose maxi dress after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully She skipped the cosmetics 'I am truly honored to host the most prestigious award show in music': James Corden announced as presenter of the 2017 Grammys The Late Late Show star Taking the plunge! Kristin Chenoweth puts her cleavage on display in a green jumpsuit on The Tonight Show ahead of appearance in Hairspray Live Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during Caribbean tour  He is island-hopping in the Caribbean  Inside the wedding that changed the British monarchy forever: Rarely seen intimate photographs of Edward VIII's marriage to Wallis Simpson go on sale  Feeling nippy? Alessandra Ambrosio goes TOPLESS to promote swimwear line in sexy Instagram promo Jaw-dropping snap It's Keira Sprightly: Make-up free actress smiles on the arm of husband James Righton for stroll in London... after her stalker appears in court Chrissy Teigen apologizes for showing her 'hooha' on AMAs red carpet as she thanks laser hair removal specialist following wardrobe malfunction How to do the splits (and how NOT)! After Chrissy Teigan apologizes for flashing her 'hooha', here's our guide to wearing a dress with a slit  Kate Hudson looks downcast as she dines out in plunging sweater and thigh-high boots... after helping mother Goldie Hawn celebrate her 71st birthday Like A Virgin! James Corden seduces Anna Kendrick in hilarious bedroom skit before she recreates Lion King moment and 'gives birth' Their own take on film  Want to indulge in a Thanksgiving Day feast AND stay trim? FEMAIL details every exercise you need to do to burn off an average 5,000-calorie Turkey Day meal  'I went from 25 to 1.4 million followers - pretty cool!' Millie Bobby Brown, 12, dishes on her sudden rise to fame in Netflix's Stranger Things She plays Jane 'Eleven'  Emma Stone looks pretty as a picture in an elegant printed dress as she attends screening of romantic musical La La Land with Bradley Cooper  Dominic Cooper goes casual with girlfriend Ruth Negga as they sport his and hers padded jackets for low-key London stroll Winter attire  'I'm a 26-year-old woman!' Zoella defends her racy new image as she lounges on a bed in her underwear for photo shoot for Blogosphere magazine  Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown as she leads stars at the Animal Ball 2016 in London 'Everything is ruined because of Kanye': Kris Jenner stuns in sheer gown at Angel Ball... but 'spends most of night dealing with West's situation' Kris Jenner wells up with tears during tribute to late ex-husband Robert Kardashian at Angel Ball in NYC Broke down over late ex-husband 'It rivals that first year': Mother-of-eight Kate Gosselin, 41,  says having a house full of teenagers is as challenging as when the sextuplets were babies Kate Moss, 42,  flashes a coy smile as she steps out in London wearing a leopard print fur coat and skinny jeans for casual shopping spree Retail therapy  Ready for Christmas! Coco Austin has her daughter Chanel poses in a diamond necklace and red Santa dress for glamor shoot Looking ahead  Moonlight and American Honey lead the Independent Spirit Awards nominations... with Jackie and its star Natalie Portman also getting nods Pregnant! Bad Girls Club star Natalie Nunn is expecting her first child with husband Jacob Payne... one year after heartbreaking miscarriage A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list Both their films bombed 'Did Jennifer Aniston just mention "sex toys" in front of disabled children?': Actress stuns viewers as she suffers early evening gaffe on live British TV Having a ball! Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson cuddles up to girlfriend Claudia Traisac on a date night full of laughter at the LA Clippers game Forget about it! Niall Horan enjoys low-key evening out in LA with a mystery blonde... after THAT handshake with former 1D bandmate Zayn Malik Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her figure in a tiny two-piece on the beach in Dubai ahead of British reality TV debut  'I'm not dumb. I'm not a drug addict': Chloe Lattanzi hits out at haters in online rant... days after she moved away from mum Olivia Newton-John Peace y'all! Reese Witherspoon models a fun top as it's announced she's launched a media company to deliver female-driven content Victoria Beckham shares video of son Cruz singing Bieber ballad in the studio... as Justin praises his 'buddy' for 'great job' covering his track 'It looked like they're dating': Mariah Carey spotted 'hand in hand' with Bryan Tanaka... after 'spoon feeding' dancer in Los Angeles restaurant Awkward night for Harry as Antigua PM invites him and Meghan Markle for honeymoon, then hostess tries to drag red-faced Royal out for a dance Princess-in-waiting? Family of Meghan Markle share family album pictures of Prince Harry's girlfriend as a 14-year-old girl Never-before-seen pics Fourth time's a charm! Sarah Ferguson recycles her favourite orange gown as she joins daughter Princess Beatrice at star-studded charity ball in New York  Polished in plum! Queen Letizia of Spain wears purple accents as she joins husband King Felipe VI for a religious ceremony in Madrid 'I'm going to have another baby!' Adele reveals plans to expand her family with Simon Konecki as she closes her US tour with sold-out show in Phoenix 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot Stack it like Beckham! Brooklyn takes a terrific tumble as he shows off his skateboarding skills in central London  Didn't show much prowess on four wheels 'Didn't Madonna do this 20 years ago?' Swedish singer Tove Lo reveals she was 'shocked' when her sexually-charged short film was briefly banned by YouTube 'Big brother time right around the corner': Teresa Palmer shares sweet snap of her kissing her son Bodhi as she is due to give birth in a matter of weeks Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Taking a walk on the wild side! Queen Maxima looks lovely in leopard-print as she attends a royal engagement in the Netherlands  Is that a Christmas jumper, Queen Mathilde? Belgian royal looks festive as she reads to schoolchildren to celebrate the country's book week 'He wasn't young when I watched it': Peter Capaldi defends his more mature incarnation of Doctor Who  Some were critical  Leggy look! Toni Garrn shimmers in backless mini dress with cape sleeves at 2016 Angel Ball in NYC She wore her blonde hair in a ponytail Lily Donaldson shows off her endless legs in stunning scarlet gown with a thigh-high split as she struts down the red carpet at the Angel Ball in NYC Christina Milian oozes old Hollywood glamor in plunging gown with white fur shawl at star-studded NYC benefit Put on a busty display What a work-out! Former Miss International Sweden  Katarina Konow , 24, does SQUATS while lifting a man who weighs 13-stone Christmas come early? Lily-Rose Depp shops at Yves Saint-Laurent on Rodeo Drive with 'boyfriend' Ash Stymest Spotted sauntering down Rodeo Drive The perfect match! Ryan Lochte and former Playboy model fiancée Kayla Rae Reid sport matching sweaters as they step out for dinner Anna Faris 'fined $5000' after her rescue Chihuahua was found homeless and in bad shape She adopted the dog four years ago Elegant Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her svelte physique in a skintight navy dress as she attends Underworld photocall in Berlin Wowed in blue  George Harrison's only child Dhani to divorce former model  Solveig 'Sola' Karadottir after four years of marriage Filed for divorce in Los Angeles We can't stand losing it, but we're downsizing say couple who have put Sting's teenage home in North East England on the market for $323,000  Parents bought it in 1966 Commanding attention! Lily Collins works the red carpet in sexy thigh-high split shimmering gown for Rules Don't Apply premiere in LA 'Mummy, you did it!': Adele shares sweet snap of her welcome home from son Angelo... as she prepares to take '10 year break from touring'     DON'T MISS Make-up free Lea Michele goes casual in maroon sweatshirt and skintight leggings as she heads for workout  The workout continued on Monday 'Sociopathic skank': Katie Maloney leads charge against Lala Kent as feud escalates on Vanderpump Rules Looks set to end in a bar brawl One hot mumma! Australian personal trainer Michelle Bridges flaunts washboard abs and puts on a busty display in a pineapple bikini  'I was charged twice': Furious Adele fans demand answers after Ticketek took payments WITHOUT giving them seats - then offered refunds but not tickets Dapper Damian Lewis can't contain his excitement as he presents at the 44th International Emmy Awards in NYC Playful side He's the turban-ator! Father-to-be Nick Cannon kills it in flamboyant headscarf as he attends interview in New York  New addition 'It was our time': Jana Kramer remains stoic as country singer is eliminated during finals of Dancing With The Stars 'I've learned so much' Make-up free Jennifer Garner works up a sweat in semi-sheer tank top as she hits the gym in LA Incredibly toned physique 'Kardashian fur scum!' Kourtney and Khloe and momager Kris Jenner targeted by protesters at Angel Ball in Manhattan Anti-fur lobby Where are you going to rinse and gargle? Naomi Watts brushes her teeth on the SIDEWALK as she takes a stroll with her bodyguard in between filming 'Don't ever come for me again': Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni blasts Rob Kardashian for calling her a 'loose cannon' in obscenity-laced rant She's her own best advert! Beyonce models her new Ivy Park athletic wear in racy shoot for her website There's no one better for the job Alessandra Ambrosio displays her toned tummy in rolled up sports tank and tight leggings as she runs errand in LA Catwalk queen Troubled star Dennis Rodman is charged with hit-and-run after wrong-way crash on the freeway four months  Accused of driving without a valid license Coming in hot! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik sizzles in plunging neckline gown at the 2016 Angel Ball Featured a black and white floral pattern She's arresting! Jennifer Lopez wears all-black outfit while filming TV cop show Shades Of Blue in New York City 47-year-old actress Michael Jackson's son Prince, 19, promotes his charity Heal LA in Los Angeles The philanthropist was snapped in Universal City Messy hair don't care! Suki Waterhouse keeps it casual as she goes make-up free to run errands in socks and sandals Casual look 'It saved me as a kid': Emma Stone says acting helped her overcome anxiety as she joins The Hollywood Reporter's Actress Roundtable It changed everything Tommy's girl! Sofia Richie flashes her bare midriff in Hilfiger jacket before announcing she's joined Twitter She left her tummy exposed The Game ordered to pay $7 million to sexual assault accuser after attempt to delay trial due to 'sore tooth' fails Woman accused him of sexual assault Wear wool? As if! Alicia Silverstone strips down to pose nude in very racy PETA ad - choosing to proudly bare her backside rather than don sheep fur Leggy Jennifer Aniston rocks thigh-skimming mini while leaving The One Show in London... as ex-husband Brad Pitt attends Allied premiere just ONE MILE away Simply sensational! Christina Ricci wows in black mesh mini dress with cape at International Emmy Awards in NYC Simply sensational So good, she wore it twice! Demi Lovato reuses chic pantsuit for a stroll in West Hollywood...just days after wearing same outfit at LAX She's dino-mite! Chloe Moretz poses for Jurassic photo shoot as she graces Harper's Bazaar She dressed in a $1,900 leather red jacket Deborra-Lee Furness dresses in her signature outfit of sheer tights and platform heels as she attends the 2016 Angel Ball with husband Hugh Jackman Real Housewives Of Orange County star Lauri Peterson's son Josh Waring charged with boozing behind bars Another felony Bumping along nicely! Australian beauty Phoebe Burgess shows off her burgeoning baby bump in relaxed bikini snap with the family dog poolside Bachelorette's Jillian Harris slips back into a bikini just three months after traumatic birth of little Leo Didn't waste any time in getting her shape back! Move over J.Lo! Khloe Kardashian copies Jennifer Lopez's style as she heads to Angel Ball gala She pulled out all the stops Kate Gosselin smiles as she reveals she refuses to tell Jon which 'special needs' facility she sent Collin to, after Jon claims he has not seen son in TWO years 'He is a visionary': Jennifer Lawrence gushes about boyfriend Darren Aronofsky as she stuns in Vanity Fair's holiday issue Full of praise Amber Heard sued for $10 million as she is sucked into the legal dispute surrounding director Mathew Cullen's London Fields Leading lady 'I just felt really hooked': Zoe Saldana gushes over working with Ben Affleck in Live By Night as she covers Los Angeles Confidential Stunning photoshoot Mariah Carey demands to wear a tiara as she tries on wedding dresses in her new reality TV show trailer...after her split from James Packer 'Proud of u boo': Rob Kardashian gushes about fiancee Blac Chyna's new gig as ambassador for MAC Cosmetics' fragrance collection Lady Gaga is moved to tears as fans serenade her with her new single Million Reasons after AMAs Fans gathered around the pop star's car Fans furious as hip hop group De La Soul's Sydney show is shut down after just TWO SONGS because they hit the stage just before a midnight curfew No butts about it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her VERY shapely derrière in tight leggings and a gym bra... after claiming she's only had a boob job Fueled speculation Nicole Kidman reflects on going through her divorce with Tom Cruise and being 'catapulted into huge fame' with the releases of Moulin Rouge at the same time Nicole Kidman recalls the first time she met Tom Cruise on 1990's Days of Thunder... and gushes over the 'beautiful marriage' that came after Monday blues! Gwen Stefani appears downcast as she's spotted running errands alone in Los Angeles Usually upbeat fashion designer EXCLUSIVE: 'Fed up' Kim is 'bickering constantly' with 'narcissistic' Kanye West and is 'taking time out' on the rapper who is 'jealous of Beyoncé' She's a knockout! Bella Hadid flashes a smile during playful boxing session ahead of Victoria Secret Fashion show Trim physique 'We're so thankful': Jon Voight buys Thanksgiving turkeys for Kentucky home for at-risk youth Made Thanksgiving a little brighter Prince Harry hugs a child while attending a charity event in Antigua... but people were told not to mention his new relationship with Meghan Markle Tomatoes, mandarins... and mayonnaise! Fergie reveals the secret combination of foods behind her three-stone weight loss  Managed to keep it off Tickets to Adele's Australian tour are 'being refunded' to fans who thought they had a seat Fans claim there is no explanation Hollywood royalty! Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan take their little princess Everly out for a fun family day Took some time out from their busy schedules Salma Hayek shows off svelte figure in busty blue frock as she cuddles up to Stella McCartney at charity bash Chic as always That's amore! Patrick Dempsey enjoys romantic date night with wife Jillian in Rome weeks after legally calling off their divorce Seemed closer than ever Oh baby! Heavily pregnant Mila Kunis enjoys low-key outing with husband Ashton Kutcher  Her due date is fast approaching 'Son Of God': Justin Bieber unveils huge new tattoo on his abs to a stadium of screaming fans He is no stranger to tattoos Zayn Malik and ex-bandmate Niall Horan share an ice-cold handshake at AMAs reunion... moments before soloist's One Direction stage jibe 'Now we're on JetBlue': Gwyneth Paltrow laments losing access to luxury travel and movie star privileges now she runs Goop On a budget Kyle Jenner is called a copycat AGAIN over new ads that bare a striking resemblance to another make-up artist's work She's been accused of stealing from her before Naughty at 19! Kylie Jenner is glammed up as he lays on Tyga's bare chest while he's still in bed Posted a photo with her rapper beau 'If Vin did five hours, I did five hours': Ruby Rose discusses her extreme training regime and diet for sniper role in xXx: The Return Of Xander Cage Split! Glee vet Naya Rivera confirms she is divorcing her husband Ryan Dorsey after two years of marriage and one child Filed for divorce 'They were very touchy-feely!': Kendall Jenner and LA Lakers basketball player Jordan Clarkson get close at Drake's AMA after party Spotted together again She's pregnant! Sister Wives star Maddie Brown and husband Caleb Brush reveal they're expecting their first child in May 'Excited and anxious' Little People, Big World star Zach and Tori Roloff are expecting their first child together Tori, 22, took to Instagram to announce the happy news After Taraji P. Henson and Ariana Grande boldly bared their bras at the AMAs, FEMAIL finds the lingerie options that are too pretty to keep under wraps  Alec Baldwin looks weary on day out with Hilaria and son Rafael after Twitter feud with President-elect Donald Trump Is stress taking toll? 'You can't save somebody, they've got to save themselves': Nicole Kidman recalls struggle to help husband Keith Urban overcome drug addiction 'You didn't have to undress': Curvy model Iskra Lawrence strips off on a New York train to protest against body shaming - but not everyone's impressed  EXCLUSIVE: Fox News golden boy Tucker Carlson almost had his career derailed after a woman falsely accused him of raping her in a packed pizza restaurant  Larsa Pippen, 42, gets close to rapper Future, 33, at his Beverly Hills birthday party... weeks after announcing divorce from Scottie, 51 Kim Kardashian's friend Baby love! Olivia Wilde shares intimate snap of new daughter Daisy cradled against her chest during a busy work day Showed a glimpse Jerome Flynn and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau shoot Game Of Thrones at Trujillo Castle in Spain... after 'producers were warned of drones spying on Belfast set' Glamorous Lizzy Caplan makes political statement as she writes 'Love Trumps Hate' on her palm at Allied premiere in London Her hand stole the show Now they are inseparable! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick enjoy family outing together after rekindling relationship  Kourting again! 'Mia will share Christmas with her cousins': Zara Tindall gives an insight into how Britain's royal family will spend festive season  Queen's granddaughter 'What the f*** is he on?' Snoop Dogg calls Kanye West 'crazy' after the rapper's latest onstage rant Took to social media to criticize him 'He is a visionary': Jennifer Lawrence gushes about boyfriend Darren Aronofsky as she stuns in red for Vanity Fair's holiday issue Ivanka Trump takes her children to feed the homeless at an early Thanksgiving dinner before bundling up to head to Trump Tower Family were volunteering Allied in every sense of the word: Co-stars Brad Pitt and pregnant Marion Cotillard share victory high five at London premiere WWII drama Allied She's one of the cool girls! Bella Hadid legs it around town in fancy pantyhose and fur jacket Only kept her top half wrapped up against the chill Are YOU blighted by agonizing back pain? The lead singer of Imagine Dragons discovered he had arthritis in his spine after suffering for years Still smitten! Nicki Minaj holds hands with beau Meek Mill at dinner after her raunchy performance at the AMAs Dining out on success! Outdoor girl! Cindy Crawford, 50, looks youthful as she models a friend's clothing line while in a pretty Malibu setting Looked right at home Dave Chappelle to unleash three Netflix comedy specials in 2017 just weeks after streaming service paid Chris Rock $40million for two shows A mini Faith Hill! Tim McGraw, 49, takes pretty daughter Maggie Elizabeth, 18, to chat up Lady Gaga at the AMAs Looks just like mama with her blonde locks 'Everybody HAS to have something with lace!' Queen of Latin pop Thalia Sodi on the stylish staples every woman needs, as she unveils her holiday clothing line Nicki Minaj puts on an X-rated display with a VERY raunchy routine during 2016 American Music Awards Certainly a performance to remember Busty Kelly Brook flaunts her famous hourglass curves in a tiny animal print bikini during 37th birthday break in Indonesia with beau Jeremy Parisi Pregnant Marion Cotillard skims her baby bump in glam black mini as she flashes her endless legs at Allied premiere in London Looked incredible Reality star Lauren Stoner flaunts her toned bikini body to the max in a tiny two piece on the beach in Miami Spin Crowd star raised temperatures  Kim Kardashian is spotted flying out of LA on private jet for first public appearance after Paris robbery...following husband Kanye West's epic on-stage rant Leather and lace! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her toned figure in skintight trousers and crop top for AMAs after-party Looked stunning 'You did so good!' Selena Gomez shares warm hug with rumoured ex-beau Niall Horan at AMAs... as he 'praises her brave acceptance speech' Ready to go! Adriana Lima shows off her very muscular stomach in sports bra as she takes in boxing session ahead of Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 'I'm surprised at the reaction': Carrie Fisher is interviewed for first time since revealing Harrison Ford affair as she stops by Today show Joaquin Phoenix is bloody and bruised in his role as Jesus Christ as he and Rooney Mara film violent crucifixion scene for biblical biopic Mary Magdalene Devoted mother! Stylist Rachel Zoe, 45, runs between farmers market and soccer game to keep her little ones Kaius and Skyler busy 'They had a few angry words': Hollywood heavyweights Cate Blanchett and Anne Hathaway are 'feuding on the set of Ocean's Eight' Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, flaunts her incredibly taut abs in skimpy white bikini while holidaying in Palm Springs The British aristocrat slipped into a two-piece 'Plastic surgery makes people look weird, but I understand the temptation': Downton Abbey star Phyllis Logan takes the Daily Mail's health quiz  Ben Stiller joins Beastie Boys at NYC anti-hate rally after park dedicated to band's late singer Adam Yauch is daubed with swastikas and 'Go Trump'  EXCLUSIVE: He's not letting it go! Alec Baldwin blasts Manhattan gallery owner for 'smear campaign' calling him a tax cheat after he sued her 'They are very lucky': Grandma Kris Jenner raves about Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna's new baby Dream She's over the moon! 'Whales are majestic as f***!' Plus-size model Tess Holliday bites back at online troll who edited her body to look like an ORCA as she proudly reposts the snap Lingerie-clad Kylie Jenner gets advice from sister Kim Kardashian as KUWTK goes behind the scenes at her raunchy Complex cover shoot Glenn Close wraps up in a cosy padded jacket as she joins Christian Slater to films scenes for new drama The Wife in Scotland Gripping new drama Steal her supermodel style! Copy Gigi Hadid's '70s-inspired beauty look from the AMAs with step-by-step tutorials from her hairstylist and make-up artist Peep show! Chrissy Teigen suffers a wardrobe malfunction after wearing no underwear and a dress held together by just a few pins at AMAs Gigi Hadid savaged on social media after rapping and impersonating Melania Trump in her debut hosting gig at American Music Awards  Gigi Hadid brings her supermodel style to AMAs with FIVE glamorous looks during the ceremony She's used to making a quick change Chest too much! Olivia Munn breaks the cleavage or legs rule as she flaunts both on the red carpet at the AMAs Putting her assets on show  Harry does the dab AGAIN! Royal shows off favourite dance move on Antigua - but is warned to expect protests as #Notmyprince trends on Twitter EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm open to having more children': Donna Air admits she'd be happy to expand her family after reuniting with James Middleton Kate and Pippa's brother Hair-raising! Bella Thorne reveals bizarre green and red ombre dye job as she leads the worst dressed at the American Music Awards A few horrors  'I was absolutely broken inside': Selena Gomez gives tearful AMAs acceptance speech as she makes brave comeback after rehab stint Jack Ramsay looks the spitting image of his celebrity chef dad Gordon as they attend a children's awards ceremony in London Like father, like son... 'Holy mackerel, wow, man. Love you!' Gordon Ramsay is almost lost for words after taking delivery of a $1.25M Ferrari LaFerrari Aperta hypercar Kanye West cancels gig in LA and refunds fans for a half hour show he abruptly left after calling out Beyoncé, Jay Z and Hillary Clinton in rant Princess in her PJs! Mary appears in her DRESSING GOWN after being woken in traditional style to mark wedding anniversary to Prince Frederik Ouch! Travis Barker wears medical boot for fractured foot as he takes his three children to the American Music Awards Hobbled on red carpet The sincerest form of flattery! KeKe Palmer channels Rihanna's sexy chainmail look from 2014 at American Music Awards She's a hot mesh Ariana Grande gets on all fours and grinds with Nicki Minaj during racy American Music Awards routine ...before accepting Artist Of The Year Kandi Burruss breaks down as 'poster boy deadbeat' ex attempts contact with teenage daughter on RHOA Unexpectedly returned to the show  Wonder how she stays so youthful! Danica McKellar, 41, looks incredible in playful romper at AMAs 25 years on from her Winnie Cooper days 'This just has my name on it, right?': Zayn Malik makes One Direction crack as he wins AMA New Artist award... and kisses lover Gigi after speech snub Just like his Mama! Cruz Beckham, 11, makes pop career debut as he covers Justin Bieber song with help from Cody Simpson Budding singer Three's a crowd? Rocco Ritchie steps out with rumored girlfriend Kim Turnbull... but Brooklyn Beckham looks glum as he joins them Justin Bieber blasts penalty over the crossbar then scores another as he takes part in Barcelona soccer training session with team superstars Raven-haired Uma Thurman enjoys a day of fun in the park with sweet daughter Luna as she takes a break from filming new movie in Barcelona 'I can't take this s***': Kim Kardashian rants about brother Rob after he skips family's baby shower on KUWTK finale She was furious Fifty Shades of Grey director Sam Taylor-Johnson sells her London mansion... after slashing $5MILLION from the original asking price 'It's tricky times right now': Actor Chris Evans speaks about supporting his gay brother in light of the American election Marvel superhero actor Disturbing rise of the child women: We've seen it on Alexa and Amal - the waif-like 'young girl' look only a VIP can achieve. But what is price to health?  'It was what I needed!' Ashton Kutcher reveals he lived in Airbnbs for a year after splitting from Demi Moore The 38-year-old That '70s Show star  Frill seeker Gigi Hadid is a vision in white as she joins best dressed Selena Gomez and Lady Gaga at 2016 American Music Awards On the red carpet 'Pregnant' Cheryl covers her tummy in a loose sweater as she gushes about life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne in striking magazine shoot Mel C admits she's 'relieved' she and Victoria Beckham are not joining the Spice Girls reunion... after revealing she was 'bullied' in the band Today's headlines Most Read Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New York in the 1970s show the raw life of the city in... Changing sides? Mark Cuban spotted at NYC bar with Trump guru Steve Bannon... weeks after joining Hillary on... 'Not even worthy of a toilet read': Amazon deletes more than 100 negative reviews for Megyn Kelly's new... Mike Huckabee says he 'was offered a cabinet slot – I didn't think it was a great fit for me' as he warns... Not 'your song': Elton John DENIES he'll play pre-inauguration concert for Trump after his tunes blared... Petition with 4.5 MILLION signatures begs Electoral College voters to abandon Trump as Hillary's supporters... Trump names South Carolina governor and 'proven dealmaker' Nikki Haley UN ambassador – and ANOTHER cabinet... The stunning image that sent the internet into a spin: Can you work out what's REALLY pictured here? Chattanooga school bus driver was involved in another collision just two months ago - and only got his... Eminem's ex-wife gets probation for DUI crash in which she tried to kill herself by driving into a pole Promising leukemia trial suspended after brain swelling killed 2 more patients - bringing death toll to 5 What does space sound like? Listen to the strange and terrifying magnetosonic waves around the Earth - and... Your dog can remember all those silly things you've done: Canines have 'episodic' memories, just like humans Octomom says she stopped working in adult films after seeing her daughter, 10, strut around in her stripper... U.S.S. Arizona is seen for the first time since being sunk nearly 75 years ago during the attack on Pearl... Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in... Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is... Dachshund owners sue PetSmart over dog's death after his 'limp and broken body' was found with blood foaming... Phil Collins' ex-wife buys the house next door to her for $4million MORE than asking price because she was... The Zapruder family’s complicated history with the JFK assassination film: Family wanted to respect the... The supersized siblings: Parents plea for help as obese brother and sisters eat themselves to death... with... Fashion photographer releases intimate unseen images of the world's most beautiful women - including Kate... Cops fear copycat attacks across the U.S. after a FIFTH officer is shot in three days The Prophet of Doom: South African pastor claims he can cure cancer and HIV by spraying 'Doom' pesticide... 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and... 'I don’t understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem... Man 'raped his pregnant girlfriend while she was in labour after telling her he felt 'horny' despite her... 'You punched a baby in the face. How do you sleep at night?': Family scream as shopper, 64, who smacked a... Possibly THE cutest Christmas commercial you will ever see: WWF advert tugs on the heart strings when an... MORE HEADLINES Six rebel electors have signed an agreement to try to block Donald Trump from securing the 270 Electoral College votes needed to become president REVEALED: Number of Hamilton stars haven't voted in YEARS despite clash with vice president-elect Mike Pence over his political persuasions  Grieving mother of three bus crash victims says she REPEATEDLY warned school that the arrested driver would 'drink on the bus, cuss at them and speed' Was Hillary robbed of election by HACKERS? Experts urge Clinton to demand recount after gathering evidence that 'shows voting anomalies in key states of Michigan, Pennsylvania AND Wisconsin'  EXCLUSIVE: Frankenstein-like experiments, no anesthesia and 'child-torturing' doctors: How Bellevue went from a desolate New York almshouse and mental hospital to top medical facility Politico editor resigns after calling for 'baseball bat' attacks on white nationalist leader – and posting his home address on Facebook Just in the nick of time! Obama gives out his last Medals of Freedom to stars including Trump-haters Robert De Niro, Bruce Springsteen, Ellen DeGeneres and Tom Hanks  In from the cold: Donald feels the warmth down in Mar-a-Lago as supporters welcome the Trumps for Thanksgiving after his testing two days locking horns with America's media bigwigs in NYC Cops fear copycat attacks across the U.S. after a FIFTH officer is shot in three days Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New York in the 1970s show the raw life of the city in stark contrast to its modern glitz  'F*** him!' Emotional TV anchors and execs hit 'bluffing blowhard' Trump for turning his Monday media summit into a showdown Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  PIERS MORGAN: Once a fame-addict like Kanye started mainlining with the Kardashians it was only a matter of time before he overdosed 'I believe we are expecting a new princess soon!' Awkward night for Prince Harry as Antigua PM invites him and Meghan Markle for honeymoon, then hostess tries to drag red-faced Royal out for a dance Shocking racially charged Twitter history of the Hamilton actor who delivered controversial message to Vice President-elect Mike Pence 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close-friend Kanye West U.S.S. Arizona is seen for the first time since being sunk nearly 75 years ago during the attack on Pearl Harbor in new film Trump's showdown at the New York Times: Donald accuses paper of treating him 'very unfairly', says he doesn't feel 'strongly' about prosecuting Hillary and suggests Middle East role for Kushner  Possibly THE cutest Christmas commercial you will ever see: WWF advert tugs on the heart strings when an injured tiger comes to stay in a suburban family home  Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize screaming rapper in cuffs' during psychotic episode after anniversary of his mother's death EXCLUSIVE: 'That's my girl!' Swedish father reveals the mystery English-speaking homeless girl on streets of Rome is his 21-year-old daughter who suffers from Asperger's and is studying Italian  White CNN commentator drops the N-word live on-air when discussing Trump - to the shock of host Brooke Baldwin The Obamas 'have bought a mansion at California golf mecca as well as leasing $4.3m DC home for life after the White House' Changing sides? Mark Cuban spotted at NYC bar with Trump guru Steve Bannon... weeks after joining Hillary on the campaign trail and saying he would rather 'lose every penny than have Donald as president' EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken Miami nightlife mogul, 44, says the parents of his girlfriend, 24, refuse to let him speak to her after she lost all memory of their year-long love affair when their boat crashed into a sea wall School bus driver, 24, is arrested after five elementary students are killed and 23 are injured in Tennessee crash that saw the vehicle leave the road at speed and wrap around a tree Girl, six, told to 'open your legs for poppy' before being raped by her step-grandfather during 'hugging time' Migrants burned down refugee centre causing €10 million in damage because there wasn't enough Nutella, Gummibears or chocolate, German Red Cross worker reveals  Billionaire 'princess' daughter of former Uzbek president 'who was locked up in a psychiatric hospital for two years by his successor has now been fatally POISONED'  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Louisiana floods, but Wal-Mart, UPS keep trucks running Print Email Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 17, 2016 at 5:39 PM, updated August 18, 2016 at 11:31 AM comments Wal-Mart trucks were among the first to deliver much needed supplies after Hurricane Katrina tore through the Gulf Coast in 2005. As many Katrina survivors still note, Wal-Mart trucks arrived well before the Federal Emergency Management Agency did. Over the weekend, Wal-Mart was again among the large companies in Louisiana able to keep supply lines open and operations going despite catastrophe -- this time historic flooding that devastated whole communities and shut down major roadways. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the corporation's emergency operations center in Bentonville, Ark., kicked into high gear late last week as forecast warnings of record rainfall started to roll in. Wal-Mart has about 30 locations in the affected area, including stores in the heavily flooded communities of Denham Springs and Baker. Jones said early planning included mapping alternate routes for trucks delivering to stores in and around Louisiana. Corporate meteorologists monitored the weather and helped inform plans. Preparations were made to ramp up shipments of essential supplies -- from bottled water to baby formula -- to the region as it became clear conditions would worsen. Jones said eight Wal-Mart stores were closed because of various levels of flooding and damage. As of Thursday (Aug. 18), five of those stores had re-opened. A key distribution center in Hammond also remained open. The Hammond center serves stores in Louisiana and south Mississippi. Jones said the current priority is ensuring Wal-Mart employees are healthy and taken care of and that trucks are safely re-routed to get to where they need to be. "We are shifting our resources to be able to work around the road closures and damage to facilities," Jones said. Big corporations have a clear motive in investing in disaster preparedness. Planning ahead minimizes the dent otherwise unpredictable natural disasters can make on revenues. And there's a sales advantage in being able to quickly get back to providing supplies and services to customers in a time of need. On the plus side, corporations can serve as a model for how disaster response should work. Experts point to Katrina. While FEMA's response was lethargic and inefficient, major companies ushered in needed supplies quickly. Last December, FEMA gathered public and private sector officials in New Orleans for its fifth annual Building Resilience conference, during which leaders swapped ideas to improve response measures. FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate called businesses large and small an "essential member of the team" when it comes to disaster response. "The more resilient businesses are, the quicker they can recover and provide critical goods and services to help their communities rebuild," Fugate said in a release at the time. UPS, the world's largest logistics company, has more than 2,860 employees at 19 facilities in Louisiana handling small package business. UPS spokeswoman Susan Rosenberg said all UPS distribution centers were able to continue operations through the flooding, though there is now limited capacity at its facilities in four cities: Baton Rouge, Port Allen, Jeanerette and Gonzales. Like Wal-Mart, Rosenberg said UPS started planning to re-route trucks and packages scheduled to pass through south Louisiana late last week. Five company meteorologists track weather patterns all over the world from a UPS hub in Louisville, Ky. Distribution centers along the Gulf Coast have generators as a precaution for hurricane season. The company also has a phone hotline for employees in affected areas to call and check in. Rosenberg said packages that are delayed or can't be delivered because of flooding are being marked as such in the company's electronic tracking system. Packages will be held at distribution centers until delivery resumes or for a few days until they are claimed, she said. She noted UPS warehouses are typically slower this time of year, leaving enough room to store excess packages for the time being. As floodwaters recede, large companies shift to meeting customer needs. At UPS, the focus is getting delivery routes up and running as soon as possible and working with customers with high-priority deliveries -- for example, prescription drug orders, Rosenberg said. She added UPS is coordinating the transportation of trailers for the American Red Cross and for supply pickups at area shelters. After years of tracking disaster recovery, Jones said Wal-Mart supply managers can anticipate what a region needs as it moves from flood to recovery. In coming days, shipments will shift from diapers and water to cleanup items, including shovels, gloves and bleach. "Once it shifts from evacuation and immediate safety to more the recovery and cleanup, we know the supplies people are looking for," Jones said. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 30 Greater New Orleans business people making a move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Travel Blogs Photos Videos Property TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos ALL News Home » Business » India Business Why are FIIs going light on these 20 stocks? 10 stocks that gave over 40% return last year Top fund managers bought stocks you sold in July STREET UPDATE: Who moved my market today Commodities: Gold | Crude | Base metals F&O view: Call writing at 8,600, 8,700 to cap Tree House-Zee Learn deal: All that you must know Why you should pray for a market correction ASAP Birla wants to feed the financial services 'animal' Stks, bonds rally as mkt-friendly RBI Guv awaited Nirma, Lafarge cement Rs 9000 crore deal Piramal books a ride on Siva’s Utoo Experian launches CrossCore for intra-bank Corporates switching to eco-friendly PET bottles RBI cracks whip to stop ATM fraud Sensex tanks 133 pts in early trade on Asian cues Sensex slumps to 3-week low, sinks 215 points HUL splits foods and refreshments portfolio Sebi moots new norms for warehouses in comex space 10 Indian companies in 25 top workplaces list for Will the global markets be awash with cheap money Business, recruitment in China hit record lows European Union is 'falling apart', Soros warns China official says no plans to devalue yuan New IMF chief to be selected soon Facebook will counter hate speech in Europe Toyota recalls 6.5 mn vehicles globally over window Sensex climbs 180 points on GST hopes Flipkart-owned Myntra acquires Jabong Sensex rallies 464 pts Sensex bounces 99 points, Nifty above 7,800 Sensex soars 326 points, Nifty reclaims 7,800-mark in early trade Infosys overtakes TCS to become the ‘most valued stock’ Nila Infra bags EPC contract worth crores New water absorbent product 'Zeba' HPCL to set up largest LPG plant 'Focus on operational efficiency' Power Grid Q1 beats estimates July WPI inflation at 2-yr high Organised wholesale makes a splashJohn Sarkar With just 92 stores in the country, wholesale chains operated by Walmart, Metro and Reliance have managed to take away 2.6% of the FMCG business from nearly 10 million traditional wholesalers in a short span of time. | TNN | Aug 18, 2016, 03.09 AM IST NEW DELHI: With just 92 stores in the country, wholesale chains operated by Walmart, Metro and Reliance have managed to take away 2.6% of the FMCG business from nearly 10 million traditional wholesalers in a short span of time. "At present, wholesale cash-and-carry companies account for around Rs 6,800 crore of FMCG sales in the country," said Vijay Udasi, senior VP at Nielsen India. "Not only that, the cash-and-carry business is growing at a faster clip than traditional wholesale business." Cash-and-carry or organised wholesale business is growing at 13%, compared to traditional wholesale businesses, which is expanding by around 7% annually. Cash-and-carry businesses in India are defined as mainly B2B (business-to-business) channels in which goods are sold from a wholesale warehouse such as Walmart's Best Price Modern Wholesale to kirana store owners, hotels, hospitals and canteens. The world's largest retailer Walmart, which runs a B2C (business-to-consumer) multi-brand retail business elsewhere, operates 21 cash-and-carry stores here because 100% FDI is not allowed in multi-brand retail. It plans to invest an additional $300 million to increase the number of its stores to 70 by 2020. Its rival Germany's Metro Cash & Carry has recently opened its 22nd store in Bengaluru and plans to set up another 28 over the next four years. There are others such as UK's cash-and-carry giant Booker, which operates around six stores in the country. Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Retail is the largest player in the space with over 40 stores under the Reliance Market brand name. However, French retailer Carrefour that operated five cash-and-carry stores here exited India, citing regulatory hurdles as the multi-brand retail segment remains shut for all practical purposes. "Several consumer goods manufacturers are also using the cash-and-carry model to supplement distribution, improve cost structure by leveraging trade margins," said Udasi. For instance, around 60% of the one million Walmart India members are kirana store owners. Interestingly, the product mix in the organised wholesale trade is led by non-food items such as toilet soaps, washing powders and refined oils, while the top moving items in traditional trade are biscuits, refined oils and salty snacks. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Rio Olympics 2016Rio 2016 Olympics Live Update Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular With comments on Balochistan, PM signals no more unnecessary restraint on Kashmir: Experts Why scientists of Indian origin are leaving a better life and returning to India ‘Thanks, PM Modi’: Balochi activists thank him for raising the issue AirAsia to add new cities under its wings, says Amar Abrol In a conversation, Amar Abrol, CEO, AirAsia India talks about expansion of the company. The airline has added Hyderabad to it's network of destinations and is aiming to connect it with Bengaluru, Goa and Guwahati. Power Grid's Q1 profit up 33% at Rs 1,801.77 crore State-run Power Grid Corporation today reported a 33 per cent growth in standalone net profit at Rs 1,801.77 crore for the quarter ended June 30. The company had clocked a net profit of Rs 1,355.64 crore in the year-ago period, Power Grid said in a BSE filing. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners CEOs see 3-year growth cheer for India Inc Brazil co with Future, Walmart eye food retail Snapdeal closes fashion portal 1 yr after acquisition ChrysCapital set for Rs 600cr stake in Hero FinCorp Cisco layoff likely to impact India R&D Organised wholesale makes a splash Gold demand may pick up in second half of 2016, say experts Bank employees to protest against merger of SBI & associate banks South Indian Bank promises Rs 1 crore to Kochi Biennale 1Organised wholesale makes a splash 2CEOs see 3-year growth cheer for India Inc 3Brazil co with Future, Walmart eye food retail 4Snapdeal closes fashion portal 1 yr after acquisition 5ChrysCapital set for Rs 600cr stake in Hero FinCorp 6Cisco layoff likely to impact India R&D 7Organised wholesale makes a splash 8Gold demand may pick up in second half of 2016, say experts 9Bank employees to protest against merger of SBI & associate banks 10South Indian Bank promises Rs 1 crore to Kochi Biennale About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web New Cars | Real Estate | Cricket News | Delhi To Leh Bus Service | Sultan Box office Prediction Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Compare Mobile Phones | Bollywood News Trending Topics Best of Savdhaan India | Kamasutra | Beauty Care | Recipes | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Rio 2016: Biles wins record-equalling fourth gold with floor victory 'Act of God': Ruinous flooding catches Louisiana off guard What is No Man’s Sky? Tips for new galactic explorers Russia uses Iranian airbase to strike IS targets in Syria Google Hangouts may see new target audience post Duo, Allo rollout Bangladesh central bank says withholding heist probe info from 'foreign perpetrators' Wholesale inflation soars to 23-mth high Akshay Kumar: Hrithik Roshan and I are still friends Rio Olympics: Vikas Krishan ousted, boxers sign off without medal Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. vs. Target Corporation There's a clear winner, but here's why investors should steer clear of both. Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Aug 17, 2016 at 5:18PM Image source: Getty Images. The past decade hasn't been kind to retailers. Since the Great Recession, Amazon.com has taken a bigger and bigger slice of the merchandise pie, while brick-and-mortar players like Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Target (NYSE:TGT) have seen their physical locations transform from assets to liabilities. All is not lost: Both companies remain solidly profitable and offer up significant and healthy dividends. But between Wal-Mart and Target, which is the better buy today? There's no definitive way to answer the question. But we can look at the two through three different lenses to get a feel for where they stand. Financial fortitude Investors often underappreciate the value of cash. While returning it to shareholders is more satisfying, keeping a substantial chunk of cash on hand is crucial for long-term survival, especially in retail. When you have cash, you have options in tough times -- you can outspend rivals, buy back shares on the cheap, and even make acquisitions. Debt does the opposite -- forcing you to limit your focus, potentially supply the market with more shares, and face the possibility of going bankrupt. Here's how Wal-Mart and Target stack up. It's important to note that Wal-Mart's $228 billion market cap is five times the size of Target's. Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Wal-Mart $7.6 billion $50.6 billion $14.4 billion $17.7 billion Target $4.0 billion $14.2 billion $3.4 billion $3.1 billion Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Net income and free cash flow are on a trailing twelve-month basis. While neither company has a debt or cash position to get excited about, both companies produce enough free cash flow to easily meet all of their debt obligations. But given that Target is valued at just one-fifth the size of Wal-Mart, its cash and debt positions are more advantageous than Wal-Mart's. While not a runaway winner, this tips the scales in Target's favor. Winner: Target. Sustainable competitive advantages Over a long enough time frame, no variable has a greater effect on the success of a company than its sustainable competitive advantages. Without them, competition eventually erodes the business until it becomes a simple commodity. Sadly for both of these companies, sustainable competitive advantages are hard to come by. In the past, Wal-Mart had unmatched pricing power. Today, more and more customers are doing their shopping from home, which means both Wal-Mart and Target are facing significant headwinds. In my opinion, neither of these two have moats worth writing home about, so they'll end in a tie. Winner: Tie. Valuation Finally, we come to probably the most difficult answer to pin down: How expensive is each stock? Here are four different ways to evaluate this. Company P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Ratio Wal-Mart 16 13 0.47 5.2 Target 16 14 0.62 1.45 Data sources: Yahoo! Finance, YCharts, E*Trade. P/E = price to earnings; P/FCF = price to free cash flow; P/S = price to sales; PEG = price/earnings to growth. On almost every metric, these two look equally valued -- though analysts clearly think Wal-Mart is facing more challenges in the future, given its elevated PEG ratio. Another variable worth considering is each company's dividend. Wal-Mart currently yields 2.7% while using 40% of its free cash flow to pay shareholders. Target, on the other hand, yields 3.2% while using 44% of its free cash flow to do so. Both of these dividends are healthy, but Target's is clearly more enticing. When we combine this with Wal-Mart's elevated PEG ratio, Target once again comes out on top. Winner: Target. I'm not excited about either Between these two, Target comes out ahead. But I would caution any investor about investing in these companies over the long haul. E-commerce is killing middle-of-the-road retailers like Wal-Mart and Target. Lower-end stores like Dollar General will likely continue to be prevalent, as well as high-end purveyors like Giorgio Armani, where clients simply like the shopping experience. But for convenience, Middle America is flocking to e-commerce. The result is that these companies are looking to fundamentally change the way they do business -- and that is a very difficult thing to do. Brian Stoffel owns shares of, and the Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends, Amazon.com. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Brian Stoffel has been a Fool since 2008, and a financial journalist for the Motley Fool since 2010. He tends to follow the investment strategies of Fool-founder David Gardner, looking for the most innovative companies driving positive change for the future. Follow @TMFStoffel Article Info Aug 17, 2016 at 5:18PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.74 up $0.62 (0.88%) Target NYSE:TGT $78.85 up $0.98 (1.26%) Read More What Costco's Inventory Turnover Says About Its Moat Target Is Thinking Small Better Buy: The Home Depot, Inc. vs. Target, Inc. Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Target Stock in 5 Charts Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Police are furious at Wal-Mart for a policy making it a dangerous place to shop Business Insider 8/17/2016 Kate Taylor Click to expand Replay Video Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC's Jane Wells reports on organic food trends and the price of turkeys ahead of Thanksgiving. CNBC US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction On Wednesday The U.S. Transportation Department issued voluntary guidelines for makers of mobile devices. The guidelines ask manufacturers to make it simple to pair mobile devices with in-vehicle systems, allowing easy hands-free phone use and to limit functionality of the devices. Wochit Tech After death, world's tallest water slide to be torn down A general view of the Verruckt waterslide at the Schlitterbahn Waterpark in Kansas City, Kansas July 8, 2014. REUTERS/Dave Kaup/File Photo The world's tallest water slide will be torn down after a 10-year-old boy suffered a broken neck and was killed riding it in August, an amusement park in Kansas City, said. The 168 feet (51.4 meter) slide will be decommissioned, closed permanently and removed after the ongoing investigation is complete, park officials said in a statement on Tuesday. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Fighting out-of-control crime at Wal-Mart Bloomberg See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC1:40 US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction Wochit Tech0:30 After death, world's tallest water slide to be torn down Wochit News0:43 The best of Black Friday deals Fox Business4:53 7 states that are better for retirement than Florida Kiplinger1:21 Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts Newsy1:11 Would you pay $1,500 for a haircut? The Wall Street Journal.4:03 Average age of an American car is 11.6 years, a record high CNBC3:37 More Americans will become millionaires in 2017, but it's not all good Newsy0:55 Hong Kong Disneyland bets $1.4 billion on 'Frozen,' Marvel The Wall Street Journal.1:24 Existing home sales hit more than 9-1/2-year high Wochit Business1:08 Is anti-Black Friday eclipsing Black Friday? The Washington Post2:14 Replacing Obamacare: Speaker Ryan's plan seen as roadmap CNBC1:55 What drives the prices of fine wine? Bloomberg5:33 This startup is trying to reinvent the piston engine CNN Money3:25 How close does Trump remain to his foreign businesses? CNN Money2:31 UP NEXT More than 200 violent crimes have been committed so far this year at Walmart locations across the U.S. — about one per day.  Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 70.78 +0.66 +0.94% And, according to a new Bloomberg article, a company policy is to blame. Walmart locations have been host to crimes from shoplifting to stabbing, manslaughter, and attempting kidnapping in 2016, report Shannon Pettypiece and David Voreacos at Bloomberg.  From housing meth labs to shootings, police stations across the country told Bloomberg that Walmart locations have become a hotbed for crime. "It’s ridiculous — we are talking about the biggest retailer in the world," Tulsa police sergeant, Robert Rohloff, told Bloomberg, saying that the retailer forces taxpayers to pay for the police to do work that Walmart should be paying security to do. Worse, Bloomberg argues that the crime is a result of corporate policies. Cost-cutting policies that started in the early 2000s resulted in a drop in store quality, while the loss of greeters and the rise of self-checkout scanners made shoplifting and other illegal activities easier to engage in without employees noticing. Related video: Potential meth lab found under Walmart parking lot  Click to expand Replay Video Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC's Jane Wells reports on organic food trends and the price of turkeys ahead of Thanksgiving. CNBC US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction On Wednesday The U.S. Transportation Department issued voluntary guidelines for makers of mobile devices. The guidelines ask manufacturers to make it simple to pair mobile devices with in-vehicle systems, allowing easy hands-free phone use and to limit functionality of the devices. Wochit Tech After death, world's tallest water slide to be torn down A general view of the Verruckt waterslide at the Schlitterbahn Waterpark in Kansas City, Kansas July 8, 2014. REUTERS/Dave Kaup/File Photo The world's tallest water slide will be torn down after a 10-year-old boy suffered a broken neck and was killed riding it in August, an amusement park in Kansas City, said. The 168 feet (51.4 meter) slide will be decommissioned, closed permanently and removed after the ongoing investigation is complete, park officials said in a statement on Tuesday. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Potential meth lab found under Walmart parking lot in New York Wochit News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Organic Thanksgiving dinner could cost you CNBC1:40 US offers mobile device guidelines to curb driver distraction Wochit Tech0:30 After death, world's tallest water slide to be torn down Wochit News0:43 The best of Black Friday deals Fox Business4:53 7 states that are better for retirement than Florida Kiplinger1:21 Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts Newsy1:11 Would you pay $1,500 for a haircut? The Wall Street Journal.4:03 Average age of an American car is 11.6 years, a record high CNBC3:37 More Americans will become millionaires in 2017, but it's not all good Newsy0:55 Hong Kong Disneyland bets $1.4 billion on 'Frozen,' Marvel The Wall Street Journal.1:24 Existing home sales hit more than 9-1/2-year high Wochit Business1:08 Is anti-Black Friday eclipsing Black Friday? The Washington Post2:14 Replacing Obamacare: Speaker Ryan's plan seen as roadmap CNBC1:55 What drives the prices of fine wine? Bloomberg5:33 This startup is trying to reinvent the piston engine CNN Money3:25 How close does Trump remain to his foreign businesses? CNN Money2:31 UP NEXT It's a result that drove profits — the article states that sales per employee in the US grew 23% in the last decade, to $236,804. However, it has also contributed to lawsuits against the chain, with plaintiffs arguing that Walmart did not provide enough sufficient security to prevent crimes and should be held accountable. Walmart told Bloomberg that the company realizes it has a problem, and that it is taking action. However, until it does, the crime problem could be a huge issue for the budget retailer. © Provided by Business Insider walmart close 9 With the growth of e-commerce, many chains are focusing on making the in-person shopping experience more enjoyable to draw customers to their locations. If its shopping experience is not only not enjoyable, but also unsafe, Walmart is at serious risk of losing customers to online competitors as well as retailers focusing on improving their in-store experiences. Even ignoring the issue of lawsuits, Walmart's reputation as a hotbed for violent crime is a dangerous one that the retailer needs to shake — fast. To read the full Bloomberg story, click here. Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Here's what can happen when you eat too much salt Business Insider The pound is tumbling Business Insider 5 most annoying resume mistakes Business Insider 19 easy ways to slowly destroy your career Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Email to a friend Your email address Your friend's address Subject Body Check out this article Walmart Customer Finds Dead Baby in Discount DVD Bin. http://www.snopes.com/walmart-customer-finds-dead-baby-in-discount-dvd-bin/ Sent via snopes.com Send What's New Fact Checks News Hot 25 Newsletter Archive Glossary Contact Message Board FAQ Random Autos Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Entertainment Fake News Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Humor Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Luck Media Matters Medical Military Old Wives' Tales Politics Quotes Racial Rumors Religion Risquè Business Science September 11 Sports Technology Travel Viral Phenomena Weddings Submit A Rumor Go Go Home Fact Check Fake News Walmart Customer Finds Dead Baby in Discount DVD Bin Wal-Mortality A fake news site's report about a deceased newborn baby discarded in a Walmart DVD bin shocked readers on social media. Kim LaCapria Updated: Aug 17, 2016 Share - - Claim: A customer discovered a deceased and discarded baby in a Kentucky Walmart's discount DVD bin. false Example: [Collected via e-mail, August 2016] Came across a news story about a dead baby found in a Walmart bin. Nothing else shows up regarding this story when searching online, not sure if this is true. Origin:On 13 August 2016, the web site Associated Media Coverage reported published a disturbing account of the purported discovery of a deceased and discarded newborn baby girl in a "discount DVD bin" at a Kentucky Walmart: 42-year old Diane Jessop received the surprise of her life while shopping at her local Roy County, Kentucky, Walmart Saturday morning. According to police statements, Mrs. Jessop was sorting through the store’s discount DVD bin in attempt to find a few movies to give her granddaughter on her upcoming birthday when she discovered a lifeless newborn buried in the middle of the bin. According to on-scene witnesses, several customers made their way to the DVD bin when they heard Mrs. Jessop scream and call for help. Jessop told police that as she was sorting through the DVD’s she saw what appeared to be a small foot. The bin was in close proximity to the store’s toy isle so Mrs. Jessop initially assumed that someone had placed a doll in the bin. It wasn’t until she grabbed the foot and pulled the body from the pile of DVD’s that she realized that it was not a baby doll, but the body of a lifeless newborn girl. Local police and responding paramedics confirmed that the child had been dead for approximately 48-hours and was estimated to be around 2-months old. If it seemed unlikely a legitimate news outlet would describe such a tragic and gruesome discovery as the "surprise of [someone's] life," that's because the claim was one of many hoax articles published by Associated Media Coverage. The problem of fatal newborn abandonment is tragically real, but the story as reported was entirely fabricated. Associated Media Coverage typically spreads false alarms about non-existent laws and statutes, including stories about a motorcycle curfew in March 2016, a motorcycle speed ban in August 2016, a looming FDA e-juice ban not long after, and a claim about several jurisdictions codifying a "two pet maximum" ordinance.  But Associated Media Coverage has expanded its scope into darker fabrications, promulgating upsetting falsehoods about a transgender bathroom controversy-related shooting (while the issue was a hot-button one nationwide) and falsely asserting Casey Anthony was opening a home daycare center. Although many fake news sites feature disclaimers informing readers their content is not to be taken as real news, Associated Media Coverage does not.  Last updated: 17 August 2016 Originally published: 17 August 2016 Tags: walmart abandoned newborn associated media coverage Kim LaCapria Kim LaCapria is a New York-based content manager and longtime snopes.com message board participant. Although she was investigated and found to be "probably false" by snopes.com in early 2002, Kim later began writing for the site due to an executive order unilaterally passed by President Obama during a secret, late-night session (without the approval of Congress). Click like and share if you think this is an egregious example of legislative overreach. Feedback Facebook - Twitter @ Email Fact Check Mike Brown Beating Video A misidentified video purportedly depicts Mike Brown ... Fact Check FALSE: Tony Romo and Jason Witten Admit to Homosexual Romance Fake news reports that Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo ... News Alabama Veteran Falsely Claims 'Muslim' Gas Station Manager Refused to Let Him Use Restroom An Alabama veteran who claimed he was denied access to a gas ... Fact Check Does the Supplement InteliGEN Increase Intelligence? We could find no proof that the supposed brain supplement ... Fact Check Made in USA Did Japan rename a town 'Usa' so it could identify its ... Fact Check Motorcycle Accident Photographs show a motorcyclist cut in half by a collision ... Copy the article link Send us your feedback Thank you for writing to us! Although we receive hundreds of e-mails every day, we really and truly read them all, and your comments, suggestions, and questions are most welcome. Unfortunately, we can manage to answer only a small fraction of our incoming mail. Our site covers many of the items currently being plopped into inboxes everywhere, so if you were writing to ask us about something you just received, our search engine can probably help you find the very article you want. Choose a few key words from the item you're looking for and click here to go to the search engine. (Searching on whole phrases will often fail to produce matches because the text of many items is quite variable, so picking out one or two key words is the best strategy.) We do reserve the right to use non-confidential material sent to us via this form on our site, but only after it has been stripped of any information that might identify the sender or any other individuals not party to this communication. Your Email Your Message Send Send us a rumor Go Follow snopes on Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Get Snopes in your inbox Go We will never send you spam or share your email with nigerian royalty. The Hot List Final Vote Count 2016 All the ballots haven't been counted yet, but it looks like … 30K Hillary Clinton and the Phantom Tantrum Unreliable sources are reporting that Clinton had a violent … 6K Anti-Trump Protesters Block Ambulance; Father of 4-Year-Old Girl Dies The trope of derided protesters uncaringly killing an innocent … 53K Make the World Great Again A photograph that shows Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on a … 60K Shock Treatment While running for Congress, Indiana governor Mike Pence called … 28K Ask. Chat. Poke. Snopes Official Facebook Group What's New Hampshire College Removes American Flag 2 hours ago Dan Rather: What Side of History Will You Be On? 2 hours ago Will It Cost Taxpayers $1 Million a Day for Trump's Family to Stay In New York? 18 hours ago 'Professor Watchlist' Monitors 'Anti-American,' 'Leftist' Educators 20 hours ago Tests Show No Evidence of Aloe Vera in Some Aloe Vera Gels 21 hours ago Like Us On Facebook Follow Us Twitter Official snopes RSS Feed Shoot Us An Email What’s New About Us Press Privacy Policy Glossary FAQ Contact Us Careers Advertise Switch To Desktop Version Urban Legends Reference Pages © 1995-2016 by snopes.com This material may not be reproduced without permission. Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Go What's New Fact Checks News Hot 25 Newsletter Archive Glossary Contact Message Board FAQ Random Autos Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Entertainment Fake News Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Humor Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Luck Media Matters Medical Military Old Wives' Tales Politics Quotes Racial Rumors Religion Risquè Business Science September 11 Sports Technology Travel Viral Phenomena Weddings
Walmart adds online pick-up at 5 Mid-South Locations - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2016 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Biker Dad Blog 2016 Mid-South Heart Walk Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Walmart adds online pick-up at 5 Mid-South Locations 2016-08-17T20:09:29Z2016-08-17T23:01:06Z By Madison Roberts Email Connect mroberts@wmctv.com (SOURCE: Walmart) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Walmart is entering the online grocery game in the Mid-South. The Arkansas-based retailer is adding a free online grocery service to five local Walmart Supercenters. Similar to Kroger’s Clicklist, customers don’t even have to get out of the car for pickup. To place your order, customers can click here or download the Walmart Grocery mobile app. Once you enter your zip code, you can select the nearest store and choose a time for pick up. According to Walmart, highly-trained personal shoppers carefully select the produce, meats, and other items each customer requested. Once a customer arrives at the pickup location, there will be reserved parking spaces marked in orange, and a designated number to call to alert an associate when you arrive. “Our customers have told us that grocery pickup is a game changer. They are now able to complete their grocery shopping in a matter of minutes – between errands, or on their way home from an after school activity– without even unbuckling their seat belts,” said Robert Tomboli, Memphis area eCommerce Coach. Walmart’s grocery pickup service features 30,000 items. Walmart said more than 90 percent of customer are choosing to add fresh meat, dairy, or produce to their baskets. The other top items selected by grocery pickup shoppers include after school snacks, diapers, and large dog food bags. In the greater Memphis area, Walmart will also offer regional brands and items such as Charlie Vergos Memphis Original Hot Barbecue Sauce, Pringles Memphis BBQ Potato Crisps, and Corky’s Fudge Pie for pickup. Walmart says all the prices will be the same as if you went to the store. The stores where online grocery pickup is now available include: 8453 U.S. Hwy. 51 N., Millington, TN 38053 577 Germantown Pkwy., Memphis, TN 38018 798 W. Service Rd., West Memphis, AR 72301        6811 Southcrest Pkwy., Southaven, MS 38671      7950 Craft Goodman Frontage Rd., Olive Branch, MS 38654 Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Wife charged with running over, murdering her husband Wife charged with running over, murdering her husband Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:36 PM EST2016-11-23 18:36:49 GMT (Source: SCSO) A woman now faces first-degree murder charges after police said she used her car to kill her husband. More >> A woman now faces first-degree murder charges after police said she used her car to kill her husband.More >> $50,000 reward offered following robbery of USPS mail carrier $50,000 reward offered following robbery of USPS mail carrier Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:46 PM EST2016-11-23 17:46:57 GMT Investigators say this is a similar model vehicle to what the robbery was driving. (Source: WMC Action News 5) A U.S. Post Office employee was robbed while delivering mail in Memphis. More >> A U.S. Post Office employee was robbed while delivering mail in Memphis.More >> How you can help Chattanooga bus crash victims How you can help Chattanooga bus crash victims Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:14 PM EST2016-11-23 17:14:03 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Five children were killed in a school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Now the entire country is looking for a way to help those families. More >> Five children were killed in a school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Now the entire country is looking for a way to help those families.More >> Death of man found by grandmother ruled a homicide Death of man found by grandmother ruled a homicide Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:08 PM EST2016-11-23 17:08:43 GMT (Source: Family) Memphis Police Department is investigating Tate's death as a homicide. More >> Memphis Police Department is investigating Tate's death as a homicide.More >> Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-23 16:38:22 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Four of the five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> All five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Warrant: Man charged with murder after wife found dead, may be traveling with 17-year-old Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 9:48 AM EST2016-11-22 14:48:36 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 10:54 AM EST2016-11-23 15:54:14 GMT John Blauvelt (Source: Simpsonville PD) Hannah Thompson (Source: Fountain Inn Police Department) Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October.  More >> Simpsonville police have arrested one man and are searching for another, who is considered armed and dangerous, in case of a woman found stabbed to death in an abandoned home in October. More >> Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Boy killed in bus crash a jokester; girl liked dress-up Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 1:23 PM EST2016-11-23 18:23:42 GMT Thirty-five children had been riding on a bus police said was traveling too fast Monday afternoon when it veered off a narrow, winding road and crashed into a tree on the way home from elementary school. More >> D'Myunn Brown liked to play little tricks on grown-ups. The 6-year-old would snatch a cell phone, hide it, then giggle and bat his big brown eyes with long, thick lashes.More >> Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Children killed in Chattanooga bus crash identified Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-23 16:38:22 GMT (from left to right) D'Myunn Brown, Zoie Nash, Cordayja Jones, Zyaira Mateen, and Zyanna Harris (Source: Family via Facebook) Four of the five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> All five children killed in Monday's school bus crash in Chattanooga have been identified by family members.More >> Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Children found covered in feces in 'hell hole' apartment Posted: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 22 2016 1:03 AM EST2016-11-22 06:03:33 GMT Police officers, one wearing a Hazmat suit, stand outside the apartment where two young children were found living in squalor, one of them harnessed to a bed. (Source: WFXT/CNN) The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> The couple’s 2-year-old daughter was found naked in her crib, shivering from the cold and smeared with feces. Their 4-year-old son was in another bedroom, tied down to the top of a bunk bedMore >> Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Classic 'WKRP' turkey episode has become a Thanksgiving tradition Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-23 17:24:30 GMT ‘As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly’More >> A classic TV show's unforgettable and hilarious Thanksgiving episode has endured through the ages.More >> World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died World's tallest waterslide to be demolished after boy died Posted: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-23 17:03:08 GMT A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the unfolding investigation of the tragedy is finished, the water park's...More >> A 168-foot-tall Kansas waterslide on which a state lawmaker's 10-year-old son was killed last summer will be demolished once the investigations of the tragedy are finished, the water park's operators said.More >> PD: Child was present as couple engaged in sexual activity in car PD: Child was present as couple engaged in sexual activity in car Posted: Monday, November 21 2016 7:46 PM EST2016-11-22 00:46:48 GMT Updated: Monday, November 21 2016 7:46 PM EST2016-11-22 00:46:49 GMT Officers arrested 27-year-old Rory Clark, of West Haven, and 28-year-old Kimberly Onorato, of Bristol. (Orange police) Police in Orange arrested two people after they said the couple was engaged in sexual activity in a car while a 6-year-old was in the back seat.More >> Police in Orange arrested two people after they said the couple was engaged in sexual activity in a car while a 6-year-old was in the back seat.More >> Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Gov. Nikki Haley accepts offer to be Trump's U.N. Ambassador Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 9:22 AM EST2016-11-23 14:22:53 GMT Gov. Nikki Haley has reportedly accepted a role as U.N. Ambassador in President-elect Donald Trump's administration. (Source: Governor's Office) South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. More >> South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has accepted President-elect Donald Trump's offer to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.More >> Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Parents volunteer kids for night in jail in hopes of behavior turnaround Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-23 11:18:14 GMT (Michael Clark | WBTV) Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM. More >> Children as young as 11 participated in the Chester County Sheriff's Offices' Project STORM.More >> Woman, baby rescued from SUV submerged in watery ditch Woman, baby rescued from SUV submerged in watery ditch Updated: Wednesday, November 23 2016 10:48 AM EST2016-11-23 15:48:33 GMT A woman and a child are recovering after their SUV crashed and submerged in water. (Source: Shayne Wright/ KSLA New 12) A woman and a child are recovering after they were rescued from an SUV that was found upside down submerged in a water-filled ditch Wednesday morning. It happened around 7:45 a.m. in the 9400 block of Stevens Road.  Firefighters on scene say a woman and an infant were in an SUV that was involved in a crash with a Shreveport permits and inspections Jeep. The city Jeep was traveling south trying to make a left turn when it clipped the northbound SUV submerging it into the watery... More >> A woman and a child are recovering after they were rescued from an SUV that was found upside down submerged in a water-filled ditch Wednesday morning. It happened around 7:45 a.m. in the 9400 block of Stevens Road.  Firefighters on scene say a woman and an infant were in an SUV that was involved in a crash with a Shreveport permits and inspections Jeep. The city Jeep was traveling south trying to make a left turn when it clipped the northbound SUV submerging it into the watery...More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News No place for Amartya Sen in Nalanda University board Kerala actor Mohanlal under fire for equating bank and liquor queues Cash rush: Government sends teams for ear-to-ground reports Two militants killed in Bandipore, new Rs 2000 notes recovered Minister’s family runs into cash hurdle in Karnataka hospital Home Business Companies Rules tweaked: Walmart, Brazil firm may set up stores in India Rules tweaked: Walmart, Brazil firm may set up stores in India At least 14 foreign firms have invested above $15 million each (in the range of $16.16-200 million) over the last two years. By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Published:August 18, 2016 1:42 am US retail giant Walmart and one of the world’s largest food companies based out of Brazil are interested in setting up stores in India following the government’s decision to allow 100 per cent foreign direct investment in the marketing of locally-produced food items, food processing secretary Avinash Srivastava said on Wednesday. Walmart is interested in setting up its own retail stores, but the Brazilian company may go for a local partner, he said. Though Srivastava refused to name the Brazilian company, his statement came amid speculations BRF Brasil may tie up with the Kishore Biyani-led Future Group. However, the companies are yet to apply to the government for permission to set up their stores here. While Walmart is the world’s largest retailer, BRF is a global leader in exporting animal protein and on producing food items that are supplied to over 150 countries. BRF has more than 105,000 employees across 35 units in Brazil, 16 abroad and 40 distribution centres. Speaking on the occasion to highlight the achievements of the food processing sector under the Centre’s ‘Make in India’ programme, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) secretary Ramesh Abhishek said the sector has received FDI of $1.04 billion between April 2014 and March 2016. This has driven up the overall FDI in the sector to $6.82 billion between April 2000 and March 2016, accounting for 2.36 per cent of the total FDI received by the country across sectors during the period. At least 14 foreign firms have invested above $15 million each (in the range of $16.16-200 million) over the last two years, Abhishek said. Similarly, at least four domestic companies, including Patanjali Ayurved, are investing. He added that this was not an exhaustive list. Top investor Linde Group has invested $200 million in the seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh, while US food major Mondelez International has set up a manufacturing plant with an investment of $190 million, with a capacity of 2,50,000 tonnes in that state again. Mars International (India), one of the largest chocolate makers, has spent $114.63 million in its Pune plant. Among domestic companies, Patanjali is planning to invest Rs 500 crore in a food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh for which the state government has cleared 400 acres of land. Balaji Wafers, a snacks manufacturer, is investing Rs 414 crore in a manufacturing plant. In June, the DIPP notified that 100 per cent FDI will be permitted in trading — including through e-commerce — of food products produced or manufactured in India, subject to the approval of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB). The decision to allow it was part of the government’s announcement in the 2016-17 Budget. “This will benefit farmers, give impetus to food processing industry and create vast employment opportunities,” finance minister Arun Jaitley had said in his Budget speech. Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones However, critics had pointed out that opening up only the marketing of food products fully was unlikely to attract much foreign investments as no supermarket can attract massive footfalls and be profitable with just food items on its shelves. The decision is important as food and farm items worth Rs 92,000 crore go waste annually in India due to a low level of processing and inadequate infrastructure for scientific storage. India is the world’s largest producer of milk and the second-largest grower of rice, wheat, fruit and vegetables, but the processing level of such items stands at just 10 per cent. Srivastava said with the setting up of additional cold chains, with a storage capacity of 3.2 million tonnes, the government expects to reduce farm wastage by 10 per cent a year. FE Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Bigg Boss 10, 23rd November 2016 written update: Lopamudra fails in the secret task Gareth Bale to miss El Clasico Gurgaon: 4-year-old mute girl sexually assaulted, 58-year-old arrested The rare swara Demonetisation: Traders hit, BJP Delhi unit worried ahead of civic body polls                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Environment August 17, 2016 1:55 pm Updated: August 17, 2016 2:06 pm WATCH: Diaper-wearing monkey attacks employee at Ohio Walmart By Elton Hobson Video Producer  Global News Caught on Camera: Diaper-wearing monkey attacks employee at Ohio Walmart What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A bizarre confrontation between a Walmart employee and a diaper-wearing monkey has gone viral since it was posted to Facebook Sunday night. Lancaster, Ohio resident Richelle Stewart says she shot the footage in the parking lot of the Walmart on North Memorial Drive. Stewart says the incident occurred as she was arriving at the Walmart Sunday evening with her husband. Story continues below Related Ontario police use bananas to lure monkey back to captivity IKEA monkey awaiting arrival of new roommates as Ontario sanctuary expands Monkey business: Alberta researchers explore ‘phenomenon’ of tourists being ripped off by monkeys “I saw the monkey and he was just standing on the carts, and this lady was trying to come over and get him,” Stewart told WCMH News in Columbus, Ohio. “The monkey had escaped from a nearby camper. And we saw the cart guy from Walmart coming over to help her.” In the video, the monkey is seen accosting the unidentified employee near the shopping cart disposal area for a few seconds, as the monkey’s owner runs over. “Let her go, let her go!” the woman can be heard shouting. “Did she bite you?” READ MORE: IKEA monkey awaiting arrival of new roommates as Ontario sanctuary expands Woman and monkey then retreat to the woman’s nearby trailer. In a statement to local media, a spokesperson for Walmart said the store employee was not bitten during the altercation, which began when the employee noticed the monkey had escaped from the woman’s camper. In a separate statement, the Ohio Department of Agriculture says they are trying to track down the woman out of concern her pet monkey may not be registered. The video has gone viral since it was posted to Stewart’s Facebook page, having been shared nearly 6,000 times since it was posted late Sunday. “When we posted it on Facebook, we did it for fun,” Stewart said. “We go to Walmart, we moved to Lancaster and there’s a monkey.” © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Animal attack Animals Caught On Camera IKEA monkey Lancaster Monkey Ohio People of Walmart Pet monkey Viral Video Walmart Walmart Monkey Editor's Picks Money Here’s how much Canada’s top 1% of income earners made in 2014 Politics Phasing out coal: good for the environment, bad for your wallet Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Here are the campaign promises Donald Trump has backed away from so far 21599 Thunderstorm asthma kills 4 people in Melbourne 18237 Kingston Hydro cuts off single mom who chose groceries over utility bill 17218 Queen Elizabeth honours Alberta teen for saving his stepdad's life: 'I just did what I had to do' 16343 Cat rescued after being stuck on 45-foot-high pole for 9 days 14581 Sponsored content Popular Videos Kingston couple disconnected from hydro, struggling in the dark WATCH NOW It’s a vagina, not a hoo hoo: Importance of using proper terms when discussing genitals with kids WATCH NOW Trump shares update on transition, policy plan for first 100 days in office WATCH NOW Ontario to import 2 terawatt hours of Quebec electricity annually under new deal WATCH NOW Matthew Schreindorfer shares sad news WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Pigeon Express gets GoJavas control Business Standard Walmart keen to retail processed food in India The government allowing 100 per cent FDI in food processing will benefit farmers and boost the sector, Krish Iyer, president, Walmart India, said Subhayan Chakraborty  |  New Delhi  August 18, 2016 Last Updated at 00:25 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGtiQp Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Photo: Wikipedia ALSO READ Fuzzy retail policy makes Walmart move to slow lane 2020 store opening target will be met: Krish Iyer Retail boost with nod to 24x7 biz Mondelez grooms talent early Walmart to study FDI fineprint before setting up food-only outlets Global retail firm Walmart is in advanced discussions to invest in processed-food retailing, a top government official said on Wednesday. The company had expressed interest in entering processed-food retailing after the government had allowed, in June, 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail trading of food products, also through e-commerce, provided the goods are made in India. The company will join a slew of other international firms such as confectionary chain Mondelez International, chocolate maker Mars Inc, and cereal food maker Kellogg Company, that have invested in processed-food retailing over the past two financial years. Accounting for about nine per cent of gross domestic product, the food-processing sector received foreign direct investment (FDI) of over $1 billion in FY15 and FY16, food processing secretary Avinash K Srivastava said. The largest Brazilian poultry producer has also expressed interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future group to sell their products in the country, he added. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, in 2007 entered a supermarket joint venture with Bharti Enterprises, only to see it split in 2013. Currently, Walmart India operates 21 wholesale stores under the brand Best Price in nine states. The company has plans to open 50 more such stores by 2020. "The government allowing 100 per cent FDI in food processing will benefit farmers and boost the sector," Krish Iyer, president, Walmart India, said. "We are evaluating the model in line with the guidelines announced," he added. "To incentivise greater foreign investments, the government has made significant strides in building back-end infrastructure like cold storage and mega food parks," Srivastava said. A total of 3.2-million-tonne capacity of cold storage has been added, with the completion of 51 cold-chain storage projects since June 2014. Constructed at a total expenditure of more than Rs 9,000 crore, the storage projects are expected to reduce domestic wastage of agricultural produce by 10 per cent. India is the largest milk producer and second-largest producer of fruit and vegetables in the world. However, it has very limited integrated cold- chain infrastructure and storage facilities, which cause up to 16 per cent of such produce to be wasted. The government is aiming to reduce wastage by up to 50 per cent within the next two years. Also, eight new mega food parks have been opened in the past two years, with 34 more sanctioned. Each facility is expected to generate total employment for up to 6,000 people and benefit 25,000 to 30,000 farmers. Fiscal benefits such as reduced excise duty of six per cent from the earlier 10 per cent on food processing and packaging machinery and 100 per cent income tax exemption on profits for the first five years to food processing units have also been introduced. Read More On Walmart | Retail | Krish Iyer | Fdi | Mondelez International PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Walmart keen to retail processed food in India The government allowing 100 per cent FDI in food processing will benefit farmers and boost the sector, Krish Iyer, president, Walmart India, said The government allowing 100 per cent FDI in food processing will benefit farmers and boost the sector, Krish Iyer, president, Walmart India, said Global retail firm Walmart is in advanced discussions to invest in processed-food retailing, a top government official said on Wednesday. The company had expressed interest in entering processed-food retailing after the government had allowed, in June, 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail trading of food products, also through e-commerce, provided the goods are made in India. The company will join a slew of other international firms such as confectionary chain Mondelez International, chocolate maker Mars Inc, and cereal food maker Kellogg Company, that have invested in processed-food retailing over the past two financial years. Accounting for about nine per cent of gross domestic product, the food-processing sector received foreign direct investment (FDI) of over $1 billion in FY15 and FY16, food processing secretary Avinash K Srivastava said. The largest Brazilian poultry producer has also expressed interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future group to sell their products in the country, he added. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, in 2007 entered a supermarket joint venture with Bharti Enterprises, only to see it split in 2013. Currently, Walmart India operates 21 wholesale stores under the brand Best Price in nine states. The company has plans to open 50 more such stores by 2020. "The government allowing 100 per cent FDI in food processing will benefit farmers and boost the sector," Krish Iyer, president, Walmart India, said. "We are evaluating the model in line with the guidelines announced," he added. "To incentivise greater foreign investments, the government has made significant strides in building back-end infrastructure like cold storage and mega food parks," Srivastava said. A total of 3.2-million-tonne capacity of cold storage has been added, with the completion of 51 cold-chain storage projects since June 2014. Constructed at a total expenditure of more than Rs 9,000 crore, the storage projects are expected to reduce domestic wastage of agricultural produce by 10 per cent. India is the largest milk producer and second-largest producer of fruit and vegetables in the world. However, it has very limited integrated cold- chain infrastructure and storage facilities, which cause up to 16 per cent of such produce to be wasted. The government is aiming to reduce wastage by up to 50 per cent within the next two years. Also, eight new mega food parks have been opened in the past two years, with 34 more sanctioned. Each facility is expected to generate total employment for up to 6,000 people and benefit 25,000 to 30,000 farmers. Fiscal benefits such as reduced excise duty of six per cent from the earlier 10 per cent on food processing and packaging machinery and 100 per cent income tax exemption on profits for the first five years to food processing units have also been introduced. Subhayan Chakraborty Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart keen to retail processed food in India The government allowing 100 per cent FDI in food processing will benefit farmers and boost the sector, Krish Iyer, president, Walmart India, said Global retail firm Walmart is in advanced discussions to invest in processed-food retailing, a top government official said on Wednesday. The company had expressed interest in entering processed-food retailing after the government had allowed, in June, 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail trading of food products, also through e-commerce, provided the goods are made in India. The company will join a slew of other international firms such as confectionary chain Mondelez International, chocolate maker Mars Inc, and cereal food maker Kellogg Company, that have invested in processed-food retailing over the past two financial years. Accounting for about nine per cent of gross domestic product, the food-processing sector received foreign direct investment (FDI) of over $1 billion in FY15 and FY16, food processing secretary Avinash K Srivastava said. The largest Brazilian poultry producer has also expressed interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future group to sell their products in the country, he added. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, in 2007 entered a supermarket joint venture with Bharti Enterprises, only to see it split in 2013. Currently, Walmart India operates 21 wholesale stores under the brand Best Price in nine states. The company has plans to open 50 more such stores by 2020. "The government allowing 100 per cent FDI in food processing will benefit farmers and boost the sector," Krish Iyer, president, Walmart India, said. "We are evaluating the model in line with the guidelines announced," he added. "To incentivise greater foreign investments, the government has made significant strides in building back-end infrastructure like cold storage and mega food parks," Srivastava said. A total of 3.2-million-tonne capacity of cold storage has been added, with the completion of 51 cold-chain storage projects since June 2014. Constructed at a total expenditure of more than Rs 9,000 crore, the storage projects are expected to reduce domestic wastage of agricultural produce by 10 per cent. India is the largest milk producer and second-largest producer of fruit and vegetables in the world. However, it has very limited integrated cold- chain infrastructure and storage facilities, which cause up to 16 per cent of such produce to be wasted. The government is aiming to reduce wastage by up to 50 per cent within the next two years. Also, eight new mega food parks have been opened in the past two years, with 34 more sanctioned. Each facility is expected to generate total employment for up to 6,000 people and benefit 25,000 to 30,000 farmers. Fiscal benefits such as reduced excise duty of six per cent from the earlier 10 per cent on food processing and packaging machinery and 100 per cent income tax exemption on profits for the first five years to food processing units have also been introduced. Subhayan Chakraborty Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Life Food   Vegetables The future of vegetables is ugly Selling and buying imperfect produce in an effort to chip away at food waste       By Steven Overly The Washington Post Aug. 17, 2016   Today’s Food stories Natural partners Focus on: Thanksgiving desserts Focus on: Thanksgiving side dishes Focus on: Thanksgiving main dishes Asian-flavored turkey salad is light follow-up to the big feast More Food »   The future of produce is ugly. Twisted, blemished, mutated and deformed, to be specific. That’s because an increasing number of grocery chains and crop-sharing services have begun stocking and distributing fruits and vegetables once deemed unfit for sale based solely on appearance. To be clear, these goods aren’t damaged or rotten or distasteful. If a chef chopped them up and served them in a souffle, most would never know the difference. Their banishment from shelves was purely produce prejudice. In recent years, a small number of eco-conscious consumers have begun buying imperfect produce, often at discounted prices, in an effort to chip away at the planet’s staggering level of food waste. Now, the buy-ugly movement has been thrust into the mainstream. Walmart, the nation’s largest grocer with more than 4,000 produce-selling stores, announced in July it would sell less-than-pretty apples in 300 stores across Florida. This builds on an ugly-potato program the retail behemoth launched in Britain earlier this year. By virtue of its size, when Walmart makes a change, the broader retail sector notices. The company commands a massive and global supply chain and possesses tremendous purchasing power, a combination that allows it to disrupt traditional distribution channels and create demand for products where there once was none. And food is big business for Walmart. Groceries accounted for 56 percent of all sales in the company’s U.S. stores each of the past three years, according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Walmart’s program “is a result of working with our suppliers to build the infrastructure and processes that create a new home for perfectly imperfect produce,” Shawn Baldwin, Walmart’s senior vice president for global food sourcing, produce and floral, wrote on the company’s blog. “Because ugly produce can occur unexpectedly in any growing season or crop, we want to have the systems in place to offer this type of produce whenever it may occur.” Walmart is hardly alone in its embrace of ugly fruits and vegetables. Whole Foods has sold similar goods in the past, but it does not have the mass market reach of Walmart. And getting U.S. consumers to buy flawed produce has not been easy. Shoppers, particularly Americans, have long fixated on food with visual appeal in addition to (or instead of) nutritional value. There’s a reason the food that appears in television and magazine advertisements look like modern still-life paintings, meticulously crafted by professional stagers to the point of defying reality. European shoppers, by contrast, have been pioneers in food conservation and buying ugly. Britain has conducted a “Love Food Hate Waste” campaign since at least 2007, and the European Union has pledged to cut its food waste in half over the next decade. Winning acceptance for ugly produce is just one tactic being pursued in Europe to meet that goal. Others see a moneymaking opportunity; a grocery store in Denmark called WeFood sells only discounted food that is either misshapen or past its stated expiration date. Our vanity contributes to America’s waste epidemic. No matter how you slice it, the United States throws away tons of edible food every year. The Natural Resources Defense Council estimates that 40 percent of food grown and produced in the United States each year goes uneaten. More fruit and vegetables are wasted than any other food category, with 52 percent being lost rather than consumed. There are many factors that lead to this waste. Some food may simply spoil before it’s sold or fail to meet standards set by the Agriculture Department for consumable goods sold in the United States. Retailers also have guidelines for produce they are willing to shelve, and those guidelines are often more stringent than the government regulations. For its part, the food industry has made efforts to eliminate some of this waste by selling misshapen produce as ingredients in other foods, said Kathy Means, vice president of industry relations at the Produce Marketing Association. Strawberries may be mashed into jam, for example. Baby-cut carrots were invented in 1986 as a way to repurpose full-size carrots that weren’t considered grocery-store caliber. “It still is a huge challenge to get people to understand that ugly fruits and vegetables are perfectly fine to eat, and that it’s good for our planet,” said Evan Lutz, the chief executive of Hungry Harvest. Founded in 2014, the company makes weekly shipments of store-rejected produce to homes around the Mid-Atlantic. And when the package arrives, the contents don’t always look like a middle-school science project. Sometimes perfectly normal produce can be rejected by stores for logistical reasons and could wind up in a landfill if not for alternative sellers such as Hungry Harvest. “People are really surprised often times when they get their box [of ugly produce]. It’s really the same stuff you would find in the grocery store,” Lutz said. More Vegetables articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Food stories Wine Natural partners Food Focus on: Thanksgiving desserts Food Focus on: Thanksgiving side dishes Food Focus on: Thanksgiving main dishes Recipes Asian-flavored turkey salad is light follow-up to the big feast     Local Traffic Plan for heavy traffic and stormy weather through Thanksgiving weekend Snow in Cascade passes could reach 2 feet, while heavy rain and strong winds are expected to hit the Willamette Valley Drivers traveling any of Oregon’s highways, freeways or mountain passes this holiday weekend are very likely to face some of the ­heaviest traffic in a decade — and heavy weather as well. The snow that … Eugene Airport gives air travel tips for Thanksgiving week Pedestrian struck, killed on River Road in Eugene Eugene state Sen. Chris Edwards stepping down for administrative job at UO More Local » Food Wine Natural partners The savory goodness of the Thanksgiving meal finds a match in pinot noir White toque aglow in the fading summer evening light, the diminutive Japanese chef swayed perceptibly as he raised a partially filled Riedel pinot noir glass in a toast to his captive audience between what seemed … Focus on: Thanksgiving desserts Focus on: Thanksgiving side dishes Focus on: Thanksgiving main dishes More Food » Discovery Sightseeing Mount Angel Abbey a picture-perfect restorative retreat Historic Willamette Valley site draws visitors to its grand church, bell tower and scenic grounds At Mount Angel Abbey, the eight cast-bronze bells in the looming bell tower peal. Six times a day, seven days a week, they call the resident Order of Saint Benedict monks for vigils, for lauds, … Four seasons of charm at Oregon Garden Plan for a big, cosmic day at air-and-space museum Lighthouse, heavy winds add to Cape Blanco’s awesome allure  More Discovery »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2016 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 66,349 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 61,569 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 40,947 Clinton team is told to contest the election 25,894 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 23,737 This unlikely place may be where WWIII starts 22,315 J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Living Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy I lost half my body weight by walking for my food By David K. Li View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) August 17, 2016 | 2:44pm Modal Trigger Pasquale "Pat" Brocco before and after his dramatic weight loss. Photo: Facebook More On: weight loss Fitness guru who fat-shamed moms admits to weight gain My peanut butter addiction made me fat We used hip-hop to lose 160 pounds How I dropped 110 pounds for my wedding photos It’s the Walmart diet! Pasquale “Pat” BroccoPhoto: Facebook An Arizona man dropped more than 300 pounds — by walking a mile to Walmart to buy his food every time he got hungry. “You walk to Walmart three times a day and you end up walking six miles,” said 31-year-old Pasquale “Pat” Brocco, who three years ago, weighed a gargantuan 605 pounds. “It’s amazing because I never walked six miles in my life and I was doing it every day.” Suffering from high blood pressure and off the charts cholesterol, Brocco knew he needed to take charge of his waistline. “My stomach was down to my thighs. My chest was hanging down here,” Brocco told ABC News showing a photo he snapped of his massive self. “I was disgusted.” When doctors told Brocco he was on the fast track to a graveyard, he decided to make radical changes – such as throwing out junk food and dairy in favor of vegetables, brown rice, quinoa, steel cut oatmeal and lean meats. He decided he was going to work for his food — by schlepping on foot from his pad in Avondale, Ariz., to his local Walmart every time his stomach growled. Pasquale “Pat” BroccoPhoto: Facebook And back then, it growled quite a bit, he admitted. But he never gave in to the temptation to buy ready-made junk — instead loading up on the healthy grub, and cooking it up once he returned home. And the pounds melted away – about 200 less in the first two years. That initial weight loss opened new doors for the man once known as “Fat Pat” – doors to the gym. “I mean, at 600 pounds I couldn’t even go to the gym,” Brocco said. “I didn’t fit on the machines.” He incorporated uphill treadmill walks and weightlifting to his Walmart diet, leading to an overall drop of 330 pounds. “I’m setting an example for my son, so he can be ‘Possible Pat’ too (instead of `Fat Pat’),” said a tearful Brocco. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under health and fitness ,  obesity ,  walmart ,  weight loss Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next You can now zip-line over Niagara Falls Read Next You can now zip-line over Niagara Falls Most Popular This Week 1 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 2 Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House 3 College kids are proving Trump's point 4 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 5 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 6 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 66,604 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 60,835 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 39,278 Clinton team is told to contest the election Now On Youngest Jonas brother busted with marijuana Swizz Beatz latest celeb caught up in Malaysian embezzlement scandal Jeff Bridges slashes mansion asking price by $5M SEE ALL Video :36 Is there a deer in the driver's seat of that ATV?! Now On Michael Che Agrees That ‘SNL’s Coverage Of Donald Trump Was “One-Sided” SEE ALL More Stories pagesix J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Walmart keen to retail processed food in India Walmart keen to retail processed food in India August 17, 2016 23:26 IST A leading Brazilian poultry company has also expressed keen interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future Group to sell their products in the country Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is keen to retail processed food in India after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said on Wednesday. Food processing secretary A K Srivastava said over $1 billion FDI has come in food processing sector during the last two years and with the government now permitting 100 per cent foreign investment in marketing of processed food produced and manufactured in India, "Walmart is showing lot of interest". Also, a leading Brazilian poultry company has expressed keen interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future Group to sell their products in the country, he said but did not identify the company or give details. "The government this year announced 100 per cent FDI in the retail trading of food products produced and manufactured in India. Now this we hope will give a big boost to the food processing sector," he told reporters. Walmart, which previously had tied up with Bharti Group to enter retailing in India, "is already showing lot of interest, he said. "Now we are hoping that they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country". "We recently had meetings with all the ambassadors of the important countries and we have asked them to give this message to their food processing players. We have meeting with industry associations. We have informed them about this initiative. We have asked them to bring players who can invest in India," he said. The official said a Brazilian company "claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us yesterday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets." However, when contacted, a Future Group spokesperson said there is no such development. The US-based Walmart is present in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country. Some of the major investments received in the last two years include Linde Group investment of $200 million in seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh; US-based Mondelez International has inaugurated its new manufacturing plant in Andhra Pradesh. This plant has been set up with an investment of Rs 1,265 crore (Rs 12.65 billion) with an annual capacity of 250,000 tonnes. Mars International India, a leading chocolate maker, has invested $114.63 million in Pune. With a total investment of $33.96 million, Kellogg's unit in Andhra Pradesh provides job to 500 persons. The company is also planning to set up an R&D facility and their third cereal facility in Mumbai. Major investments in the last two years by domestic companies include Patanjali Ayurveda. The company is planning to set up Rs 500 crore (Rs 5 billion) food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh. The state has cleared 400 acres of land for this. It is expected to provide jobs to about 700 people. Photographer: Finbarr O'Reilly/Reuters © Copyright 2016 PTI. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PTI content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. Share this Write a Comment Print this article   MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED ISL: Mumbai seal maiden semis berth after beating Chennai NIA asks banks to freeze Zakir Naik's accounts Opposition takes on Modi over note ban outside Parliament too Saina, Sindhu enter second round in Hong Kong Open Over 93% for demonetisation, PM Modi's app survey reveals 10 questions Modi wants you to answer on demonetisation Govt expects GDP to drop to 5.5% in Oct-Dec 3 FMCG stocks that can make you rich in times of demonetisation Humans of demonetisation After all this fuss, I-T may only probe 1% of assessees! 'By mid-January, transaction problems will be over' Why Sensex and Nifty tanked almost 6% in six trading days BUSTED: 10 demonetisation myths doing the rounds Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND Target adding private bathrooms at all stores Transgender policy costing retailer another $20 million amid slumping sales Published: 08/17/2016 at 1:28 PM Bob Unruh About | Email | Archive Bob Unruh joined WND in 2006 after nearly three decades with the Associated Press, as well as several Upper Midwest newspapers, where he covered everything from legislative battles and sports to tornadoes and homicidal survivalists. He is also a photographer whose scenic work has been used commercially. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Plunging sales and a market cap crash of an estimated $11 billion have convinced Target to try to persuade customers with traditional values that their restrooms still are safe after the company announced earlier this year that people could use the facilities of the gender with which they ‘identify.” On Wednesday, Fortune reported, the company announced plans to spend $20 million to add private single-stall locking bathrooms at all of its stores where that option is not currently offered. The company already has single-stall bathrooms anyone can use at about 1,400 of its 1,800 stores, Target spokesperson Katie Boylan said. The report directly blamed the drop in shopper traffic at least partly on the retailer’s “transgender-friendly” bathroom policy, which the retailer does not intend to alter. Target shoppers will still be allowed to “use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity.” However, Boylan said Target decided to add single-stall, lockable bathrooms in all of its stores “because we’re listening.” The transgender bathroom policy announced in April prompted hundreds of thousands of people to sign petitions and pledges to avoid the retailer. Company officials downplayed the impact of the customer reaction in May when the next quarter report revealed plunging numbers and again this week when the numbers fell further. Cathy Smith, the company’s chief financial officer, admitted in a media briefing this week “some of our guests like and some dislike our inclusive bathroom policy.” The company will work on the renovations until November then shut down work over the Christmas shopping period and resume after the holiday. Are you sick of all the bathroom bullies? Sign WND’s petition and say no to transgender bathroom and dressing room madness! Fortune reported that while Smith “did not say whether the backlash had cost it some business, the announcement of the bathroom policy came at a time pressure on Target was already building from a number of directions.” “For one thing, Target lost quite a bit of shopper traffic in the second quarter because of the disruption from the transition of the pharmacy business it sold last year to CVS Health …  (CVS has undertaken an aggressive marketing campaign to lure customers to its pharmacies within Target stores.) Target also got dinged by a 20 percent drop in Apple … products and customers not taking to its fresh grocery offering,” Fortune said. “So the last thing Target needed was to alienate any of customer base, given that it is a $75 billion-a-year retailer that caters to a wide swathe of America, including socially conservative shoppers.” At the American Thinker, Sierra Rayne pointed out that since April 19, Target “has massively underperformed its main competitors, including Costco, Walmart, Dollar General and Dollar Tree.” The report said Costco’s “market cap change is unchanged from April 19, Walmart is up 1 percent, Dollar General has increased 8.7 percent and Dollar Tree has seen as 11.2 percent rise in market cap over this period. In sharp contrast, Target’s market cap has seen a 20.8 percent decline. “With its pre-‘transgender’ policy stock trend best correlating with Walmart’s, Target’s market cap should currently be up at least one percent relative to the April 19 value, rather than 21 percent down.” The report said, “As a result, the direct costs of the boycott are now at $11 billion and growing.” USA Today notedy Target’s second-quarter earnings fell 9.7 percent to $680 million. Target cited a “difficult retail environment,” and the report said, “Shares of Target fell 6.7 percent in pre-market trading to $70.42.” The Daily Beast noted Smith “did not make the correlation” with the bathroom policy. However, it said, “analysts believe the slump is partially due to shoppers unhappy with the company’s declared ‘pro-inclusivity’ bathroom policy allowing transgender individuals to use the restrooms matching their gender identity.” WND reported in July that, fulfilling the fears of Target policy critics, a man named Sean Patrick Smith, who “identifies as a woman by the name of Shauna Patricia Smith,” was arrested after allegedly taking photographs of women inside a Target dressing room in Ammon, Idaho. The practice has been opposed by groups such as the American Family Association, which launched a petition signed by more than 1.3 million demanding a reversal of the open-door policy. And Franklin Graham, president of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, issued a scathing criticism of Target over what he called a policy that “encourages sexual predators and puts women and children in danger,” as WND reported. WND tracked the alarming trend, reporting incidents of peeping toms at Targets in North Dakota, Massachusetts, Texas and Ohio. According to a 16-year-old girl who visited a Target in Bismarck, North Dakota, a man positioned a phone camera under her door. “When she walked out, the man entered a different dressing room,” reported reported WDAY in Fargo, North Dakota. Are you sick of all the bathroom bullies? Sign WND’s petition and say no to transgender bathroom and dressing room madness! Police looked for another peeping tom in Revere, Massachusetts, who reportedly spied on a 17-year-old girl changing in a Target dressing room. Police provided still photos of the suspect they said was a white male in his 30s with brown hair and a white button-down shirt. He drove a Toyota Prius. Also in May at a Frisco, Texas, Target, a 29-year-old man, Charles Sidney McKissack III, was caught by police after he reportedly used his cell phone to film an underage girl in the women’s dressing room. “Investigators say the suspect put his cell phone over the wall of a female changing room and shot video of the girl,” according to Fox 4 in Dallas. He ran off after the girl saw the camera, but police released footage of him captured by a store camera. And in April, Joshua Sheldon, 33, pleaded guilty to voyeurism in Miami Township, Ohio, after he reportedly looked under a women’s dressing room door in Target. Sheldon was sentenced to 90 days in jail and ordered to pay a $380 fine. He is required to register as a sex offender and stay away from Target stores for two years. Shortly after the new policy and petition, Target’s stock fell from $83.98 per share to $81.33, in just a few hours, as WND previously reported. It then took to even lower levels and has yet to recover. Additional reporting by Chelsea Schilling.   Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Related Stories Judge spanks transgender-obsessed Obama: You lie! Government trying to switch teen's sex without parental consent Judge doubles down against Obama's bathroom plan Fear sweeps churches over bathroom policy Another state tells churches to shut up about transgenders School rule has boys 'bedding down' with girls on overnight trips State Supreme Court jumps into open-restrooms fight Another state issues transgender rules for churches School allows partially clothed boy to 'twerk' in girls locker room Child, 4, world's youngest-ever 'sex change' patient Scholars who smashed 'born that way' hoax to be 'punished' WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Give Islamism an inch, it takes a mile THE HIGH COURT Star Parker Is the safety of Lutheran tots less vital? INVASION USA Barry Farber 'Sanctuary,' anyone? FOR GOD AND COUNTRY Jerry Newcombe Give thanks for the Source of our national greatness ON MISSION Linda Harvey Sin, lies and your 'plastic' brain More Commentary » Deal of the Day 'Alone Yet Not Alone' – $4.95 today only! Incredible and inspiring true story about pioneer families' total reliance on God Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Walmart keen to retail processed food: Secy Press Trust of India | New Delhi Aug 17, 2016 09:22 PM IST Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is keen to retail processed food in India after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said today. Food Processing Secretary A K Srivastava said over USD 1 billion FDI has come in food processing sector during the last two years and with the government now permitting 100 per cent foreign investment in marketing of processed food produced and manufactured in India, "Walmart is showing lot of interest". Also, a leading Brazilian poultry company has expressed keen interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future Group to sell their products in the country, he said but did not identify the company or give details. "The government this year announced 100 per cent FDI in the retail trading of food products produced and manufactured in India. Now this we hope will give a big boost to the food processing sector," he told reporters here. Walmart, which previously had tied up with Bharti Group to enter retailing in India, "is already showing lot of interest, he said. "Now we are hoping that they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country". "We recently had meetings with all the ambassadors of the important countries and we have asked them to give this message to their food processing players. We have meeting with industry associations. We have informed them about this initiative. We have asked them to bring players who can invest in India," he said. The official said a Brazilian company "claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us yesterday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets." However, when contacted, a Future Group spokesperson said there is no such development. The US-based Walmart is present in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country. Some of the major investments received in the last two years include Linde Group investment of USD 200 million in seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh; US-based Mondelez International has inaugurated its new manufacturing plant in Andhra Pradesh. This plant has been set up with an investment of Rs 1,265 crore with an annual capacity of 250,000 tonnes. Mars International India, a leading chocolate maker, has invested USD 114.63 million in Pune. With a total investment of USD 33.96 million, Kellogg's unit in Andhra Pradesh provides job to 500 persons. The company is also planning to set up an R&D facility and their third cereal facility in Mumbai. Major investments in the last two years by domestic companies include Patanjali Ayurveda. The company is planing to set up Rs 500 crore food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh. The state has cleared 400 acres of land for this. It is expected to provide jobs to about 700 people. (REOPENS DCM 106) "As we have said earlier, the decision by the government to allow 100 per cent FDI under government approval route, including through e-commerce in trading of food products manufactured and/or produced in India is very progressive and far reaching," said Krish Iyer, President and CEO, Walmart India. He said this step will help in reducing wastage, assist farm diversification and encourage industry to produce within the country. "This move will benefit farmers, give impetus to food processing industry and create vast employment opportunities in the country. We are evaluating the model as per the guidelines announced," Iyer added. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs PWD may use machines for pothole-filling across state Assam's crusader against witch-hunting Rabha receives award PIL seeking ban on registration of unapproved plots in Pondy TRS govt "insensitive" to woes of people: Telangana Cong Rs 1.20 lakh crore deposited in SBI [ more ] Top Stories Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim [ more ] Markets Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Companies Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Donald Trump moderates views but defies conventions Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business MoD's blacklisting policy for arms vendors has few of the promised changes [ more ] Today's Paper Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtH4B Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Investing IPOs0 Why Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Technology0 Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Trading Strategies0 There's Huge "Downside" Profit Potential Here, Courtesy of the President-Elect Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1 Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Before You Sit Down to Watch the Lions Get Beat, Here's One Football Story You Need to Know It’s been a turbulent year for the fantasy-sports biz. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing IPOs0 Why Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Technology0 Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Trading Strategies0 There's Huge "Downside" Profit Potential Here, Courtesy of the President-Elect Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1 Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Our New Alibaba Stock Price Prediction Shows Shares Quadrupling Message: URL: http://mney.co/2biWyeh  +  three  =  seven Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Our New Alibaba Stock Price Prediction Shows Shares Quadrupling Message: URL: http://mney.co/2biWyeh 3  −  one  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Stocksno responses Our New Alibaba Stock Price Prediction Shows Shares Quadrupling By Diane Alter, Contributing Writer, Money Morning • August 17, 2016 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 9  ×  one  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The Alibaba stock price has jumped 19.1% year to date, but that's just the start for BABA shares. In fact, our newest Alibaba stock price prediction shows shares quadrupling from here. Before we share our latest BABA stock prediction, here's why the Alibaba stock price is outperforming the markets lately… Alibaba Group Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BABA) shares have been climbing since reporting strong Q2 2016 results on Aug. 11. The Alibaba stock price hit a 52-week high of $92.76 after posting much better than expected Q2 results. Earnings per share of $0.74 easily beat the expected $0.63. Revenue rose 59% to $4.84 billion. Gross merchandise volume (GMV), the amount of money spent over its platforms, climbed 24.4%. Mobile revenue in China surged 119.3% to 17.51 billion yuan ($2.6 billion). Monthly mobile active users soared 39%. The company achieved a major milestone during the quarter when it recorded higher monetization of mobile users than non-mobile users for the first time. In the week following earnings, the Alibaba stock price continued to climb, setting a new 52-week high of $98.86. And earnings aren't the only reason the Alibaba stock price is soaring. The company's global expansion plans have been another major catalyst… Urgent: This penny stock could double its current price – and also save a dying industry. Click here to learn more… In April, Alibaba purchased Singapore-based online retailer Lazada Group for about $1 billion to boost its presence in Southeast Asia. Last year, the company launched a Netflix-like streaming business. Alibaba has also been venturing into cloud computing and driverless vehicles. Paid users to Alibaba's cloud business increased to 577,000 in Q2 from 263,000 last year. Revenue in that segment jumped 156%. And we're not the only ones with huge Alibaba stock price predictions. The average 12-month price target among analysts is now $107.89. That would be a gain of 12.2% from today's opening price. But we think those Alibaba stock price predictions are much too conservative. Money Morning Executive Editor Bill Patalon is looking far past the next 12 months, and he sees BABA soaring… "I don't care what the stock does over the next six months, year, or even 18 months," Patalon said. "I'm gunning for much bigger gains." Here's why he sees the stock quadrupling from here… Why the Alibaba Stock Price Will Return Massive Long-Term Gains Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Alibaba Stock Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 4  −  four  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Before You Sit Down to Watch the Lions Get Beat, Here's One Football Story You Need to Know Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald IPOsWhy Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading StrategiesTriple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1How to Invest After the Election TechnologyMove Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity TechnologyEverything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading StrategiesHow Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit StocksOur "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now OilWhy the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Trading StrategiesYou Won't Believe How Profitable the Next Four Years Could Be Stocks1This Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 Latest News November 23, 2016 By Diane Alter Leave a Comment Why Silver Prices Are Down Today and Where They're Heading November 23, 2016 By Shah Gilani Leave a Comment Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move November 23, 2016 By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment Will the Stock Market Crash After the FOMC Meeting? Related Content Will the Stock Market Crash After the FOMC Meeting? One of the Best Defense Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office Is Investing in Marijuana Stocks Safe? What Causes a Stock Market Crash? Trending Posts 5022 Reads 19 Likes Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Donald Trump's planned energy policy has thrown the future of one vital resource into question. The consequences won't just impact the U.S. energy sector... 4024 Reads 1237 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. Today's Markets DJIA 39.10 (0.21%) 19,062.97 NASDAQ -20.25 (0.38%) 5,366.10 S&P -1.72 (0.08%) 2,201.22 BABA 0.45 (0.48%) 92.76 WMT 0.67 (0.96%) 70.79 NFLX 0.60 (0.51%) 117.44 AMZN -7.54 (0.96%) 777.79 MSFT 0.81 (-1.33%) 60.31 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us YOUR PROFIT ALERTS Enjoy our new, free service that helps you make more money! When it comes to successfully profiting from the markets, timing is everything. Getting “in” before a stock makes its decisive move is a key part of growing your wealth and achieving financial freedom. Now Money Morning Profit Alerts lets you do just that... Get ahead of top profit opportunities by picking your areas of interest from the list below. You’ll get all our new money-making research in that area as soon as we release each update. It’s easy and free and you can add to your Profit Alert preferences at any time. Remember to hit “Save” to get started after you’ve picked your alerts.
null
null
Walmart keen to retail processed food: Secy By Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is keen to retail processed food in India after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said today. Buy Tata Motors; target of Rs 622: KR Choksey - Sameer Sawhney appointed Srei Infra CEO News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Aug 17, 2016, 10.32 PM | Source: PTI Walmart keen to retail processed food: Secy Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is keen to retail processed food in India after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said today. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Walmart keen to retail processed food: Secy Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is keen to retail processed food in India after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said today. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is keen to retail processed food in India after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said today. Food Processing Secretary A K Srivastava said over USD 1 billion FDI has come in food processing sector during the last two years and with the government now permitting 100 per cent foreign investment in marketing of processed food produced and manufactured in India, "Walmart is showing lot of interest". Also, a leading Brazilian poultry company has expressed keen interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future Group to sell their products in the country, he said but did not identify the company or give details. "The government this year announced 100 per cent FDI in the retail trading of food products produced and manufactured in India. Now this we hope will give a big boost to the food processing sector," he told reporters here. Walmart, which previously had tied up with Bharti Group to enter retailing in India, "is already showing lot of interest, he said. "Now we are hoping that they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country". "We recently had meetings with all the ambassadors of the important countries and we have asked them to give this message to their food processing players. We have meeting with industry associations. We have informed them about this initiative. We have asked them to bring players who can invest in India," he said. The official said a Brazilian company "claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us yesterday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets." However, when contacted, a Future Group spokesperson said there is no such development. The US-based Walmart is present in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country. Some of the major investments received in the last two years include Linde Group investment of USD 200 million in seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh; US-based Mondelez International has inaugurated its new manufacturing plant in Andhra Pradesh. This plant has been set up with an investment of Rs 1,265 crore with an annual capacity of 250,000 tonnes. Mars International India, a leading chocolate maker, has invested USD 114.63 million in Pune. With a total investment of USD 33.96 million, Kellogg's unit in Andhra Pradesh provides job to 500 persons. The company is also planning to set up an R&D facility and their third cereal facility in Mumbai. Major investments in the last two years by domestic companies include Patanjali Ayurveda. The company is planing to set up Rs 500 crore food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh. The state has cleared 400 acres of land for this. It is expected to provide jobs to about 700 people. PTI RR KRH MJH ANZ . Tags  PTI Walmart world's largest retailer processed food in India Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Walmart keen to retail processed food: Secy See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Demonetisation: Samir Arora not hopeful of consumer stocks picking up in 6 mnths Ex TCS CEO says at no point Tata Grp intended to sell co to IBM GST Council meet slated for Nov 25 stands cancelled NABARD bonanza to farmers an excellent step: MFI Network 7 Indian startups to join Google Launchpad Accelerator prog Survey on Modi App: 93% support demonetisation SBI slashes bulk term deposit rates by 125-190 bps across tenors USFDA issues warning letter to Wockhardt's UK facility Cadila's 20k bottles of anti-depressant recalled in US See all Video of the day Earnings to grow at 2-3% in FY17; mkt migration to happen: Ambit Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
Press Esc to close Thursday 24 November 2016 News updated at 12:37 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 31.9°C Min : 16.6°C In Bengaluru clear sky  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Police stops JNU students from marching to Parliament      Amartya Sen's 9-year-long association with Nalanda Univ ends      US computer scientists urge Clinton to challenge poll result      5 foreign nationals booked for misbehaving on Air India flight      BCCI never responded to ICC mails on Indo-Pak women's matches      Music lovers bid tearful adieu to Balamuralikrishna      F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim      Demonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to opposition      Zee to acquire TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in radio biz      Indian-American Nikki Haley's steep political rise continues      Rupee tanks to 9-mth low on strong dollar scare, outflows      NIA asks banks to freeze accounts of Naik, IRF      IIT Kharagpur ranked top varsity in India in international survey      India lose 2-3 to Australia in four-nation hockey opener      Jan Dhan account deposits swell, mobilise Rs 21,000 cr      Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners      Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access      RS Dy Chairman pulls up Minister; puts Anand Sharma on the mat      Sebi boosts start-up funding, relaxes rules for angel funds      Pak wooing Indians opposed to Modi's extremist policies: Aziz      Pak says four of its citizens killed in shelling by India      Woman arrested for beating three-year-old son to death      Body of missing IIT aspirant from Bihar found in Kota river      Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore      SC expresses disappointment over Centre not appointing Lokpal      Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support      New vehicles to have digital tag for toll payments      'No state transport service to 257 villages due to bad roads'      I'm no cheat, says du Plessis after tampering row      Trump nominates Indian-American Nikki Haley as US envoy to UN      Twitter boss briefly suspended from his own network      BCCI furious as ICC docks eves for not playing Pakistan      Demonetisation: India moving towards formal economy, says Kant      Unable to withdraw money for exam fees, teen hangs self: Cops      'Hail Trump' chant divisive and contrary to American values:WH      Govt asks NABARD to disburse Rs 21K crore to farmers      'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment'      Protests by united Oppn leads to RS adjournment till 2 PM      Pakistan warns against use of water as an instrument of coercion      No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt      SC refuses to stay demonetisation proceedings in various HCs      Lok Sabha proceedings washed out for 5th day over demonetisation      Goa: Video of assault on local cricketer goes viral, 2 held      L&T lays off 14,000 employees during Apr-Sept      Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling      Civilians flee as Syrian regime advances in rebel held Aleppo      Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000-mark      Trump indicates u-turn on climate change, jailing Clinton     You are here: Home » Business » Walmart keen to retail processed food in India: Secy Walmart keen to retail processed food in India: Secy New Delhi, Aug 17, 2016, PTI: Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is keen to retail processed food in India after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said today. Food Processing Secretary A K Srivastava said over USD 1 billion FDI has come in food processing sector during the last two years and with the government now permitting 100 per cent foreign investment in marketing of processed food produced and manufactured in India, "Walmart is showing lot of interest". Also, a leading Brazilian poultry company has expressed keen interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future Group to sell their products in the country, he said but did not identify the company or give details. "The government this year announced 100 per cent FDI in the retail trading of food products produced and manufactured in India. Now this we hope will give a big boost to the food processing sector," he told reporters here. Walmart, which previously had tied up with Bharti Group to enter retailing in India, "is already showing lot of interest, he said. "Now we are hoping that they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country". "We recently had meetings with all the ambassadors of the important countries and we have asked them to give this message to their food processing players. We have meeting with industry associations. We have informed them about this initiative. We have asked them to bring players who can invest in India," he said. The official said a Brazilian company "claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us yesterday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets." However, when contacted, a Future Group spokesperson said there is no such development. The US-based Walmart is present in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country. Some of the major investments received in the last two years include Linde Group investment of USD 200 million in seafood segment in Andhra Pradesh; US-based Mondelez International has inaugurated its new manufacturing plant in Andhra Pradesh. This plant has been set up with an investment of Rs 1,265 crore with an annual capacity of 250,000 tonnes. Mars International India, a leading chocolate maker, has invested USD 114.63 million in Pune. With a total investment of USD 33.96 million, Kellogg's unit in Andhra Pradesh provides job to 500 persons. The company is also planning to set up an R&D facility and their third cereal facility in Mumbai. Major investments in the last two years by domestic companies include Patanjali Ayurveda. The company is planing to set up Rs 500 crore food processing unit in Madhya Pradesh. The state has cleared 400 acres of land for this. It is expected to provide jobs to about 700 people. Go to Top Tweet Videos New Rs. 2,000 notes recovered from gunned... Its Unfortunate that some people are still... TPP is not the end Final days for French graffiti ghost town... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Mamata, Kejriwal attack Modi over demonetisation Long queues outside banks a 'serious issue', says SC I-T raids on Janardhana Reddy's Obulapuram company in Bellary Mamata's show of strength gets JD-U, SP and NCP support Demonetisation: Govt provides relief to farmers, families celebrating weddings 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Oppn seeks demonetisation debate in LS under voting rule Demonetisation nightmare Financial Inclusion: Threats dwarf opportunities Pitfalls of a secretive economic manoeuvre Heart diseases & healthy habits Mobile skilling centres: India's way to prosperity Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners This woman aims to clean up tanks Demonetisation nightmare Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Chris Martin steals the show by singing 'Vande Mataram' Will Modi's gamble win votes? Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support Photo Gallery Fire fighters trying to douse a fire which broke out in a four storey building at Sadar Bazar market A massive fire broke out at an oil pump at Dhanamanjuri College campus Imphal ... An injured elephant and its calf after they accidentally fell into a pit... Women carrying weed on their heads during a foggy day in Srinagar... A view of sunset in Shimla ... Rahul Gandhi with MP's of Opposition parties during a protest outside Parliament... Security personnel showing the arms ammunition recovered from Maoists after an encounter ... A security jawan stands guard during a foggy day in Srinagar... Rescue operation in progress after a truck fell down in River Ganga from a bridge.... A former rowing his boat loaded with radish at interior Dal Lake during a foggy day... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Walmart keen to enter India's food processing sector: Official Press Trust of India | New Delhi Aug 17, 2016 08:07 PM IST Global retail major Walmart has shown interest in entering India's food processing sector after the government relaxed foreign investment norms, a top official said today. "Walmart is showing lot of interest. Now we are hoping that they will come on their own and they will add to the growth story of this country," Food Processing Secretary A K Srivastava said while briefing reporters about the investments in the sector in the last two years. He also said that a leading Brazilian poultry company has expressed keen interest in joining hands with Kishore Biyani's Future Group to sell their products in the country. "A Brazilian company claiming to be world's leading exporter in poultry sector met us yesterday. They want to tie up with Biyani's Future Group to use their retail outlets," he added. However, when contacted, a Future Group spokesperson said there is no such development. To give a boost and attract foreign investments in the sector, the government recently permitted 100 per cent FDI in retailing of processed food produced and manufactured in India. The US-based Walmart is present in the cash-and-carry retail format in the country. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs PWD may use machines for pothole-filling across state Assam's crusader against witch-hunting Rabha receives award PIL seeking ban on registration of unapproved plots in Pondy TRS govt "insensitive" to woes of people: Telangana Cong Rs 1.20 lakh crore deposited in SBI [ more ] Top Stories Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim [ more ] Markets Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Companies Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Donald Trump moderates views but defies conventions Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business MoD's blacklisting policy for arms vendors has few of the promised changes [ more ] Today's Paper Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGtH2I Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Will Wal-Mart Ever Go Head to Head with Amazon? Q2 Earnings Call May Offer Insight, Timeline The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 17, 2016 10:45am   Comments Share: When Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) reports Q2 earnings ahead of the market open on Thursday, analysts and investors already will be braced for a decline in profit amid top-line sales that are expected to be relatively flat compared to last year. What they’ll really want to know about is the e-commerce strategy of the world’s largest retailer. That’s important in its own right, given the stiff and growing competition brick-and-mortar retailers face regularly with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). WMT analysts say they want to hear more color behind the recent announcement that WMT purchased Jet.com, which promotes itself as a lower-priced alternative to AMZN, for $3.3 billion. The cash-and-stock deal is an attempt to help WMT grow its e-commerce site, the company said in a press release. WMT’s online business generates about $14 billion in sales, large by most accounts but still much smaller than AMZN’s $100 billion enterprise. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," Chief Executive Doug McMillon, said in the release. "We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. “Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we're pursuing will happen quicker, and we'll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time,” he added. “Our customers will win. It's another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” But analysts say they want to know how WMT will integrate and position the business into its e-commerce platform even though the company said the two brands would stay distinct. Will the acquisition be accretive to or sap earnings? If a drain, what’s the timeline for profitability? How does WMT see itself competing against AMZN with this purchase? How quickly can it ramp up staff, cut overlap and integrate cultures, something some analysts suggest might be challenging given the startup’s looser ethos? Beyond that, analysts also want to know how WMT is dealing with its self-imposed rising labor costs. Last year, WMT upped its hourly wage to $10 an hour from $9 and instituted new training, moves its chief financial officer warned investors would subtract some $1.5 billion from profits this year. Do those projections still hold? Executives have said that Q2 same-store sales, a key growth measure in the retail industry, would rise for the eighth straight quarter, at around 1%. Are the store improvements paying off? At Thomson Reuters, the analyst consensus stands at $1.02 per-share profit, down roughly 6% from year-ago earnings. Revenues are projected to be flat, coming in at $120.37 billion from $120.22 billion last year. Short-term options traders have priced in a 3% potential share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator on the thinkorswim® platform by TD Ameritrade. There’s been active in the options market at the 75-strike calls and the 70-strike puts. The implied volatility is at the 31st percentile. (Please remember past performance is no guarantee of future results.) Note: Call options represent the right, but not the obligation, to buy the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Put options represent the right, but not the obligation, to sell the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time.   TD Ameritrade and all third parties mentioned are separate and unaffiliated companies, and are not responsible for each other’s policies or services.   Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold.   Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions.   Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success.   Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options.   Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request.   The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading.   TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission.  Posted-In: Earnings News Futures Markets Reviews General © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) Watch Stocks In Vogue Earnings Season Winds Down: Dollar Stores Prepare To Face Off Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results Wal-Mart's Soft Q4 Guidance Doesn't Rock Baird Analyst's Positive View 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 BGFV, SPU: 15 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 AVXL, DRYS: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 GWPH: What To Expect From GW Pharma's Upcoming Round Of Pr... 4 PANW, BRCD: Keep an Eye on These 7 Stocks for November 21, 2016 5 CPB, PANW: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 6 CPRT, CISG: Earnings Scheduled For Novem... 7 CUDA, FEYE: Palo Alto: This Cy... 1 USDA Monthly Cold Storage Report 2 BUD: Buy A Bud Light, Win Super Bowl Tickets For Life 3 Trading Forex Markets With Nadex Binaries And Spreads 4 INTC, GOOGL: Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot 5 TSN: Tyson Poised For A Rebound, Vetr Crowd Says 6 XLY: Dan Deming's Consumer Discretionary SPDR ETF Trade 7 CMA, UA: Bad Boys Are Back In Town: Detroit Pistons Return Dow... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Using Binary Options To Trade Economic Events Philly Fed Manufacturing Due Out Thursday For Trade Opp
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology History & Facts Philanthropy & Engagement Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Content Service Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology History & Facts Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Content Service Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech Silicon Valley Global Tech Venture Capital Hacking Digital Media Pursuits Autos Food Timepieces Style Travel Property Art Scene Politics With All Due Respect Delegate Tracker Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast What The Voters Are Streaming Editors' Picks Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Industries Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO Board Directors Forum Sponsored Content Sign InSubscribe Walmart’s Out-of-Control Crime Problem Is Driving Police Crazy The retailer’s aggressive cost cutting has unintended consequences. By Shannon Pettypiece and David Voreacos | August 17, 2016 Photographs by Johnathon Kelso for Bloomberg Businessweek From Officer Ross: “I’ve got all my bad guys in one place.” Darrell Ross—Officer Walmart to his colleagues in the Tulsa Police Department—operates for up to 10 hours a day out of the security office of a Walmart Supercenter in the city’s northeast corner. It’s a small, windowless space with six flatscreen monitors mounted on a pale blue cinder-block wall, and on this hot summer day, the room is packed. Four Walmart employees watch the monitors, which toggle among the dozens of cameras covering the store and parking lot, while doing paperwork and snacking on Cheez Whiz and Club Crackers. In a corner of the room, an off-duty sheriff’s officer, hired by Walmart, makes small talk with the employees. As soon as Ross walks in the door, around 2 p.m., he’s presented with an 18-year-old who tried to leave the store with a microwave oven. Ross focuses his gaze and talks in a low voice to the young man, who just graduated from high school and plans to go into the military. He also attempts to calm the boy’s mother, who rushed to the store and is worried that her son won’t be able to enlist if he gets a criminal record. “You need to start taking responsibility for your actions,” Ross tells the teenager. “You’re a man now.” He tells the mother that because it was the boy’s first offense, he won’t be arrested—but if he messes up twice more, he’ll be charged with a felony. Ross slips a pair of reading glasses out of his bulletproof vest and writes the young man a summons to appear in court. Featured in Bloomberg Businessweek, August 22-28, 2016. Subscribe now. Photographer: Johnathon Kelso for Bloomberg Businessweek Before he can finish the paperwork, Walmart security employees catch another shoplifter. They bring in a middle-aged woman with big sunken eyes and pale cheeks, her hair tied in a messy bun. Employees caught her using phony gift cards. She rattles off excuses: The cards were given to her by a friend, she’s just gotten out of the hospital, she’s dehydrated. At one point she pretends to vomit into a trash can. Picking up the odor of pot, Ross takes a look in her handbag and finds marijuana roaches, along with a small scale and a pill bottle full of baggies. A computer check reveals five outstanding warrants for her arrest. It’s not unusual for the department to send a van to transport all the criminals Ross arrests at this Walmart. The call log on the store stretches 126 pages, documenting more than 5,000 trips over the past five years. Last year police were called to the store and three other Tulsa Walmarts just under 2,000 times. By comparison, they were called to the city’s four Target stores about 300 times. Most of the calls to the northeast Supercenter were for shoplifting, but there’s no shortage of more serious crimes, including five armed robberies so far this year, a murder suspect who killed himself with a gunshot to the head in the parking lot last year, and, in 2014, a group of men who got into a parking lot shootout that killed one and seriously injured two others. Police reports from dozens of stores suggest the number of petty crimes committed on Walmart properties nationwide this year will be in the hundreds of thousands. But people dashing out the door with merchandise is the least troubling part of Walmart’s crime problem. More than 200 violent crimes, including attempted kidnappings and multiple stabbings, shootings, and murders, have occurred at the nation’s 4,500 Walmarts this year, or about one a day, according to an analysis of media reports. Sometimes they’re spectacular enough to get national attention. In June, a SWAT team killed a hostage taker at a Walmart in Amarillo, Texas. In July, three Walmart employees in Florida were charged with manslaughter after a shoplifter they chased and pinned down died of asphyxia. Other crimes are just bizarre. On Aug. 8, police discovered a meth lab inside a 6-foot-high drainage pipe under a Walmart parking lot in Amherst, N.Y. “It’s ridiculous—we are talking about the biggest retailer in the world. I may have half my squad there for hours” All this is still happening more than a year into a corporate campaign to bring down crime—a campaign Walmart says is succeeding. Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon, who took charge of the giant retailer in February 2014, has made reducing crime a top priority. The company’s new strategy primarily involves shifting employees within stores—moving them from the storeroom and aisles to store exits, where some of them spot-check receipts. It’s also stationing people at self-checkout areas, installing eye-level security cameras in high-theft areas (particularly electronics and cosmetics departments), and using data analytics to detect when people try to get credit for things they didn’t buy (thieves love to find discarded receipts in the parking lot, then go into the store, gather up items on the list, and “return” them for cash). To cut down on calls to police, Walmart has been rolling out a program where first-time offenders caught stealing merchandise below a certain value can avoid arrest if they agree to go through a theft-prevention program. At some higher-crime stores, the company is also hiring off-duty police and private security officers. According to Walmart Stores executives, it’s all starting to work. Police chiefs and their officers on the ground say that’s just not so. Ross likes to joke that the concentration of crime at Walmart makes his job easier. “I’ve got all my bad guys in one place,” he says, flashing a bright smile. His squad’s sergeant, Robert Rohloff, a 34-year police veteran who has to worry about staffing, budgets, and patrolling the busiest commercial district in Tulsa, says there’s nothing funny about Walmart’s impact on public safety. He can’t believe, he says, that a multibillion-dollar corporation isn’t doing more to stop crime. Instead, he says, it offloads the job to the police at taxpayers’ expense. “It’s ridiculous—we are talking about the biggest retailer in the world,” says Rohloff. “I may have half my squad there for hours.” An employee in the Beech Grove, Ind., parking lot. Photographer: Johnathon Kelso Walmart knows police departments are frustrated. “We absolutely understand how important this is. It is important for our associates, it is important for our customers and across the communities we serve,” says Judith McKenna, Walmart’s chief operating officer for the U.S. “We can do better.” But when? That’s what law enforcement around the country wants to know. “The constant calls from Walmart are just draining,” says Bill Ferguson, a police captain in Port Richey, Fla. “They recognize the problem and refuse to do anything about it.” There’s nothing inevitable about the level of crime at Walmart. It’s the direct, if unintended, result of corporate policy. Beginning as far back as 2000, when former CEO Lee Scott took over, an aggressive cost-cutting crusade led many stores to deteriorate. The famed greeters were removed, taking away a deterrent to theft at the porous entrances and exits. Self-checkout scanners replaced many cashiers. Walmart added stores faster than it hired employees. The company has one worker for every 524 square feet of retail space, a 19 percent increase in space per employee from a decade ago. In terms of profit, all this has worked: Sales per employee in the U.S. have grown 23 percent in the past decade, to $236,804. For criminals, however, the cutbacks were like sending out a message that no one at Walmart cared, no one was watching, and no one was likely to catch you. Fixing the problem comes down to money. When McMillon became CEO, he established an ambitious program to fix up long-neglected stores, starting with making them cleaner and stocking them better. Then, in early 2015, came a push to crack down on shoplifting. Experts say that should have additional public safety benefits: Less petty crime typically means less violent crime. Outside the Supercenter in Beech Grove. Photographer: Johnathon Kelso Police departments inevitably compare their local Walmarts with Target stores. Target, Walmart’s largest competitor, is a different kind of retail business, with mostly smaller stores that tend to be located in somewhat more affluent neighborhoods. But there are other reasons Targets have less crime. Unlike most Walmarts, they’re not open 24 hours a day. Nor do they allow people to camp overnight in their parking lots, as Walmarts do. Like Walmart, Target relies heavily on video surveillance, but it employs sophisticated software that can alert the store security office when shoppers spend too much time in front of merchandise or linger for long periods outside after closing time. The biggest difference, police say, is simply that Targets have more staff visible in stores. “Target doesn’t have these problems,” says Ferguson. “Part of it may be the lower prices at Walmart or where Walmart is located, but when I walk into Target I see uniformed security or someone walking around up front. You see no one at Walmart. It just seems like an easy target.” A Target spokeswoman declined to comment on the two companies’ security policies. A more apt comparison may be shopping centers, which like Walmarts are sprawling and attract thousands of shoppers a day. Unlike Walmart, shopping centers tend to invest heavily in uniformed security patrols and off-duty police. “Shopping centers all have security; they know it’s an expense, but one they know pays dividends because people feel safer going to their stores,” says J.R. Roberts, an independent consultant and a former director for risk management at Valor Security Services, a provider of security to shopping centers. “It doesn’t make any sense why Walmart wouldn’t apply this the way every mall does in the U.S.” “They simply lack the retail business background to understand how important security is” Walmart developed its current anticrime measures with the help of Read Hayes, director of the Loss Prevention Research Council, a kind of think tank funded by big retailers. Hayes’s specialty is the shopping environment, the retail aisles; he’s now searching, he says, for the right mix of new electronic surveillance and visual cues to tell would-be thieves they might get caught. “They need to recognize it, believe it, and be threatened by it,” he says. “My mantra is: See it, get it, fear it.” Hayes says Walmart is serious about bringing down crime. “They aren’t ignoring it,” he says. “They are right in the thick of it. But it’s a titanic company. It’s going to take a while. Go hang out in a Walmart. It’s just amazing. Sometimes, what happens in a store like a Walmart can be scary.” No one disputes that. The question is whether Walmart is moving as fast as it can. Its executives “could clean it up in a matter of a year were they to be given the financial support from the board,” says Burt Flickinger, managing director of retailing consultant Strategic Resource Group. Eight of the nine nonfamily members of the Walmart board come from academia or nonretail companies, including former PepsiCo CEO Steven Reinemund and Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer. Three officers are members of the Walton family, including the chairman of the board, Gregory Penner, a venture capitalist who is the son-in-law of fellow board member Rob Walton, a son of Walmart founder Sam Walton. “The board doesn’t want profits to fall,” says Flickinger. “They simply lack the retail business background to understand how important security is.” No board member agreed to be interviewed for this story, but the company disputes that it puts profit before people. “Safety and security is a priority of our leadership team,” says McKenna. She says the company has the right level of security at its stores and is always evaluating its strategy and staffing. Flickinger says getting dramatic results wouldn’t be complicated. It would just cost a lot. He, like many other Walmart watchers, thinks McMillon is heading in the right direction with the changes he’s making, including spending $2.7 billion on higher wages and training to boost morale and attract higher-caliber employees. It just isn’t nearly enough, he says. He estimates the number of crimes at Walmart’s U.S. stores could be halved with the addition of 250,000 part-time employees on top of the more than 1 million full-time and part-time retail workers the company already has. Even that much new hiring wouldn’t get the company to the number of employees per square foot it had in 2006. The cost would be about $3.25 billion a year, or about a quarter of Walmart’s profit last year of $14 billion. Flickinger argues that Walmart can’t afford not to invest heavily to expand its workforce if it wants cleaner, more orderly, better-performing, and ultimately safer stores. “It pays for itself,” he says. “To get back to that high-performing level of the late 1990s, it’s going to take a lot more money.” Walmart rejects this view, saying it has all the workers it needs and merely has to better train them and continue redeploying workers according to its plan. Security experts say there’s another way to reduce crime: Hire much more security, including more off-duty, uniformed police. At $35 an hour, a typical rate in many cities, 12 hours of police coverage a day would cost each store about $150,000 a year. Multiply that by the company’s 3,500 Supercenters—the largest stores and the sites of most of the serious crime—and it would cost half a billion dollars a year. Walmart decides on the security budget for each store based in part on a database of how much crime happens on its properties. The company doesn’t share those figures. It also works with an outside data analysis company, Cap Index, which assigns each store a risk score, based on a determination of the likelihood of different types of crimes occurring there. The index relies on data including neighborhood demographics, local housing values, national and local crime statistics, and internal company records of theft. These scores range from zero to 2,000, with 100 being the average for a given county or state. A score of 1,000, for instance, would mean a crime is 10 times more likely to occur at a particular store than at a statistically typical address in that county or state. Walmart says it performs regular crime audits of its security measures and adjusts spending for each store. It won’t reveal the risk score for any individual store. According to laws in every state in the U.S., Walmart has a duty to protect its customers from violent crime while they’re on store property. Under an area of the law known as premise liability, victims and their lawyers have argued in hundreds of lawsuits that Walmart failed to provide enough security. To prevail, plaintiffs must prove that a violent crime was reasonably foreseeable based on a history of violent crimes at a particular Walmart. “They’re not easy cases,” says Memphis attorney Bruce Kramer, who has sued Walmart multiple times on behalf of clients who were the victims of violent crimes occurring on company property. “Proving what the duty is and the foreseeability issue is always difficult. You have a certain mindset of jurors who say, ‘Why are you holding the business responsible for the acts of this criminal?’ ” Walmart’s lawyers typically argue that the company couldn’t have foreseen the crime in question and that it took reasonable steps to keep customers safe. It tries at every opportunity to keep its crime database secret. Even in litigation, when it must produce company records under court seal, its lawyers have wrangled for months or even years to limit access to its records, arguing the information is proprietary. “Nothing compares to the way Walmart litigates cases,” says attorney Christopher Marlowe. He fought Walmart for several years over a lawsuit he filed in 2010 on behalf of a woman who was abducted outside a store in DeFuniak Springs, Fla., and repeatedly raped. Marlowe said in a court filing that he learned only in 2013 of the database, which documented “precisely the sort of incidents” he sought for more than two years. Walmart’s lawyer, he said, “led everyone to believe that crime data retrieval was a great mystery—a query of inconceivable proportions.” Walmart denied liability in the case. The company eventually settled for an undisclosed sum. Mayor Buckley of Beech Grove Photographer: Johnathon Kelso Dennis Buckley found a way to get Walmart moving faster on crime: shaming and threats. A blunt former fire chief, Buckley is the mayor of Beech Grove, Ind., an Indianapolis suburb with a population of 14,000. He’d been swamped with complaints from his police chief about the daily calls to Walmart. He demanded action from Walmart’s local lawyer, as did the City Council. Nothing happened. Then, in June of last year, Buckley reached his limit. He received news that a local woman had been killed and her grandson seriously injured in a car crash caused by a Walmart shoplifter fleeing police. Later that day, he learned his town had become a laughingstock. A YouTube video of a fight at the Beech Grove Walmart was going viral. It showed two women, one riding a motorized scooter, the other accompanied by a 6-year-old boy, in a furious fistfight that turned into a profane wrestling match in the shampoo aisle. The video also contained glimpses of jeering bystanders recording the action on their phones. By the time Buckley saw the video, it had been viewed millions of times. Enraged by the circus atmosphere around the video, he denounced Walmart on Facebook and in the local media. “The Beech Grove Walmart is NOT a good corporate partner,” he posted. The YouTube video “was embarrassing to the City of Beech Grove and the people who live in our beautiful city. Walmart should be ashamed of itself once again for failing to control the people who enter their store.” Regional Walmart executives asked for a meeting with Buckley and Craig Wiley, the city attorney. “You could tell by their body language that they came to the meeting with a very conciliatory tone, and they were going to get their arms around the problem,” Wiley says. Walmart promised to hire security and extend a fence on the rear of its property, which barred an easy exit for shoplifters into a retirement community. It said it would skip calling the cops for first-time offenders shoplifting merchandise valued below $50 if the shoplifter completes the company’s theft-prevention program. Buckley was pleased. But in the weeks following the meeting, Walmart dragged its heels. Buckley went public again, this time appearing on national cable news. “Walmart Beech Grove is draining our police resources,” he told Fox Business Network. “It’s the string of terrible events that have been occurring down there over the past two months that have led me to instruct our police chief to declare the Walmart a public nuisance.” That meant the threat of a $2,500 fine for every call to the police. Walmart now pays for off-duty police to man the store, and the pressure on the local police has eased. A year later, Buckley is pleased, but it still irks him that he had to go to such measures to get Walmart to act. “Cities really need to put their thumb down and get them to the table,” he says. “It’s taken a long time, but they can really be good partners if they want to be.” Ross Photographer: Johnathon Kelso The Tulsa Supercenter hasn’t had its happy ending. The store has seen several changes mandated by Walmart headquarters, including more visible security monitors, greeters at the doors, and changes to the self-checkout section, but Officer Ross says it’s business as usual. The mentality hasn’t changed; criminals still think of this store as theirs. And Ross knows the answers aren’t always simple. Three hours into his shift, security employees bring in a young woman who’d been wandering around the store with an older man. They’d spotted her slipping on a pair of $15 gray sneakers, then attempting to leave without paying. The woman, in capri leggings and a hoodie, is brought to Ross. She turns her head and reveals an enormous black eye on the left side of her face. Ross moves toward her, and she instinctively flinches—a telltale sign of domestic abuse, he later says. He tucks his hands inside his bulletproof vest and relaxes his broad shoulders, making himself seem a bit smaller, a bit less intimidating. “Is he the one who did this to you?” he asks, motioning to her eye. She knows who he’s talking about. She says yes, and her eyes well with tears. The dingy office, filled with jokes and light banter seconds before, falls silent. This little corner of the giant store has turned into a counseling center. As mascara and tears streak down her red cheeks, the woman apologizes for stealing. She talks about how she’s been an alcoholic for most of her 29 years, how her three kids live with their dad because she knows she can’t care for them. She says her current partner beat her two days ago because she took her kids to the pool and had “too much fun.” She’s going to counseling for her alcoholism. She was planning to go cook dinner for her children at their father’s house after she left Walmart. The woman with the phony gift cards and marijuana quietly tells her that she too was in an abusive relationship. They talk in murmurs. Ross writes the younger woman a summons to appear in court. It’s her first offense. She walks out with no shoes, because no one can find the ones she left in the shoe department. That’s all right, she says, “I can deal with it.” As she leaves, Ross worries her abuser is waiting for her in the parking lot. Later that day, after the sun has set and the air has cooled, the store grows quiet. In the parking lot, a private security SUV with a flashing yellow light on top sits near the exit. Driving the car is a small, elderly man whose tufts of gray hair are barely visible over the steering wheel. Private security jobs like this tend to go for $10 an hour in Tulsa. The “T” on the Walmart sign has burnt out. Stray cats scrounge around. In the far reaches of the lot, people hunker down in their campers, vans, and U-Hauls for the night. It’s nearly midnight in Tulsa, and for a few hours it looks like the local cops may get a break from Walmart. (Corrects the number of Target stores and police calls in the fourth paragraph.) Editor: Rick Schine  
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pittsburgh City Paper   Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Things to Read Things to Do Watch+Listen Fun+Free Best of PGH Browse Things to Read Blogs News & Features CP Longform Music Visual Arts Books Theater & Dance Food & Drink Movie Reviews Sports Views Issue Archives Special Issues & Guides Browse Things to Do Short List Music Listings Critics' Picks Event Listings Happy Hour Listings Dining Guide City Guide CP Happs App Submit an Event Listing Browse Watch+Listen Lynn Cullen Live City Paper Podcast Sound Bite Five Minutes in Food History CP TV Slideshows Audio Archives FAQ412 Browse Fun+Free Win Free Stuff Job Search Daily Rundown Sign Up 25th Anniversary Giveaway Burgh Bargains Browse Best of PGH Food & Drink Culture & Night Life Goods & Services People & Places The Cheap Seats August 17, 2016 Sports » The Cheap Seats Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Despite its current ills, Fayette County has played a big role in sports history  “If Fayette County is on the news, it’s usually for a drug bust or an altercation at a Walmart.” By Mike Wysocki click to enlarge CP file photo by Heather Mull Mike Wysocki In more than 1.5 million rounds of golf in PGA history, only one person has ever shot a 58. That person was Jim Furyk, who shot that score and made golf history at the recent Travelers Championship. It was the best round of golf ever. And to think, he learned the game at the Uniontown Country Club in Fayette County, where his dad was the pro for many years. But that’s not the county’s only brush with the sports world. Former Pirates and Phillies pitcher Terry Muhlholland practiced his renowned pick-off move as a student at Laurel Highlands High School. Mulholland cashed a check in the majors for 20 years and even threw a no-hitter. He racked up 124 wins while changing uniforms 13 times. And let’s not forget football. Chuck Muncie, a three-time NFL Pro Bowler with the Saints and Chargers, was also a native of Fayette County. Despite these successful native sons, the county has an inferiority complex and a lot of troubles. It’s referred to on occasion as “Fayette-nam” because of its crime and drug problem. If the county is on the news, it’s usually for a drug bust, an altercation at a Walmart or a bomb scare at a Walmart. Still, the county is not without its positives. It has Ohiopyle State Park, Frank Lloyd Wright’s Fallingwater, and Nemacolin Resort, all nestled within its confines. It’s also the birthplace of the Big Mac, and that alone should command respect. But its proudest export is George C. Marshall. Besides winning the Nobel Peace Prize and being named Secretary of Defense, president of the American Red Cross, Secretary of State and a general of the U.S. Army, Marshall really didn’t do much.  As for other contributions to the sports world: Ernie Davis, also known as the “Elmira Express,” called Fayette County home until age 12, which tragically was half his life. Davis became the first African American to win the Heisman Trophy. The Syracuse running back also won an NCAA title with his team as a sophomore, and took home the award for best college football player in the nation as a senior, in 1961. Davis never played in the pros; he was drafted by Washington in 1962 but, surprisingly, the owner of that team was a legendary racist. His name was George Preston Marshall (different than the George Marshall above), and he refused to draft anyone who wasn’t lily-white even years after the league had been desegregated. He drafted Davis only after being threatened with the loss of a stadium lease. Davis then refused to play for the bigot and was traded to the Cleveland Browns — making him the last player to be happy about a trade to Cleveland. Sadly, Davis would never play a down in the NFL. He was diagnosed with leukemia and died in 1963. His life is highlighted in the 2008 film The Express. Johnny Lujack is another Heisman winner. Connellsville’s Lujack started the trend of Western Pennsylvania quarterbacks going to the NFL. He went from Notre Dame to the Chicago Bears. Lujack played only four years, but was a three-time All-Pro and led the league in passing yards and passing touchdowns in 1949. Today, at 91, he’s the oldest living Heisman winner. C. Vivian Stringer, the current head coach of the Rutgers women’s basketball team, has won nearly 1,000 games in her coaching career. The Slippery Rock grad is in the Women’s Basketball Hall of Fame and the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. She was inducted into the latter in 2009 along with Michael Jordan. Stringer also has an Olympic gold medal that she earned as an assistant coach at the 2004 Athens games. She is also the only coach in women’s basketball history to lead three teams to the NCAA Final Four — Cheyney State, Iowa and Rutgers. In fact, in all of women’s college basketball, only three coaches have won more games. Runner John Woodruff, a freshman at Pitt in 1936, won the gold medal in Berlin right in front of You Know Who. Another Connellsville native, he struck gold in the 800-meter run. Connellsville still pays tribute to its late champion with an annual 5K road race in his honor. So a county of about 130,000 people has given a lot to sports and history. Pick any random county in any state with a similar population and I bet you won’t find a Nobel Peace Prize, the greatest example of single-home architecture, two Heisman trophies, a no-hitter, a golf round of 58, a top-four college coach, a five-star resort, two gold medals, and the world’s most famous cheeseburger. Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Tags: The Cheap Seats, sports, Fayette County, Terry Muhlholland, Uniontown Country Club, Elmira Express, Johnny Lujack, Heisman, John Woodruff, no hitter, Nobel Peace Prize, big mac More The Cheap Seats » Speaking of... The Pittsburgh Steelers have been Turkey Day’s biggest goat Nov 23, 2016 While they may have lost the WPIAL football title, Aliquippa’s biggest victory needs to happen off the field Nov 23, 2016 Lineup Card Nov 23, 2016 More » Latest in The Cheap Seats The Pittsburgh Steelers have been Turkey Day’s biggest goat Nov 23, 2016 Since Donald Trump is apparently bringing the steel industry back to Pittsburgh, maybe he’ll revive Schenley High as well Nov 16, 2016 Cleveland edges out Chicago to become baseball’s biggest losers Nov 9, 2016 More » Comments Showing 1-1 of 1 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-1 of 1 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread CityPaper Social Media Facebook Pittsburgh CityPaper Twitter PGHCityPaper Instagram Snapchat YouTube RSS Pittsburgh Citypaper Newsletter Subscriptions Listings Events Music Dining Bars -All Dates- Wednesday, November 23 Thursday, November 24 Friday, November 25 Saturday, November 26 Sunday, November 27 Monday, November 28 Tuesday, November 29 Wednesday, November 30 Thursday, December 1 Friday, December 2 Saturday, December 3 Sunday, December 4 Monday, December 5 Tuesday, December 6 Wednesday, December 7 Thursday, December 8 Friday, December 9 Saturday, December 10 Sunday, December 11 Monday, December 12 Tuesday, December 13 Wednesday, December 14 Thursday, December 15 Friday, December 16 Saturday, December 17 Sunday, December 18 Monday, December 19 Tuesday, December 20 Wednesday, December 21 Thursday, December 22 Friday, December 23 -All Categories- ARTS & COMMUNITY   Auditions   Comedy   Dance   Exhibits   Festivals   Fundraisers   Holiday   Kidstuff   Literary   Other Stuff   Outside   Politics   Special   Submissions   Theater   Visual Art   Volunteers -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Dates- Wednesday, November 23 Thursday, November 24 Friday, November 25 Saturday, November 26 Sunday, November 27 Monday, November 28 Tuesday, November 29 Wednesday, November 30 Thursday, December 1 Friday, December 2 Saturday, December 3 Sunday, December 4 Monday, December 5 Tuesday, December 6 Wednesday, December 7 Thursday, December 8 Friday, December 9 Saturday, December 10 Sunday, December 11 Monday, December 12 Tuesday, December 13 Wednesday, December 14 Thursday, December 15 Friday, December 16 Saturday, December 17 Sunday, December 18 Monday, December 19 Tuesday, December 20 Wednesday, December 21 Thursday, December 22 Friday, December 23 -All Categories- Acoustic Blues Classical Country DJs Easy Listening/Oldies Hip Hop/R&B Holiday Music Jazz Open Stage Other Music Reggae Rock/Pop World -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Categories- RESTAURANTS   American   Asian   Bakery   Barbecue   Breakfast   Brew Pub   Cafe/Coffeehouse   Cambodian   Caribbean   Celtic/Irish   Chinese   Continental   Deli/Sandwich Shop   Delivery   Ethiopian   French   German   Greek/Middle Eastern   Ice Cream and Dessert   Indian   Italian   Japanese   Korean   Latin American   Mexican   Pizza   Polish   Pub Grub   Quick Bites   Seafood   Southern Cuisine   Spanish   Steakhouse   Thai   Vegan/Vegetarian   Vietnamese CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT   Art gallery   Bar/club   Bookstore   Coffeehouse   Comedy club   Dance club   Exhibition space   Lecture/performance hall   Live theater   Movie theater   Museum   Music venue   Strip club   Wineries, Distilleries, and Breweries COMMUNITY & PUBLIC PLACES   College/university   Hotel   Kids' activities   Library   Park/outdoors -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople DAILY RUNDOWN Sign up for Daily Rundown and get the freshest content sent right to your inbox. Subscribe CP TV Inside 7 Birds, a new lawn game designed in Pittsburgh More CP TV » Pittsburgh City Paper Advertise | Archives | Contact Us | Freelance/Intern | Comments/Privacy Policy | National Advertising | Subscriptions | RSS Feed © 2016 Pittsburgh City Paper Website powered by Foundation National Advertising by VMG Advertising
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Research N Reports Tweet   Global Wristbands Walmart Consumption Market 2021: Business Development Analysis Global Wristbands Walmart Consumption 2016 Market Research Report Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 17, 2016 ) 2016 Global Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Report is a professional and in-depth research report on the world's major regional market conditions of the Wristbands Walmart Consumption industry, focusing on the main regions (North America, Europe and Asia) and the main countries (United States, Germany, Japan and China). The report firstly introduced the Wristbands Walmart Consumption market basics: definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain overview; industry policies and plans; product specifications; manufacturing processes; cost structures and so on. Get Sample Copy of This Report: http://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=5778 Then it analyzed the world's main region market conditions, including the product price, profit, capacity, production, capacity utilization, supply, demand and industry growth rate etc. In the end, the report introduced new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis. The report includes six parts, dealing with: 1.) basic information; 2.) the Asia Wristbands Walmart Consumption industry; 3.) the North American Wristbands Walmart Consumption industry; 4.) the European Wristbands Walmart Consumption industry; 5.) market entry and investment feasibility; and 6.) the report conclusion. Purchase a copy of this Global Wristbands Walmart Consumption Market research report at USD 4000 (Single User License): http://www.researchnreports.com/checkout.php?id=5778 Table of Contents Part I Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Overview Chapter One Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Overview 1.1 Wristbands Walmart Consumption Definition 1.2 Wristbands Walmart Consumption Classification Analysis 1.3 Wristbands Walmart Consumption Application Analysis 1.4 Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Chain Structure Analysis 1.5 Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Development Overview 1.6 Wristbands Walmart Consumption Global Market Comparison Analysis Chapter Two Wristbands Walmart Consumption Up and Down Stream Industry Analysis 2.1 Upstream Raw Materials Analysis 2.2 Down Stream Market Analysis Part II Asia Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry (The Report Company Including the Below Listed But Not All) Chapter Three Asia Wristbands Walmart Consumption Market Analysis 3.1 Asia Wristbands Walmart Consumption Product Development History Chapter Four 2011-2016 Asia Wristbands Walmart Consumption Productions supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Chapter Five Asia Wristbands Walmart Consumption Key Manufacturers Analysis Chapter Six Asia Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Development Trend Part III North American Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry (The Report Company Including the Below Listed But Not All) Chapter Seven North American Wristbands Walmart Consumption Market Analysis Chapter Eight 2011-2016 North American Wristbands Walmart Consumption Productions supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Chapter Nine North American Wristbands Walmart Consumption Key Manufacturers Analysis Chapter Ten North American Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Development Trend Part IV Europe Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Analysis (The Report Company Including the Below Listed But Not All) Chapter Eleven Europe Wristbands Walmart Consumption Market Analysis Chapter Twelve 2011-2016 Europe Wristbands Walmart Consumption Productions supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Chapter Thirteen Europe Wristbands Walmart Consumption Key Manufacturers Analysis Chapter Fourteen Europe Wristbands Walmart Consumption Industry Development Trend Part V Wristbands Walmart Consumption Marketing Channels and Investment Feasibility Chapter Fifteen Wristbands Walmart Consumption Marketing Channels Development Proposals Analysis Chapter Sixteen Development Environmental Analysis Complete Report Available at: http://www.researchnreports.com/consumer-goods/Global-Wristbands-Walmart-Consumption-2016-Market-Research-Report-5778 About Research N Reports: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a comer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a rest getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer connoting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact Information: Research N Reports Mr. Sunny Denis Tel: +1-888-631-6977 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
null
Access provided by My Account Log Out Join Log In Latest News Education Health & Behavior Living Money Politics & Law Autism Cerebral Palsy Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability About Email Sign-Up Advertise Contact Search Jobs Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest RSS Menu The Premier Source for Developmental Disability News Skip to content Latest News Jobs Email Sign-Up Search Facebook Twitter Search... Close 1 Cities Warned On Restricting Group Homes 2 For Kids With Special Needs, A Trail Of Their Own 3 Biomarkers May Predict Autism Treatment Success 4 Hate Crimes Against Those With Disabilities Decline 5 App Screens For Autism With 94 Percent Accuracy, Researchers Say 6 Family Fights For Down Syndrome Inclusion 7 Special Olympics Allegedly Stiffed By Sponsor 8 Feds Seek Input On Expanding Community-Based Services 9 Study Finds Transportation Lacking For Those With Special Needs 10 College-Bound Students With Autism Learn To Navigate Campus Life After Firing Employee With Special Needs, Wal-Mart To Pay Up by Kristen Zambo, Rockford Register Star/TNS | August 17, 2016 The EEOC said it has reached a settlement with Wal-Mart in a case the federal agency brought on behalf of William Clark, who has intellectual disabilities and worked for the company for 18 years before being fired. (Shutterstock) Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email ROCKFORD, Ill. — A former Wal-Mart employee will receive $90,000 to settle a federal discrimination lawsuit he filed against Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said. William Clark has intellectual disabilities, which were diagnosed in childhood, according to the EEOC. He began working for the company in 1994 and had worked there for 18 years before being fired from the store at 7219 Walton St. in Rockford. Clark needed a written list of daily tasks in order to accommodate his disability, which company staff provided to Clark for years before halting that practice, the EEOC states. He then was fired for failing to perform certain job duties, according to the EEOC. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The company’s conduct was a violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act and the EEOC sued on Clark’s behalf. Federal law requires businesses to provide employees with disabilities reasonable accommodations that enable them to perform their jobs. “Here, a simple written list would have provided Mr. Clark with the accommodation he needed, and he wouldn’t have been terminated,” Julianne Bowman, the EEOC’s district director in Chicago, said in announcing the recent settlement. Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said via email that the company doesn’t condone or tolerate discrimination of any type. He said that Clark never requested “an accommodation and was terminated for legitimate business reasons related to workplace safety. While we deny that discrimination in any way played a part in Mr. Clark’s termination, we are glad we resolved the matter and will undertake additional ADA training at this individual store.” The “company has thousands of associates who regularly perform their jobs with reasonable accommodations which we have provided,” Hargrove said. Clark’s payout is part of a two-year consent decree requiring Wal-Mart to train employees on disability discrimination and reasonable accommodations. © 2016 Rockford Register Star Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Find a Job Assistant Program Director Care Coordinator/Case Manager AFC Care Manager CBDS Case Manager Behavior Analyst View all jobs Post a Job More in Money Comments DISABILITY SCOOP WELCOMES COMMENTS, THOUGH ONLY A SELECTION ARE PUBLISHED. WE LOOK FOR SUBMISSIONS THAT ARE THOUGHTFUL, ON-TOPIC AND ADD NEW IDEAS OR PERSPECTIVE. PLEASE KEEP YOUR REMARKS BRIEF AND REFRAIN FROM INSERTING LINKS. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read Next Politics & Law Cities Warned On Restricting Group Homes Homes where people with disabilities live should not face requirements or conditions different from those where typically-developing individuals reside, according to new federal guidance.November 18, 2016 Living For Kids With Special Needs, A Trail Of Their Own While typical playgrounds can be overwhelming for children with disabilities, a new sensory trail is designed to provide cognitive and physical benefits geared toward their needs.November 18, 2016 Autism Biomarkers May Predict Autism Treatment Success While it's clear that early intervention improves outcomes for kids with autism, choosing the right treatment for a particular child remains guesswork, but that could soon change.November 17, 2016 View More Stories © 2016 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. View this article online at https://www.disabilityscoop.com/2016/08/17/after-firing-wal-mart-pay-up/22636/ Sign up today for the Disability Scoop Newsletter Your email here Thanks for your interest Please check your email for instructions to complete your sign-up. © 2008-2016 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Advertise Sign up for our newsletter Get the latest developmental disability news from Disability Scoop sent straight to your inbox. Autism Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability Cerebral Palsy And More… E-mail Address: No thanks × You're reading of free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. Get unlimited Disability Scoop access starting at just $5 Join Today Logged in as Already a member? Log In Close Log In   Log In Forgot password? Don't have an account? Join Today
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Insider News Sports Business NoCo Life Windsor Beacon Opinion Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media More Home Insider News Sports Business NoCo Life Windsor Beacon Opinion Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 12 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Where to shop and save on back-to-school supplies In case you haven’t gotten the memo, parents, it’s your last week to go school supply shopping.  Post to Facebook Where to shop and save on back-to-school supplies In case you haven’t gotten the memo, parents, it’s your last week to go school supply shopping.   Check out this story on coloradoan.com: http://noconow.co/2bpUbHd {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. This story is part of Back to School Tips to get your kids, and you, ready for school year Help us collect backpacks Where to shop and save on back-to-school supplies Sarah Jane Kyle , sarahkyle@coloradoan.com 8:08 a.m. MDT August 18, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share From smartwatches to laptops, tech columnist Marc Saltzman shares the best gadgets for students heading back to school. Buy Photo Dawn Eger helps her son, Ryan, pick out a lunch box Wednesday at Super Target. Ryan will be a first-grader this year. Last-minute school supply shoppers are flocking to area retailers before the start of the school year next week. (Photo: Austin Humphreys/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo 12 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE In case you haven’t gotten the memo, parents, it’s your last week to go school supply shopping. Poudre School District high school students go back to school Thursday, with the elementary and middle schools returning Monday. That means it’s time to brave the crowds and stock up on tissues, dry erase markers and those color-specific notebooks your student needs. For those of you who have held out until the last possible minute, I did some of the research for you to help make the back-to-school frenzy just a little bit less hectic. I put myself in the shoes of the parents of a Tavelli Elementary School fourth-grade student and compared prices for this year’s school supply list at three Fort Collins stores: Walmart, Target and Staples. Here's what I found: Walmart: $58.18 Walmart Supercenter, 1250 E. Magnolia St., scored the highest for me in terms of item availability and ease. I was able to find almost everything I needed at the front of the store. There were several things, like glue sticks and dry erase markers, that were prepackaged into numbers more than I needed. That was a common problem across the three stores, so keep in mind that prices listed are for the minimum amount I could buy to meet the requested number of items. Walmart also was the cheapest of my three locations, totaling $58.18 before taxes for all of the supplies (including wishlist items) on Tavelli’s list. ON THE BALLOT:  PSD to ask for $375M bond in November election I tried to pick comparable brands and quality items across the three stores. Walmart was most expensive for the fabric pencil pouch required by Tavelli — $3.97. It was least expensive for two plastic pocket folders ($3.94), two one-inch three-ring binders ($3.84), one dry erase marker eraser ($1.74), a pair of scissors (50 cents) and Astrobrights paper ($3.97). Target: $62.15 Putting myself in the shoes of someone trying to get school supply shopping done quickly, Target's setup was most difficult to navigate. I went to the Super Target, 2936 Council Tree Ave., and had to go to the back of the store to find the designated back-to-school section. Within that section, it wasn't as easy as the other two stores to find everything I needed. The hassle was good for my step count that day but wasn't stellar for my sanity. I was able to find more exact counts of some items, but not often at a cheaper price than larger packages at Walmart. The total supply cost at Target was $62.15. FAMILIES:  Home-based child care declining in Larimer County Target was most expensive for four composition notebooks ($3) in the requested colors (blue, green, red and yellow), two one-inch three ring binders ($4.98), two jumbo glue sticks ($7.94) and tissue boxes ($5.49 for three). Target was least expensive for a set of five-tab binder dividers ($1.49), Ziploc bags ($4.36), Clorox wipes ($2.41) and 48 pre-sharpened pencils ($7.36). Buy Photo Back-to-school season is beginning, and Poudre School District sixth and ninth graders returned to school Wednesday.  (Photo: Sarah Jane Kyle/The Coloradoan) Staples: $73.75 Staples, 4333 Corbett Drive, was by far the most expensive location for the comparable brands available at Walmart and Target. However, the store has several deals on different markers, folders and more that could make it a more affordable destination for some items. More expensive items receive more display attention, so you have to look for the deals. SCHOOL SAFTEY:  Ault district hiring gun-toting security officer Staples was most expensive for binder dividers ($2.99), pre-sharpened pencils ($15), eight Expo dry erase markers ($8, and only available in fine point when I was shopping), the dry erase marker eraser ($8 because I could only find it in a prepackaged kit that included markers), black Sharpies ($4 for a pack of four), scissors ($2 for a pack of two), a package of comparable markers ($3 for washable markers), Astrobrights paper ($4), Ziploc bags ($4.79) and Clorox wipes ($2.49). It was least expensive for the fabric pencil pouch ($2.49), jumbo glue sticks ($3) and tissue boxes ($3.99). Staples did not have a yellow composition notebook when I shopped, making it impossible to complete my entire list at the store. The total supply cost was $73.75. My take If you want to save money and time, Walmart seems to be your best bet. If you want the best deal, use our interactive database in this story online to see prices for each set of items at each store on the day I shopped. Check out each location's advertisements to see if there are any special deals. For example, Target offers 5 percent off your total purchase with their credit or debit card and additional deals with the Cartwheel app. Staples could be a great resource for some items if you take advantage of their deals. Whatever route you choose, I salute you. Online Database by Caspio (Mobile app users click here to access the database.) 12 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/2bpUbHd TOP VIDEOS The Amazon effect 0:35 RAW: Woman struck by semi in south Fort Collins 0:18 Parker street stabbing 2:22 Underpass projects of Fort Collins 1:03 CSU offensive coordinator Will Friend on San Diego State defense 2:51 CSU coach Mike Bobo on San Diego State 4:11 A December to remember: Things to do this month 1:24 Timelapse: Hughes Stadium fills for its final game 0:31 Fans share memories of Hughes Stadium 3:39 CSU linebacker Kevin Davis after win over New Mexico 2:16 Back to School Tips to get your kids, and you, ready for school year Help us collect backpacks This story is part of Back to School Tips to get your kids, and you, ready for school year Help us collect backpacks
null
null
null
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video GLOBAL MARKETS-World stocks rise, backed by oil gains, weak dollar Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Thu Aug 18, 2016 | 11:11am EDT GLOBAL MARKETS-World stocks rise, backed by oil gains, weak dollar * World stock markets rise, following Asian shares * Wall Street modestly higher thanks to energy shares, Wal-Mart * Dollar falls near 8-week low on divided Fed * Oil rises to 6-week high (Updates to U.S. trading, adds quotes, changes dateline; previous LONDON) By Dion Rabouin NEW YORK, Aug 18 World stock markets moved higher as oil prices rose and the dollar sank to a near eight-week low on Thursday after minutes from the U.S. Federal Reserve's latest meeting showed policymakers were divided over whether to raise interest rates soon. A lower-than-expected reading on new U.S. jobless claims and comments on the "hollowing out" of the labor market from New York Fed President William Dudley gave U.S. stocks a modest boost in early trading. While Dudley did not elaborate on his comments earlier in the week that the Fed could raise rates as early as next month, he highlighted strong gains in hiring over the past few months that he said were an "important development in the economy." The Dow Jones industrial average was up 20.47 points, or 0.11 percent, to 18,594.41, the S&P 500 gained 3.46 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,185.68 and the Nasdaq Composite added 11.93 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,240.59 Wall Street was also underpinned by strong gains from Wal-Mart, which rose as much as 3.1 percent to $75.19 - a more than 14-month high - after the retailer posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit. The stock provided the biggest boost to the Dow and the S&P 500. Energy stocks provided the biggest sector boost as Brent crude futures rose above $50 per barrel, touching a six-week high. Brent crude prices rose to their highest since July 4 as the world's biggest producers prepared to discuss a possible freeze in production levels. Brent traded at $50.42 a barrel, up 56 cents on the day. U.S. light crude oil was up $1.02 at $47.81. Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries will meet on the sidelines of the International Energy Forum, which groups producers and consumers, in Algeria on Sept. 26-28. However, analysts were doubtful on the prospects of an agreement. "We remain skeptical that renewed talks of a production freeze by OPEC and other large producers will lead to a deal. Prices are only marginally above where they were when the group met in Doha in April and couldn't agree to a deal," ANZ analysts said in a note. Oil prices were also helped by the falling dollar, which slipped to its lowest against a basket of major currencies since June 24 as traders marked down the odds of an interest rate increase by the Fed. The minutes from July's Federal Open Market Committee, released on Wednesday, showed members of the rate-setting group were generally upbeat about the U.S. economic outlook but showed a bias against raising interest rates soon. "The market's take on the FOMC minutes is to read them in a somewhat more dovish fashion on the view that the Fed seems too divided to raise rates anytime soon," said Alan Ruskin, global head of FX strategy at Deutsche Bank in New York. Oil is priced in dollars, so oil becomes more valuable as the dollar's value falls. U.S. Treasury prices were little changed after Dudley's comments and the jobless claims data. Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes were flat in price for a yield of 1.562 percent. The pan-European STOXX 600 index, which had fallen in the last four sessions on a run of weak company earnings, was up 0.5 percent. MSCI's All World index climbed 0.2 percent to head back toward a one-year high, pushed higher by a 0.5 percent rise in Asian shares, their biggest since Aug. 8. Japan's Nikkei bucked the trend though, dropping 1.5 percent after data showed exports from the country falling at their fastest pace since the financial crisis. (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Additional reporting by Sam Forgione in New York and John Geddie and Christopher Johnson in London; Editing by Dan Grebler) Next In Bonds News MOVES-EM bond trader Carlos Rijo joins Credit Suisse NEW YORK, Nov 23 (IFR) - Bond trader Carlos Rijo has joined Credit Suisse after six years at BBVA, where he helped establish a flow credit business for emerging markets fixed-income. Brazil courts approves BNDES loan repayment to Natl Treasury SAO PAULO, Nov 23 Brazil's federal accounting court allowed on Wednesday state development bank BNDES to make an early repayment of 100 billion reais ($30 billion) in loans owed to the National Treasury, boosting government efforts to cut a ballooning debt burden. Moody's sees Latin American phone companies curbing investment SAO PAULO, Nov 23 Latin American phone carriers will slow capital spending for the next couple of years amid a widespread economic slowdown and still-high debt, Moody's Investors Service said on Wednesday, a sign the industry is prioritizing debt reduction over growth in the near term. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Destination space Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
null
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Markets Right Now: Stocks closing flat on Wall Street By Associated Press Published: 16:24 EST, 18 August 2016 | Updated: 16:24 EST, 18 August 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in global financial markets (all times local): 4:00 p.m. U.S. stocks are closing slightly higher Thursday as rising oil prices gave energy companies a lift. Oil rose $1.43 to $48.22 a barrel in New York. That boosted energy companies: Marathon Oil rose 6.2 percent and Devon Energy rose 3.4 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 24 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,598. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 5 points, or 0.2 percent, at 2,187. The Nasdaq composite rose 11 points, or 0.2 percent, at 5,240. Wal-Mart rose nearly 2 percent after it reported strong earning and raised its full-year outlook. Cisco Systems fell nearly 1 percent after delivering weak quarterly results and announcing plans to lay off 7 percent of its staff. ___ 12:00 p.m. U.S. stocks are trading nearly flat Thursday as investors find little to stir the market out of its summer doldrums. The Dow Jones industrial average is flat at 18,572. The Standard & Poor's 500 index was 2 points, or 0.1 percent, higher at 2,184. The Nasdaq composite is up 0.2 percent or 11 points at 5,240. Wal-Mart Stores climbed 1.5 percent after it raised its annual estimates and reporting strong second quarter profit. Cisco Systems fell after the network technology company announced weak quarterly earnings and said it would lay off around 7 percent of its staff. Yields on the 10-year Treasury are also flat, while energy and precious metals prices are rising. ___ 10:00 a.m. U.S. stocks are opening little changed Thursday, with earnings from retail giant Wal-Mart and weekly unemployment data in investors' sights. The Arkansas-based retailer lifted its earnings outlook and delivered strong second-quarter profit and sales. Wal-Mart shares rose 1.7 percent. Meanwhile data out today showed fewer people sought U.S. unemployment benefits last week, a signal that layoffs are scarce and employers are hiring at a solid clip. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 18 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,556. The Standard & Poor's 500 index was unchanged at 2,182. The Nasdaq composite is also flat at 5,228. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Sizzling Joanna Krupa displays her incredible toned physique as she parades around in teeny tiny bikini while soaking up the sun in Miami Beach babe  Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian stocks lackluster as investors turn focus to Yellen By Associated Press Published: 23:31 EST, 18 August 2016 | Updated: 23:31 EST, 18 August 2016 e-mail HONG KONG (AP) — Most Asian stock benchmarks drifted lower Friday as investors hunkered down to mull resurgent oil prices and corporate earnings while awaiting a key speech by the Fed chief next week. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index edged 0.1 percent lower to 16,474.67 while South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.1 percent to 2,053.58. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.5 percent to 22,903.57 and the Shanghai Composite Index retreated 0.5 percent to 3,086.77. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent to 5,518.30. Benchmarks in Taiwan and Thailand fell while in those in Singapore, Indonesia and New Zealand rose. GLOBAL OUTLOOK: Markets were mostly subdued in the absence of any major economic data releases. Investors were watching for the Fed's next move after meeting minutes this week indicated policymakers felt another interest rates hike was warranted but left out any hint on timing. The next big chance to glean insight from U.S. central bank officials comes in a week's time, with Fed chief Janet Yellen due to speak at an annual gathering of central bankers in Jackson Hole, Wyoming on Aug. 26. FILE - This July 15, 2013, file photo, shows the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are little changed early Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016, as the market remains in the doldrums. Energy companies are rising as the price of oil continues a recent recovery and phone companies and health care stocks are trading lower. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) QUOTEWORTHY: Yellen is likely to say the process of raising rates will be "cautious and gradual but leave the impression that the Fed is on track to raise interest rates again this year," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital in Sydney, wrote in a report. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks ended slightly higher. The Dow Jones industrial average ticked up 0.1 percent to 18,597.70. The Standard & Poor's 500 added 0.2 percent to 2,187.02. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.2 percent to 5,240.15. ENERGY: Oil futures steadied after a big bounce. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 8 cents to $48.30 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained $1.43, or 3.1 percent, to settle at $48.22 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 3 cents to $50.92 a barrel in London after jumping 2 percent the day before. CURRENCIES: The yen stabilized, with the dollar strengthening to 100.31 yen after the Japanese currency broke below the 100-yen mark earlier. Japan's currency has been gradually strengthening since the start of the year, when it was worth about 120, making the country's exports more expensive and complicating efforts to revive growth. The euro slipped to $1.1330 from $1.1345. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Sizzling Joanna Krupa displays her incredible toned physique as she parades around in teeny tiny bikini while soaking up the sun in Miami Beach babe  Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. 9 Things We Learned About Walmart’s Relationships With Local Police Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share 9 Things We Learned About Walmart’s Relationships With Local Police Image courtesy of Daniel Oines August 18, 2016 5:31 pm EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup public menace walmart crime and punishment police Walmart just shared its quarterly results with investors and with the world, and its sales and profits are up. Great news! Only a lot of the chain’s profits have come because of aggressive cost-cutting, and its cutbacks in security have meant increases in petty and violent crimes that can be a burden on local law enforcement. Bloomberg Businessweek took a national look at Walcrime this week, and here’s some of what we learned. Be sure to check out the whole story, too. In Tulsa, OK, police officer Darrell Ross is called Officer Walmart, because that’s his job: he’s stationed at Walmart, and meets with shoplifters and other criminals. There’s also an off-duty officer working for Walmart directly. The Tulsa police have sometimes needed to send a van to Walmart to bring in everyone who was arrested that day. Tulsa’s numbers are even worse than the stats from Florida that the Tampa Bay Times compiled earlier this year: the city has four Walmarts that called police a total of 2,000 times, and four Targets that called police 300 times. That can be an unfair comparison, though: Target does not allow people to park overnight in its lots, and its store are generally smaller and in wealthier areas than their competing Walmarts. “When I walk into Target I see uniformed security or someone walking around up front, a Florida police chief told Businessweek. “You see no one at Walmart. It just seems like an easy target.” Pun probably not intended. Walmart has made cutting back on crime in its stores a priority in the last year, because shootouts and meth labs are bad for business. It’s succeeding, including a program to reform shoplifters instead of calling in the police. The roots of Walmart’s crime problem are in cost-cutting, which shouldn’t surprise anyone who has shopped there in the last decade and a half or so. Cutbacks at the turn of the century meant that Walmart stores are now getting by with fewer employees, and the simple change of getting rid of greeters increased shoplifting. Walmart’s board mostly doesn’t come from the retail business, and may not understand the importance of paying for security so customers will feel safe and spend more time shopping. When a fight in his local Walmart was recorded on YouTube and went viral, that was the last in a string of incidents that led a mayor in Indiana to crack down on Walmart, making media appearances to call the company out and eventually having the store declared a public nuisance. That meant possible fines of $2,500 for every call to the police. The store realized it would be cheaper to hire off-duty officers to work security, and did. Walmart’s Out-of-Control Crime Problem Is Driving Police Crazy [Bloomberg Businessweek] August 18, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup public menace walmart crime and punishment police Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related is that a tongue in your pants or... Walmart Shopper Thinks No One Will Notice 6.5 Pounds Of Cow Tongue Shoved In His Pants if at first you don't succeed Walmart Trying To Cut Back On Calls To Cops By Offering Small-Time Shoplifters Chance To Reform i'm bleedin' here When Attempting To Shoplift From Walmart, Be Careful To Not Stab Yourself insert breaking bad reference here Man Claims He Wasn’t Cooking Meth In Walmart Bathroom, He Just Had The Ingredients yep it's in florida Why Do Criminals Love This Walmart So Much? Previous Eddie Bauer Removed Malware From Payment Systems In All Of Its Stores Next Student Loan Borrowers Face Needless Hurdles When Trying To Reduce Payments Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Student Loan Borrowers Face Needless Hurdles When Trying To Reduce Payments Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
