GoSearch Replay: News at Ten WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Contests Events Weather 53° 53° Low 49° High 67° Fri 52° 58° Sat 49° 67° Sun 49° 65° See complete forecast Mother of Crash Victim Sues Walmart Posted 10:06 pm, May 18, 2017, by Michael DaSilva Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Please enable Javascript to watch this video PELLA, Iowa -- "My world was turned upside down that day," said Kristine Kohrs, the Plaintiff in a new lawsuit against Walmart for a fatal crash that happened in Pella last December. Three people lost their lives when a driver crashed into the retail store. Now the mother of one of the victims is suing Walmart. A man allegedly began choking on coffee as he was driving his pickup truck toward the super-center, and lost consciousness as he drove through the entrance of the store. "my youngest daughter came home. I was babysitting for my grandkids, and she came home and told me that Lindsey was one of the first ones that he had hit," said Kohrs. 29 year-old Lindsey Rietveld worked at the store; her mother still can't believe she's gone. "I can`t believe it. I still wake up thinking I can give her a call, or a text message," said Kohrs. Kohrs is suing Walmart claiming it failed to protect its employees, patrons, and other visitors. "I want justice for Lindsey. I want the parking lots changed; not just at the Walmart in Pella, but everywhere." The lawsuit claims Walmart was negligent when it failed to erect adequate security devices or bollards. "And these were what`s called decorative bollards, which means they weren`t really designed to stop anything," said attorney Jeff Lipman of the Lipman Law Firm in West Des Moines. "They were breakable. They were made of material that was not protective in nature," said Lipman. The suit states "to protect people and property, standard practices for such retail entrances is to erect security bollards at intervals no more than 5 feet apart, such that any vehicle driving toward the entrance will impact more than one bollard and thus increase the crash resistance of the installation." When contacted for comment, Walmart sent the following statement: “We continue offering our prayers to the victims’ families. The safety of our customers and associates is among our top priorities, and we have consultants and engineers who designed this parking lot in accordance with local laws and regulations. While we have not yet been served with this lawsuit, we take this matter seriously and will respond appropriately with the court.”   Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Popular Severe Storms Are Moving Through Central Iowa Parents Arrested in Connection with Perry Teen’s Death Channel 13’s May Apple A Day Giveaway Latest News Severe Storms Are Moving Through Central Iowa Adoption Investigator Says Kids Sometimes Placed In “Least Bad of All the Bad” Situations Cool Temps, Hot Times. Day One from State Track. Mother of Crash Victim Sues Walmart I-235 Traffic Cameras Now Turned Off Pending Another Appeal News No Charges Filed in Deadly Pella Walmart Crash News DCI Completes Pella Walmart Crash Investigation News Ames New Walmart A First For Company Execs News Tracy Morgan is ‘Alive’ and Laughing in New Netflix Special News Family of Pella Wal-Mart Crash Victim Sues Store and Driver News ‘Beat me like an animal’ Muslim Woman Says Attacker Ripped Off Her Hijab, Cut Her With Knife News Pella Residents Worried for Possible Future Without Bottle Bill News New Orleans Man Gets Outrageous ‘Law & Order SVU’ Tattoo News NBC’s Hoda Kotb Adopts Baby Girl News Cleveland Murder Suspect Steve Stephens Kills Himself After Pursuit News Blind 14-year-old Girl Headed to Washington State Wrestling Tournament News Meet Barbara Paulson, Iowa’s Rocket Girl News Utah Girl Shot in the Head During Robbery: ‘I Am Tougher Than a Bullet’ Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch Replay: News at Ten WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Contests Events Weather 53° 53° Low 49° High 67° Fri 52° 58° Sat 49° 67° Sun 49° 65° See complete forecast Family of Pella Wal-Mart Crash Victim Sues Store and Driver Posted 9:11 pm, May 18, 2017, by Dan Hendrickson, Updated at 09:12PM, May 18, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Pickup truck plows into Pella Walmart. × Family of Pella Wal-Mart Crash Victim Sues Store and Driver Pickup truck plows into Pella Walmart. PELLA, Iowa  —  The family of one of the victims of a fatal crash last December at Wal-Mart in Pella is now suing the store, its builder and the driver who crashed through the front door. On December 1st, 2016 Dennis Mockenhaupt crashed his truck into the store, killing Wal-Mart employees Lindsey Rietveld and Carrie Zugg and customer Ruth Jean DeJong.  Prosecutors ruled that Mockenhaupt suffered a medical incident that caused him to crash into the store.  He was not criminally charged. However a lawsuit filed Thursday by the estate of Lindsey Rietveld accuses Mockenhaupt of driving recklessly.  According to the lawsuit Mockenhaupt says he was choking on coffee, causing him to lose consciousness. The lawsuit also places blame for the crash on Wal-Mart and the architect who designed and built the building.  The lawsuit claims the building did not include enough protective bollards in front of the store and the bollards that were in place were not effective. The lawsuit asks for unspecified damages to compensate the Rietveld family for its loss and to punish Mockenhaupt and Wal-Mart for their alleged roles in Rietveld’s death. Wal-Mart responded to the lawsuit on Thursday with this statement: “We continue offering our prayers to the victims’ families. The safety of our customers and associates is among our top priorities, and we have consultants and engineers who designed this parking lot in accordance with local laws and regulations. While we have not yet been served with this lawsuit, we take this matter seriously and will respond appropriately with the court.” Read the full lawsuit here.   Filed in: News Topics: Pella Wal-Mart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Popular Severe Storms Are Moving Through Central Iowa Parents Arrested in Connection with Perry Teen’s Death Channel 13’s May Apple A Day Giveaway Latest News Severe Storms Are Moving Through Central Iowa Adoption Investigator Says Kids Sometimes Placed In “Least Bad of All the Bad” Situations Cool Temps, Hot Times. Day One from State Track. Mother of Crash Victim Sues Walmart I-235 Traffic Cameras Now Turned Off Pending Another Appeal News No Charges Filed in Deadly Pella Walmart Crash News Mother of Crash Victim Sues Walmart News DCI Completes Pella Walmart Crash Investigation News Police Looking for Driver Who Left Scene of Thursday Night I-235 Crash News Witnesses Describe Johnson County Plane Crash, Victims Identified News One Person Killed in Friday Evening Mahaska County Crash News Bar Facing Lawsuits Following Wrong-Way Crash that Killed Officers Politics Legislation Proposed in Honor of ISU Student Killed in Cyride Crash News DUI Suspect Accused of Hitting Family Returning from Disneyland had Been Deported 15 Times News Fallen Firefighter Honored After Fatal Car Crash News Pella Student Suffers Minor Injuries After Being Hit by Car News Bartenders Would Not Have Known Customer was Drunk, Says Lawyer of Bar Facing Lawsuit in Head-On Crash News Car Crashes Into High School Marching Band During Alabama Mardi Gras Parade Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
 Business  Contact  About  Services  Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health    Contact  About  Services Scoop Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Network Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search   Related Email Print Scoop  Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps Friday, 19 May 2017, 10:45 am Article: BusinessDesk Friday 19 May 2017 07:39 AM While you were sleeping: Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps By Margreet Dietz May 19 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street climbed, recovering some of Wednesday’s losses, while Brazil’s stocks, bonds and currency slumped as concern about the nation's corruption scandal intensified, implicating President Michel Temer. Brazil’s Ibovespa Index plunged 8.5 percent in mid-afternoon trading. “Markets will overreact, but the reality is that Brazil is rooting out the corruption that has plagued it for centuries,”James Gulbrandsen, a Rio de Janeiro-based portfolio manager at NCH Capital who holds Brazilian shares, told Bloomberg. “This significantly increases the likelihood of new elections within the coming months.” Meanwhile, Wall Street rebounded, following Wednesday’s declines amid reports that prompted concern US President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice. In 3.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.8 percent. In 2.59pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.6 percent. “This whole bull market is all about panic attacks followed by relief rallies, and this was another one,” Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research Inc in Brookville, New York, told Bloomberg. “My hunch is that the Trump impeachment panic attack was a one-day wonder and we’ll move on from there.” The Dow rose, led by gains in shares of Wal-Mart Stores and those of Verizon, up 3.1 percent and 2.4 percent respectively. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores climbed after the world’s top retailer posted quarterly results that showed better-than-expected sales both in stores and online. "Wal-Mart's commitment to value pricing is driving traffic and growth in grocery and aggressive online strides are impacting comparable sales," Cowen & Co's senior research analyst Oliver Chen said in a note, Reuters reported. Walmart said US comparable sales rose 1.4 percent in the quarter ended April 28, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Its US online sales increased 63 percent in the first quarter, while gross merchandise volume climbed 69 percent, Wal-Mart said, adding that he majority of this growth was organic through Walmart.com. “All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people,” Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm AT Kearney, told Bloomberg. Bucking the trend were shares of Cisco, which plunged 7.8 percent for the largest percentage drop in the Dow. Cisco announced further job cuts and offered an earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. “We saw a significant slowdown in the US public sector, particularly the federal business—which is a pretty significant business for us—due to the uncertainty in budgets," CEO Chuck Robbins told CNBC. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a slide of 0.5 percent from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.3 percent, while France’s CAC40 Index declined 0.5 percent, and the UK’s FTSE 100 Index dropped 0.9 percent. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. Contact BusinessDesk Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH   Budget: Irrigate (Good Times, Come On!) Additional grant funding of $26.7 million over the next three years plus a capital boost of $63 million towards irrigation investments in Budget 2017 will deliver economic and environmental benefits through better use of water... More>> ALSO: Irrigation NZ - IrrigationNZ welcomes new irrigation funding Federated Farmers - Irrigation investment a lifeline for provinces Greenpeace NZ - Govt’s “absence of a backbone” destroying NZ’s rivers Horticulture NZ - Irrigation investment first step towards food security Enviroment Canterbury - New water quality requirements on Canterbury farmers BusinessDesk - Unchanged nitrogen loss from dairy farms Greenpeace NZ - DairyNZ undermining environmental efforts of dairy farmers EDS - Federated Farmers attacks Mackenzie Country again Silver Fern Farms: Proposal To Close Fairton Sheepmeat Plant Silver Fern Farms has advised its people of the proposal to permanently close the site, and has discussed potential transfer options to its other sites in the region as part of the consultation process... More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Fairton plant to close as Silver Fern downsizes capacity Labour - Workers pay the price of Silver Fern’s Fairton closure Greens - Primary sector should stay in NZ hands NZ First - Fairton to Close with 377 Job Losses - Earlier Silver Fern Farms’ Share Price Tanks - Is Silver Fern Farms to Close Fairton? Meat Workers Union - Fairton meat workers devastated about proposed plant closure The Opportunities Party - Illegal Low Wage Slaves Real Problem in Silver Fern Farms MPI: Myrtle Rust Appears In Taranaki The nursery in Waitara (just north of New Plymouth) reported suspected myrtle rust symptoms on young plants to the Ministry’s 0800 number yesterday (Tuesday). More>> ALSO: Greens - Movement controls critical to stop myrtle rust spreading Earlier NZ First - NZ First Casts Doubt on Myrtle Rust Incursion Theory Aged Care Survey: Job Stresses Put Pressure On Workforce Staff in the aged care sector are stressed, struggling with work hours and aren’t feeling financially rewarded for their efforts. More>> ALSO: E tu - Aged Care Survey Results Ring True for E Tū Members NZ Nurses Organisation - NZNO call for an update of Aged Care Standards De-Sanctioning: First Iran Meat Shipment Welcomed Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy has welcomed the first export shipment of meat to Iran, scheduled for processing and export later this month by Wellington company Taylor Preston. More>> ALSO: Federated Farmers - Reopening of meat exports to Iran is like a new market  Submit News / Press Releases   Follow Scoop on Facebook   Follow Scoop on Twitter       Featured InfoPages     Bill Bennett on Tech Terabyte looms as Vocus users download 430GB a mon... 2:51 AM | Bill Bennett 2degrees tips into profit after seven lean years 9:47 PM | Bill Bennett Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus review: Beautiful, feature-... 16 May | Bill Bennett After ten years of mail pain Spark is done with Ya... 15 May | Bill Bennett Passive Optical Lan means fibre to the desktop 5:09 AM | Bill Bennett Windows 10S — Microsoft tries locking down again 08 May | Bill Bennett More  RSS   Business Scoop Valuecruncher Media reporting of Chris Cornell’s death 5:14 PM | admin Nikko AM NZ named Equity Fund Manager of the Year 4:56 PM | admin Social Media Expert Coming to Queenstown 4:47 PM | admin NCTIR Weekly Update 4:44 PM | admin One dead in Waikato crash 4:28 PM | admin Council adopts Annual Plan 2017/18 4:11 PM | admin Eastside schools join Transport Minister to open n... 3:52 PM | admin More  RSS  News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More  RSS  News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Scoop Newsagent News Intelligence Email Alerts      Contact  About  Services  View as: FULL SITE | MOBILE SITE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Scoop Foundation Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use Apply for a licence © Scoop Media  
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Finding Lisa: a story of murders, mysteries, loss, and, incredibly, new life Blue Jays' Kevin Pillar suspended two games for anti-gay slur Harvard student submits rap album as his senior thesis Saudi Arabia will give Trump a royal welcome, ignore his slights Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Walmart reports 63 percent rise in online sales E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Alan Diaz/Associated Press/File 2017 The numbers are a sign that Walmart is making headway in its fight to be as dominant online as it is across the American landscape. By Rachel Abrams New York Times  May 18, 2017 Walmart reported a staggering rise in online sales in the first quarter Thursday. But now the question is whether the country’s largest retailer can sustain that growth to become a true competitor to the online juggernaut Amazon. The company said e-commerce sales in the United States had grown 63 percent. That helped lift overall sales 1.4 percent to $117.5 billion. Advertisement The numbers are a sign that Walmart is making headway in its fight to be as dominant online as it is across the American landscape. Walmart’s strategy has several parts: expand the number of products available online; better leverage its huge physical warehouses and distribution centers to reach customers quickly across the country; and aggressively pursue deals for online stores. The company announced the acquisition of bulk e-commerce retailer Jet.com in August, part of a plan to offer customers more products through the Web. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here The earnings results gave only hints of about how much the bump in sales is from the acquisitions of the last year, compared with the other changes the company has made. Walmart executives said the “majority” of the company’s online growth was organic — meaning not from the companies it had bought — but did not break out specific numbers. And while they were hesitant to declare that such growth was the new normal, they credited an expanded online assortment for helping to lure more repeat customers willing to open their wallets a little wider. “This is extraordinary growth, and we’re pleased with the traction we’re generating across our e-commerce offerings,” said Brett Biggs, Walmart’s executive vice president and chief financial officer. Advertisement Comparable-store sales, one measure of growth that looks at stores that have been open for at least a year, rose 1.4 percent. That number includes Walmart’s core online business but not items sold through Jet. Walmart completed its purchase of Jet for $3.3 billion in September. Smaller digital acquisitions followed, including ModCloth, a women’s clothing retailer, and the outdoor apparel site Moosejaw. The deal for Jet was also widely seen as a play for its founder, Marc Lore, a serial digital entrepreneur who could help fix Walmart’s online strategy. Lore was put in charge of running Walmart.com after the acquisition, spearheading the faceoff between the world’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer and its biggest online competitor. Walmart said it now offers 50 million items through its website, up from 35 million in the last quarter and 10 million from the same time last year. There is no doubt, though, that the company still has a ways to go before coming close to Amazon in e-commerce. Activity on Amazon, which recorded about $136 billion in annual sales last year, accounts for more than half of all online shopping in the United States. Walmart provides a growth figure only for its online business and does not specify revenue. “I think it’s fair to say that Walmart is coming from behind online,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of the research firm GlobalData Retail. “It has underperformed in that area, so what we’re seeing now is really a catch-up to where it needs to be in order to more seriously compete with the likes of Amazon.” But Walmart is also trying to improve its physical stores. Bruised by complaints of empty shelves and poor customer service, Walmart pledged to invest in training its in-store associates and revamping its grocery business with services like allowing customers to buy items online and pick them up in a store. It has also cut back on labor costs. Customers at many stores can now make purchases through self-checkouts. The company has begun testing drones to handle inventory at its labyrinthine warehouses. In March, the company received a patent for a process in which drones would transport products between departments in stores. Shares of Walmart were up more than 3 percent Thursday. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Hacking of America TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 18 2017, 7:30 am ET Walmart Online Sales Were up a Staggering 63 Percent Last Quarter by Lauren Thomas, Special to CNBC.com Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Wal-Mart grew its e-commerce sales by a whopping 63 percent during the latest quarter, compared to 29 percent growth last quarter. The big-box retailer has been making strides to expand and improve its e-commerce platform amid an online battle with players like Amazon and Target. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Amazon vs. Walmart: The Latest on the Shipping Wars 1:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/867100739632" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Wal-Mart's recent acquisition of Jet.com, its competitive free-shipping threshold of $35 and its overall lower prices relative to peers have allowed the traditionally brick-and-mortar retailer to make gains online. Shares of Wal-Mart's stock were climbing around 1 percent during premarket trading following this news. "We delivered a solid first quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year," Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. "We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers. Our plan is gaining traction." Related: You Probably Shopped at Walmart Last Year On Wednesday, big-box retail rival Target reported earnings, sales and comparable sales that topped Street expectations. Target is in the midst of a multiyear turnaround effort, as it attempts to compete with Wal-Mart's "Everyday Low Price" strategy and Amazon's encroaching presence over the industry. "While [Target] is not trying to directly undercut Walmart on prices, it is trying to use everyday lower prices on daily use items to drive customers into remodeled stores that provide a better experience than Walmart," wrote Stifel analyst Mark Astrachan in a note to clients prior to Thursday's earnings announcement. As of Wednesday's close, shares of Wal-Mart have climbed nearly 19 percent over the past 12 months and are up about 9 percent for the year-to-date period. Lauren Thomas, Special to CNBC.com Topic Consumer First Published May 18 2017, 7:30 am ET Next Story Should You Wait Out the Market's Political Jitters? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Amazon Business Retail Wal-Mart’s online sales surge 63 percent as it races to catch up with Amazon Originally published May 18, 2017 at 5:11 pm Updated May 18, 2017 at 5:17 pm In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, customers head to the parking lot after shopping at a Wal-Mart, in Hialeah, Fla. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) — NYBZ403 (Alan Diaz/AP) The unexpected leap in online sales offered the strongest evidence yet that Wal-Mart, the country’s largest retailer, is making headway in its effort to be as prominent online as it is across the U.S. landscape. Share story By Rachel Abrams The New York Times Wal-Mart has always excelled at selling products in its cavernous stores. It appears to be getting its head around selling online, too. On Thursday, the company said e-commerce sales had grown 63 percent in the United States in the latest quarter. The unexpected leap offered the strongest evidence yet that Wal-Mart, the country’s largest retailer, is making headway in its effort to be as prominent online as it is across the U.S. landscape. “This is extraordinary growth, and we’re pleased with the traction we’re generating across our e-commerce offerings,” said Brett Biggs, Wal-Mart’s executive vice president and chief financial officer. Now the question is whether the company can sustain that growth to become a fiercer competitor to the online juggernaut Amazon. Wal-Mart has invested heavily in building its online business over the years, but the results have been mixed — and Amazon has surged. Most Read Stories Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery Alaska Airlines will start passenger flights from Everett’s Paine Field 'Lola' Pulido lived life of devotion to family Hey, hey, hey, goodbye! Wettest rainy season in Seattle history nears end as heat wave begins ‘Deadliest Catch’ star Sig Hansen arrested after alleged assault of Uber driverUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Wal-Mart’s latest strategy, put in place by its current chief executive, Doug McMillon, has several parts: expand the number of products available online, better leverage its huge physical warehouses and distribution centers to reach customers quickly across the country, and aggressively pursue deals for online stores. The biggest of those deals, in which Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for the bulk e-commerce retailer Jet.com last year, was part of the plan to offer customers more products through the web. The earnings results Thursday gave only hints of how much the acquisitions gave the company a one-time bump in sales, rather than long-lasting fruit from other changes the company has made. Overall sales rose 1.4 percent, to $117.5 billion, in the latest quarter compared with a year ago. Wal-Mart executives said the “majority” of the company’s online growth was organic — meaning not from the companies it had bought — but did not break out specific numbers. And while they were hesitant to declare that such growth was the new normal, they credited an expanded online assortment for helping to lure more repeat customers willing to open their wallets a little wider. Wal-Mart said it now offers 50 million items through its website, up from 35 million in the last quarter and 10 million from the same time last year. Comparable-store sales, one measure of growth that looks at stores that have been open for at least a year, rose 1.4 percent. That number includes Wal-Mart’s core online business, but not items sold through Jet.com. Wal-Mart completed its purchase of Jet in September. Smaller digital acquisitions followed, including ModCloth, a women’s clothing retailer, and the outdoor apparel site Moosejaw. The deal for Jet was also widely seen as a play for its founder, Marc Lore, a serial digital entrepreneur who could help fix Wal-Mart’s online strategy. Lore was put in charge of running Walmart.com after the acquisition, organizing the faceoff between the world’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer and its biggest online competitor. There is no doubt, though, that the company still has a way to go before coming close to Amazon in e-commerce. Activity on Amazon, which recorded about $136 billion in annual sales last year, accounts for more than half of all online shopping in the United States. Wal-Mart provides a growth figure only for its online business, and does not specify revenue. “I think it’s fair to say that Wal-Mart is coming from behind online,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of the research firm GlobalData Retail. “It has underperformed in that area, so what we’re seeing now is really a catch-up to where it needs to be in order to more seriously compete with the likes of Amazon.” But Wal-Mart is also trying to improve its physical stores, and the results Thursday indicated that those changes were helping. While profit fell 1.3 percent for the quarter, the uptick in comparable-store sales bucked the troubles many other large retailers have signaled recently. Target, for example, on Wednesday reported a small drop in same-store sales in its most recent quarter compared to the year before. Bruised by complaints of empty shelves and poor customer service, Wal-Mart pledged to invest in training its in-store associates and revamping its grocery business with services like allowing customers to buy items online and pick them up in a store. It has also cut back on labor costs, relying more on automation. Customers at many stores can now make purchases through self-checkouts. The company has begun testing drones to handle inventory at its labyrinthine warehouses. In March, the company received a patent for a process in which drones would transport products between departments in stores. Shares of Wal-Mart stock rose $2.42, or 3.2 percent, to close Thursday at $77.54. Rachel Abrams View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Canada says it may drop $2B Boeing fighter deal over CSeries subsidy dispute Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Annual service pays tribute to officers, K-9s killed in line of duty Daybreak Youth Services opens Brush Prairie facility Planning board backs staff stance on land use Man appears in court in high school trespass case Man pleads not guilty in Hockinson homicide Applications for city of Vancouver permits going digital MidiCi pizza franchise added to The Waterfront Vancouver plans Inmate dies after officer-involved shooting at PeaceHealth hospital   Judges reinstate $9 million award to Clyde Ray Spencer A U.S. Court of Appeals panel has reinstated the $9 million jury award to Clyde Ray Spencer, the former Vancouver… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mariners blow lead, rally in 9th to beat White Sox 5-4 4A track: Baraiac clears hurdle to reach state meet High school scoreboard 5/19 Oliver, freshman power Ridgefield to state softball berth Efraimson 8th in 1,500 at Distance Classic Sweet Resurgence for Mountain View baseball team Clark College softball going to NWACs for the first time Harden, James top All-NBA team; no Blazers on list North Lewis River spring chinook bounce back Fishing report 5/18 Sweet Resurgence for Mountain View baseball team The Mountain View baseball team believes in the power of the double-yellow Starburst. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Stocks recoup some losses after Wednesday’s slump MidiCi pizza franchise added to The Waterfront Vancouver plans Twitter’s new privacy terms increase tracking, ads Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, draws more shoppers U.S. seeks to shift trade tides on NAFTA overhaul Oregon farm submits weed control plan Tribes fighting pipeline drop appeal but battle continues Amazon refreshes its tablet lineup and drops the price on the Fire 8 HD Boeing delivers first 737 MAX after FAA clears plane to fly Computer experts predicted ‘WannaCry’ MidiCi pizza franchise added to The Waterfront Vancouver plans A Los Angeles-based pizza franchise is the latest business staking a claim at The Waterfront Vancouver. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Chris Cornell, one of rock’s respected voices, dies at 52 HOA basics: What to know before you buy a new home Free-roaming horses disputed Woodland High School goes on with the show Gardening with Allen: Safely get rid of insect pests Creative kids’ spaces bring the fun 4 things everyone should know how to do Energy Adviser: Is home secured for summer vacation? Baby Louie gets proper name Maryland couple update their home while keeping its style Woodland High School goes on with the show WOODLAND — There will be plenty of reaching for new heights at Woodland High School starting tonight, when the drama… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Feds, Clean Up Hanford Act Parker: Impulsive truth-sayer Trump will tell us sooner or later Letter: Expand help for first responders Letter: What are benefits of annexation? Letter: Symphony makes beautiful music Letter: School breakfasts are necessary Letter: Candidates should face a test Letter: Trump presidency is a sham In Our View: Don’t Get Rid of Homework Camden: Once again, our eight simple rules for running for office Editorial Cartoons, May 14-20 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: Bowled over by chance encounter with The Beatles Abandoned properties pose problems for code enforcement, neighbors Volunteer Opportunities Spotlight on Youth Washougal opens new transportation facility Kids visit Nautilus, learn about engineering La Center receives $20,000 for athletic field work Ridgefield named one of nation’s top high schools Eagle Scouts Employees take day off work for fun Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, draws more shoppers By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: May 18, 2017, 4:47 PM A   A BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world’s largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That’s a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. “We’re transforming to become more of a digital enterprise,” said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart’s report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains such as Macy’s, Kohl’s, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart’s efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart’s results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. “Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy,” Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Ark.-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That’s up 10 million from a year ago. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism OG&E CEO says Fort Smith is ‘well-positioned’ for economic development Wal-Mart CEO to be deposed in Mexican bribery lawsuit, but case may not go to trial Jonesboro building permit numbers plummet; Mayor Perrin confident of $200 million goal Arkansas jobless rate touches new all-time low at 3.5%, governor says Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas jobless rate touches new all-time low at 3.5%, governor says Gov. Hutchinson, state officials unveil online ‘idea’ suggestion box, phone line Fort Smith sent more than 87% of its total recycling collections to landfill from October 2014-present As he launches his re-election bid, Gov. Hutchinson hopes task force can ‘accelerate’ broad tax reform Former FBI Director Robert Mueller named as Special Counsel in Trump-Russia probe Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas OG&E CEO says Fort Smith is ‘well-positioned’ for economic development Jonesboro building permit numbers plummet; Mayor Perrin confident of $200 million goal Fort Smith sent more than 87% of its total recycling collections to landfill from October 2014-present Trial date set in Bailey & Oliver Law Firm gender discrimination, equal pay lawsuit Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas’ tourism sector posts early 2017 dips compared to robust 2016 numbers Old Dominion leads LTL industry, ABF value down, shippers say The Supply Side: Tango Press looks to fill digital production demand Automated technology impacts trucking industry ROI, benefits driver retention Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart CEO to be deposed in Mexican bribery lawsuit, but case may not go to trial BusinessFinanceLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 7 hours ago 48 views  Tags: Doug McMillon Wal-Mart FCPA 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon That Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon may soon be deposed in a shareholder lawsuit has certainly made for headline news,  but it’s not likely to have an impact on the global retailer, according to a lawyer with experience in such matters. The shareholder lawsuit against Wal-Mart Stores being now in the U.S. District Court in Fayetteville seeks to depose McMillon about alleged bribery claims in Mexico and potential violations of the Federal Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). McMillion was CEO of Sam’s Club at the time of the alleged violations in Mexico, but when the news broke in 2012, he was the CEO of Walmart International and thus U.S. District Judge Susan Hickey said he likely has “direct and personal involvement” in the matters of the pending lawsuit. Wal-Mart counsel has said that is not the case, but their motion to prevent McMillon’s deposition was denied by Hickey on May 11. FCPA lawyer and professor Mike Koehler told Talk Business & Politics the lawsuit is not a big concern. He has said Wal-Mart has acted proactively since 2011 to be open with their knowledge and disclosures in the FCPA investigation. “It is virtually unheard of for securities fraud claims against publicly traded companies to go to trial and this case is highly unlikely to go to trial. I suppose this recent discovery-related decision does increase slightly the plaintiff’s negotiating position,” Koehler said. Koehler, who tracks the FCPA investigation of dozens of other companies at any given time, said two-thirds of the public companies provide less transparency than Wal-Mart regarding FCPA expenditures. Wal-Mart was told by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in 2012 to disclose FCPA-related spending to investors each quarter. The company has complied with that request. In Thursday’s earnings announcement, Wal-Mart said it spent $13 million with ongoing FCPA inquiries and investigations in the first quarter, down compared to $21 million in the same period a year ago. Another $3 million was spent on enhancements to its internal global compliance protocol, compared to $4 million a year ago. Wal-Mart said it expects FCPA and compliance expenses to range between $65 million and $85 million this fiscal year. But some experts like Koehler believe Wal-Mart is close to settling with the federal government after more than six years of inquiry. Bloomberg recently reported the retailer is preparing to pay roughly $300 million to settle. Wal-Mart declined to comment on the reported settlement. But the spending on FCPA-related matters continue to decrease, a possible indication that the cases are likely wrapping up. In the past three years spending each quarter has fluctuated as follows: FY 2018 Q1: $13 million FY 2017 Q4: $17 million Q3: $29 million Q2: $28 million Q1: $25 million FY 2016 Q4: $33 million Q3: $30 million Q2: $30 million Q1: $33 million FY 2015 Q4: $36 million Q3: $41 million Q2: $43 million Q1: $53 million Koehler said it can take up to a year for a settlement to be negotiated once the investigations conclude. He believes Wal-Mart is nearing the end of that pipeline. He expects the settlement will be reached in the next 90 days. He also said the $300 million estimated settlement is far less than the $850 million spent on pre-enforcement action and professional fees and expenses. While the total pre-enforcement spend looks eye popping, Koehler said the ratio between these professionals fees and expenses and the potential settlement amount (about a 2.5 ratio) is very common. Comments comments Previous post Jonesboro building permit numbers plummet; Mayor Perrin confident of $200 million goal Next post OG&E CEO says Fort Smith is 'well-positioned' for economic development Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular OG&E CEO says Fort Smith is ‘well-positioned’ for economic development 4 hours ago Wal-Mart CEO to be deposed in Mexican bribery lawsuit, but case may not go to trial 7 hours ago Jonesboro building permit numbers plummet; Mayor Perrin confident of $200 million goal 8 hours ago Arkansas jobless rate touches new all-time low at 3.5%, governor says 8 hours ago Gov. Hutchinson, state officials unveil online ‘idea’ suggestion box, phone line 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 3,041 views Fort Smith attorney announces intent to run for At-Large School Board post, incumbent Deanie Mehl will not seek re-election 2,421 views Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 2,293 views Fast 15 recognizes up-and-comers who’ve enjoyed success at a young age 2,077 views The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 1,721 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps 10:45 May 19, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk May 19 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street climbed, recovering some of Wednesdays losses, while Brazils stocks, bonds and currency slumped as concern about the nation’s corruption scandal intensified, implicating President Michel Temer.Friday 19 May 2017 07:39 AM While you were sleeping: Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps By Margreet Dietz May 19 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street climbed, recovering some of Wednesday’s losses, while Brazil’s stocks, bonds and currency slumped as concern about the nation’s corruption scandal intensified, implicating President Michel Temer. Brazil’s Ibovespa Index plunged 8.5 percent in mid-afternoon trading. “Markets will overreact, but the reality is that Brazil is rooting out the corruption that has plagued it for centuries,”James Gulbrandsen, a Rio de Janeiro-based portfolio manager at NCH Capital who holds Brazilian shares, told Bloomberg. “This significantly increases the likelihood of new elections within the coming months.” Meanwhile, Wall Street rebounded, following Wednesday’s declines amid reports that prompted concern US President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice. In 3.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.8 percent. In 2.59pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.6 percent. “This whole bull market is all about panic attacks followed by relief rallies, and this was another one,” Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research Inc in Brookville, New York, told Bloomberg. “My hunch is that the Trump impeachment panic attack was a one-day wonder and we’ll move on from there.” The Dow rose, led by gains in shares of Wal-Mart Stores and those of Verizon, up 3.1 percent and 2.4 percent respectively. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores climbed after the world’s top retailer posted quarterly results that showed better-than-expected sales both in stores and online. “Wal-Mart’s commitment to value pricing is driving traffic and growth in grocery and aggressive online strides are impacting comparable sales,” Cowen & Co’s senior research analyst Oliver Chen said in a note, Reuters reported. Walmart said US comparable sales rose 1.4 percent in the quarter ended April 28, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Its US online sales increased 63 percent in the first quarter, while gross merchandise volume climbed 69 percent, Wal-Mart said, adding that he majority of this growth was organic through Walmart.com. “All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people,” Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm AT Kearney, told Bloomberg. Bucking the trend were shares of Cisco, which plunged 7.8 percent for the largest percentage drop in the Dow. Cisco announced further job cuts and offered an earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. “We saw a significant slowdown in the US public sector, particularly the federal business—which is a pretty significant business for us—due to the uncertainty in budgets,” CEO Chuck Robbins told CNBC. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a slide of 0.5 percent from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.3 percent, while France’s CAC40 Index declined 0.5 percent, and the UK’s FTSE 100 Index dropped 0.9 percent. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Media reporting of Chris Cornell’s death Nikko AM NZ named Equity Fund Manager of the Year Social Media Expert Coming to Queenstown NCTIR Weekly Update One dead in Waikato crash Council adopts Annual Plan 2017/18 Eastside schools join Transport Minister to open new cycleway EPA opens submissions on STOS application for a jack-up rig Collaborative approach to road maintenance confirmed Inland road Wandle River Bailey bridge change Pedestrian and cyclist safety to be improved on Te Moana Rd Rugby World Cup will open trade doors with Japan Perspective on big weather events in April More progress for Rotorua’s cycleway network Powerhouse Ventures sells out of Syft Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman While you were sleeping: Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps Friday, 19 May 2017, 10:45 am Article: BusinessDesk Friday 19 May 2017 07:39 AM While you were sleeping: Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps By Margreet Dietz May 19 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street climbed, recovering some of Wednesday’s losses, while Brazil’s stocks, bonds and currency slumped as concern about the nation’s corruption scandal intensified, implicating President Michel Temer. Brazil’s Ibovespa Index plunged 8.5 percent in mid-afternoon trading. “Markets will overreact, but the reality is that Brazil is rooting out the corruption that has plagued it for centuries,”James Gulbrandsen, a Rio de Janeiro-based portfolio manager at NCH Capital who holds Brazilian shares, told Bloomberg. “This significantly increases the likelihood of new elections within the coming months.” Meanwhile, Wall Street rebounded, following Wednesday’s declines amid reports that prompted concern US President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice. In 3.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.8 percent. In 2.59pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.6 percent. “This whole bull market is all about panic attacks followed by relief rallies, and this was another one,” Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research Inc in Brookville, New York, told Bloomberg. “My hunch is that the Trump impeachment panic attack was a one-day wonder and we’ll move on from there.” The Dow rose, led by gains in shares of Wal-Mart Stores and those of Verizon, up 3.1 percent and 2.4 percent respectively. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores climbed after the world’s top retailer posted quarterly results that showed better-than-expected sales both in stores and online. „Wal-Mart’s commitment to value pricing is driving traffic and growth in grocery and aggressive online strides are impacting comparable sales,” Cowen & Co’s senior research analyst Oliver Chen said in a note, Reuters reported. Walmart said US comparable sales rose 1.4 percent in the quarter ended April 28, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Its US online sales increased 63 percent in the first quarter, while gross merchandise volume climbed 69 percent, Wal-Mart said, adding that he majority of this growth was organic through Walmart.com. “All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people,” Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm AT Kearney, told Bloomberg. Bucking the trend were shares of Cisco, which plunged 7.8 percent for the largest percentage drop in the Dow. Cisco announced further job cuts and offered an earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. “We saw a significant slowdown in the US public sector, particularly the federal business—which is a pretty significant business for us—due to the uncertainty in budgets,” CEO Chuck Robbins told CNBC. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a slide of 0.5 percent from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.3 percent, while France’s CAC40 Index declined 0.5 percent, and the UK’s FTSE 100 Index dropped 0.9 percent. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cardio Fitness Equipments Industry 2017 Market Types, Pricing, Sales, Reviews, Growth, Trends : Amer Sports, Technogym Next PostNext Global Caustic Soda Industry 2017 Market Consumption, Growth, Shares, Applications, Production : OxyChem, Solvay, SABIC, Tosoh Search Recent Posts Road Llighting Fixtures Market 2017 – ZIO, Moooi, Verpan, Artemide, Tom Dixon, Foscarini, Lightyears New Research on Global Autonomous Vehicles Market estimated to grow at a high CAGR during forecast period Rise and Fall Pendant Luminaire Market 2017 – FSL, OSRAM, OPPLE, QIBEN, Sanxiong Aurora, Philips, Ocean’s King Survival Board Game “Apochalyptica” Hits Kickstarter: What Will Happen When Bombs Begin to Fall? Survival Board Game “Apochalyptica” Hits Kickstarter: What Will Happen When Bombs Begin to Fall? Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) The Latest: Trump denies asking Comey to shelve Flynn probe Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 Colonie GOP introduces fall slate News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories 1 dead as car runs into crowd Trump 'very close' to deciding Saudis hope to reset relations with Trump Roger Ailes, 77, Fox News architect Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Yanks can't solve Duffy More than 7,000 brave heat at Workforce Team Challenge Alex Henderson pitches Saratoga baseball past Bethlehem Trainer just here to win Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Highest bidder: Cuomo's G450C tools up for sale Saratoga Springs marketer delves into patient experience for Net neutrality battle begins George's Market and Cafe now open at former Shaker Shed Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Harvard student raps thesis Chris Cornell called a true icon Good things to do for the week ahead Facilities to promote therapeutic power of making art Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Composer/engineer Charles Eble dies 6,000 steps up China's sacred mountain, Mount Tai His revolution was televised Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives House of the Week: Georgian Revival in Menands Section II Baseball Quarterfinal Scoreboard ARA: ‘That’s all I can afford,’ says homeowner 20 things you don’t know about me: Sarah McClane TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Albany city landfill faces state greenhouse gas plan Outdoors: Guide shares his love for adventure UAlbany softball team set for NCAA Tournament Editorial: Mr. Trump's new swamp Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Georgian Revival in Menands Proximity to water adds to property value Guns N' Roses member selling home for $3.8M Bethlehem subdivision to be maintenance-free Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Secrets to help you save at Amazon Hewitt’s: Free flowering annual or vegetable pack for Mom Best (and worst) things to buy in May Teachers eat free at Recovery Sports Grill on Tuesday, May 2 MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Wal-Mart-sees-online-sales-surge-11157350.php Wal-Mart sees online sales surge Anne D'innocenzio, Associated Press Published 7:03 pm, Thursday, May 18, 2017 Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon. Retailer bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. Most Popular 1 Great news: Mexico offers to pay for Trump’s impeachment 2 Drunken driver napped in grass outside State Police Academy,... 3 Lauded rocker Chris Cornell killed himself by hanging 4 'Most provable murder case' ends in Albany plea deal 5 Relatives populate Albany county, city governments 6 High winds drop wires, trees, cause 34,000 local outages 7 Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell dies at age 52 in Detroit View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer Remix: The stink of Washington hasn’t thrown off these stocks Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: The stink of Washington hasn’t thrown off these stocks    7 Hours Ago | 01:09 Jim Cramer has found that the day after a market selloff, investors find comfort in a different kind of stock than they were buying on the day of the dip. "These investors are like bloodhounds for growth. They're unleashed," the "Mad Money" host said. "And the stink of Washington doesn't throw them off the scent today." These buyers do not take Washington's woes into consideration. When their stocks slide, they attribute it to collateral damage caused by weak-handed sellers scared of market collapse. What kinds of stocks do they buy or hold? The stocks of companies that will likely continue to grow without President Donald Trump's help — companies like Amazon, Apple, Netflix, Alphabet, and the semiconductor plays, the "Mad Money" host said. Focal.Point | Getty Images But the ruckus in Washington could, in a bizarre way, actually quell the market's confusion and help it get back on its feet, Cramer said. He pointed to the nomination of ex-FBI chief Robert Mueller to investigate the Russia-Trump-Comey-Flynn fiasco, a candidate both Democrats and Republicans liked for the job. "At the end of the day, whether or not it's good for Trump, the appointment of Mueller is definitely good the stock market," Cramer said. "Hopefully he'll bring closure on this issue and we can stop worrying so much about Washington again, except, perhaps, in a positive fashion as we did seven short months ago when President Trump was elected." Because the stock market is not Democrat or Republican, Cramer explained. All it craves is resolution. Fred Prouser | Reuters Walmart One thing the market may not get resolution with for a while, however, is the seemingly endless battle of online retail. For so long, it seemed like no company could rival e-commerce colossus Amazon, but Cramer thinks one up-and-coming online competitor could give it a run for its money: Wal-Mart. "You might think this comparison sounds crazy, even after the excellent quarter Wal-Mart just reported [on Thursday], but when you take a step back, it's pretty clear that these two companies have a lot more in common than you might expect," the "Mad Money" host said. Before the rise of Amazon, Wal-Mart's scale and massive array of merchandise shuttered countless smaller stores because they could not compete. "Wal-Mart was the great destroyer of retail, the great disruptor, laying waste to mom and pop stores all over the country by offering more products and undercutting them on price," Cramer explained. Amazon employs a similar strategy, using its scale to sell items online at their lowest available prices. Most retailers cannot compete, but Wal-Mart's breadth and ability to negotiate with its suppliers enable it to keep pace with Amazon's prices. US Concrete CEO: Not Relying on Trump In an interview with Cramer on Thursday, US Concrete President and CEO Bill Sandbrook said that business is strong, so strong that companies like his do not need Trump's trillion-dollar infrastructure bill to continue outperforming. "We're not relying on the Trump infrastructure bill. Those first-quarter results were driven by things done in the Obama administration, the tail-end of his administration, the passing of the FAST Act, which is additional infrastructure spend," Sandbrook said. And while the bill would certainly give Sandbrook's concrete and building business a boost, the CEO stressed other factors that were more central to his company's performance. "Only 18 percent of our business is infrastructure. The rest depends on a growing, healthy economy. And when you're in Dallas and you're in New York and you're in San Francisco and you travel a lot, you know how busy those cities are," Sandbrook said, referencing the cities where US Concrete does the bulk of its business. Frank Muldoon | CNBC Marc Benioff Finally, after Salesforce reported a 2-cent first-quarter earnings beat and raised its guidance by $100 million for fiscal year 2018, Chairman and CEO Marc Benioff said rival cloud plays simply cannot keep up. "You can really see we are crushing Oracle," Benioff told "Mad Money" host Jim Cramer on Thursday. "SAP, Microsoft — it's just across the board. We're getting all these great wins in sales, in service in marketing." Benioff attributed Salesforce's growth in part to the company's recent acquisitions, which included Demandware, an e-commerce play, Krux, an audience engagement company, and Quip, a productivity suite similar to Microsoft Office. The CEO said that Demandware, now known as the Salesforce Commerce Cloud, greatly exceeded his expectations for the first quarter in helping retailers find their footing in the cloud. "Every major retailer in the world is going through a huge transformation from being primarily kind of brick-and-mortar based to going online. And, in some cases, just as you mentioned, they're doing both. They're linking their retail, physical presence, with online. That is really powerful. And we're doing all that through the Salesforce Commerce Cloud," he said. In Cramer's lightning round, he flew through his take on some caller favorite stocks, including: General Mills: "OK, here's the problem with General Mills. It has no growth whatsoever, so you really are hoping for a takeout, which I think is unlikely and you're being paid 3.5 percent for them to get some growth. I don't know when that'll happen. As long as you're happy just getting the dividend and sitting there, that's what you're going to get." Becton Dickinson: "Oh, man, I love the combination. It's absolutely terrific. It's going to produce returns for a very long time. That is a solid buy." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- USCR --- GOOGL --- AAPL --- AMZN --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer: How Wal-Mart is giving Amazon a run for its money Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wal-Mart gives Amazon a run for its money    7 Hours Ago | 03:17 For so long, it seemed like no company could rival e-commerce colossus Amazon, but Jim Cramer thinks one up-and-coming online competitor could give it a run for its money: Wal-Mart. "You might think this comparison sounds crazy, even after the excellent quarter Wal-Mart just reported [on Thursday], but when you take a step back, it's pretty clear that these two companies have a lot more in common than you might expect," the "Mad Money" host said. Before the rise of Amazon, Wal-Mart's scale and massive array of merchandise shuttered countless smaller stores because they could not compete. "Wal-Mart was the great destroyer of retail, the great disruptor, laying waste to mom and pop stores all over the country by offering more products and undercutting them on price," Cramer explained. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer: How Wal-Mart is giving Amazon a run for its money    8 Hours Ago | 08:57 Amazon employs a similar strategy, using its scale to sell items online at their lowest available prices. Most retailers cannot compete, but Wal-Mart's breadth and ability to negotiate with its suppliers enable it to keep pace with Amazon's prices. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon also set a goal for the company to become a major player in online retail, gaining approval from the Walton family, which owns just over half of the business. With a good balance sheet, the company can afford to spend the money to challenge Amazon, but Cramer said the family's approval was key for moving the process forward. "As long as he's got the backing of the family, he can afford to take some short-term hits in order to grow the company's e-commerce presence. That's a real rarity in this game," Cramer said. "At most publicly traded companies, the shareholders tend to rebel when management starts promising near-term pain. And you better believe that declaring war on Amazon is painful." While Wal-Mart may not unseat Amazon as the top dog in e-commerce, the "Mad Money" host does believe it could become a serious competitor, with its online sales business up 63 percent in the latest quarter. On Wal-Mart's earnings conference call, the company touted its offering of 50 million products, up from 35 million last quarter and 10 million just one year ago. Wal-Mart's come-up in the online space started when the retailer announced plans to restructure in early 2015. The first step was closing 269 underperforming stores. Then, later in the year, McMillon announced a big boost in e-commerce spending — $900 milion in 2015 and $1.1 billion for the following year. In response, the stock got pummeled, dropping from the mid-$80s to the mid-$50s, but with the backing of the Walton family, McMillon had permission to continue his agenda. In the summer of 2016, Wal-Mart acquired one of the world's fastest growing online retailers, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion. "The idea behind Jet is that they can offer customers tremendous bargains by giving you extra discounts if you order merchandise from the same distribution centers. Plus, the deal gave Wal-Mart access to a new cohort of wealthy, young, urban shoppers who might not otherwise be Wal-Mart shoppers," Cramer said. After a number of smaller acquisitions that expanded Wal-Mart's online offerings, the company announced in March 2017 it would start its own incubator to invest in ideas and technologies that would change the future of retail, a new venture for the once-traditional company. Finally, there's one area where Wal-Mart does have a leg up over Amazon: fresh food. Ordering most things online is easy, but delivering perishables is more complicated. "Wal-Mart's grocery business is going strong, and once they get you in the door to buy that food, you might make impulse purchases — or if you know you're going there, you can order stuff online, then pick it up in the store [to] save on shipping," Cramer said. "Fresh food is Amazon's Achilles heel, people." At the end of the day, Amazon is still the reigning king of e-commerce, but with 69 percent growth in online gross merchandise volume, Wal-Mart is easily second-best. "Can Wal-Mart beat Amazon? Doubtful. But who says they need to? They just need to go toe-to-toe with Amazon and make money doing it, wipe out everybody else in bricks-and-mortar, and that's entirely likely from what I've seen from this amazing quarter," the "Mad Money" host said. The stocks are completely different animals, however. Amazon's powerful technology and web services arm puts its stock, which trades at 85 times next year's earnings estimates, in a class above the rest. Wal-Mart's stock, a more old-school brick-and-mortar name, sells at only 17 times next year's earnings. "Here's the bottom line: if you like owning high-flying fast growing tech stocks, Amazon's great. OK? It's for you. However, if you want more of a value play, I think Wal-Mart has done an incredible job of expanding online. They're not going to take the lead in e-commerce anytime soon, but for the first time in ages, this business is actually a two-horse race," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- AMZN --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Menu About Tamebay Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events eBooks Sign up Login News Headlines Marketplaces Amazon eBay Alibaba Allegro CDiscount Etsy SKU Cloud Gumtree Halfords Jet.com Newegg Notonthehighstreet Rakuten Tesco Yumbles Zalando Payments Logistics Ecommerce Small Business Tamebay Guide Share: POST TWEET SHARE SHARE EMAIL Home EcommerceWalmart online sales jump 63% year on year Walmart online sales jump 63% year on year By Dan Wilson May 18, 2017 - 8:41 pm US retailer Walmart, who also run a successful marketplace service for third-party sellers, has reported stunning results for the first quarter of 2017. The period saw a 63% leap in online sales over the period year on year. The total value of sales increased 69% on the same terms. But what’s not clear from the results is how these figures relate to marketplace sales and whether they are fuelling this growth. But it seems likely that the doubling of the number of products available to shoppers is partly fuelled by independent merchants. The Walmart website now offers 50 million items up from 10 million a year ago. By any measure, these are amazing numbers and more proof, should you be tempted, that Walmart has a real potential for sellers. Two key initiatives have been key to the online expansion. Firstly, two day shipping is now free on all orders over $35. Previously shoppers needed to be part of the ShippingPass programme to receive that service and that cost $49 a year. Obviously that was similar to Amazon Prime but without the Prime perks of music and video and the like. Secondly, Walmart has embraced click & collect. Needless to say, the company already has a formidable footprint in the USA with a mighty fulfilment network and thousands of stores. They’re calling it the Pickup Discount. If you go and grab your goods in store, you get a saving. At launch in April, this service included 10k products involved but the company has revealed they expect to include 1 million lines by the end of year. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon says: “Our stores are located within 10 miles of nearly 90% of the U.S. population, so this is convenient for many of our customers, and also saves them money when they order online and pick it up during their visit to our stores.” Now, obviously, Amazon continues to motor ahead but Walmart isn’t slouching and continues to be a crucial player in American ecommerce. Have your say Click here to cancel reply. View our Comment Policy Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Latest News 12 hours ago Amazon Prime launches more content perks for subscribers 12 hours ago Walmart online sales jump 63% year on year 13 hours ago Alibaba reports revenues are up 60% year on year 13 hours ago ChannelAdvisor Catalyst: World First and Amazon China See More Stories Tamebay Guide Welcome to our Tamebay Guide. Companies listed in the directory represent the leading suppliers in the UK and Europe. Amazon Amazon started as online book store and has grown to be the worlds Company profile See More Companies Related posts 12 hours ago Amazon Prime launches more content perks for subscribers 13 hours ago Alibaba reports revenues are up 60% year on year 22 hours ago MyHermes opening hours and support on the Whitsun Bank Holiday See More Stories < Previous Alibaba reports revenues are up 60% year on year Next > Amazon Prime launches more content perks for subscribers Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events Ebooks Contact About Tamebay Become a Member Account Sign in Advertise on Tamebay Privacy Policy Tamebay is an imprint of eSeller Publishing Limited, published by SJP Business Media on its behalf Tel.: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8980 Email: info@tamebay.com Log in Privacy Policy
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores May 18, 2017 • Business In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Wal-Mart saw online [auth] sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world’s largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That’s a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. “We’re transforming to become more of a digital enterprise,” said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart’s report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy’s, Kohl’s, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart’s efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart’s results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. “Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy,” Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That’s up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, “the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success.” “The majority of our growth is and will be organic,” said McMillon. “The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up.” Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon’s juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It’s also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company’s estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. Related Posts About the Author: - Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Applications for US jobless aid fell to 3-month low of 232K Netflix announces 5th season of ‘Arrested Development’ » Business Review Advanced Home Care Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Cash-strapped New Mexico reconsiders savings strategy May 18, 2017 Funding for lottery scholarships lags by nearly $8M May 18, 2017 New Mexico county could lose millions with proposed food tax May 18, 2017 Expert says New Mexico police did not alter shooting videos May 18, 2017 Man accused in fatal Albuquerque shooting gets prison term May 18, 2017 Albuquerque added to federal effort to fight opioid epidemic May 17, 2017 New Mexico utility execs could earn $8.6M in compensation May 17, 2017 Man sentenced to prison in fatal drive-by shooting of teen May 17, 2017 Clovis man already in prison gets 24-year term in drug case May 17, 2017 Santa Fe school district to save $1.6M in new budget May 17, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ז בעומר   |   Thursday, May 18, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Wal-Mart Sees Online Sales Surge, More Shoppers at Stores Wal-Mart Sees Online Sales Surge, More Shoppers at Stores Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 5:42 pm | כ"ב אייר תשע"ז BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world’s largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That’s a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said that a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. “We’re transforming to become more of a digital enterprise,” said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart’s report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy’s, Kohl’s, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart’s efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart’s results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. “Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy,” Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company, has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That’s up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, “the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success.” “The majority of our growth is and will be organic,” said McMillon. “The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up.” Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon’s juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters on Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It’s also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company’s estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. Filed under: Wal-Mart Print Email Gmail Related Wal-Mart Earnings Fall, But Online Sales Surge Wal-Mart Adds 2 Distribution Centers Wal-Mart Tests Matching Prices With Online Rivals Wal-Mart Launches Its 1st Online Year-End Deals Wal-Mart to Close 269 Stores More in Business Toyota, Three Other Automakers Settle Suit Over Takata Air Bags Treasury Chief Says U.S. Can Achieve 3 Percent Economic Growth U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Higher in Afternoon Trading; Oil Down Unemployment Applications Drop to 3-Month Low Asian Stocks Fall as White House Turmoil Spoils Risk Sentiment OP-ED The Laptop Ban Continues Its Mysterious Run The Homecoming of Oscar Lopez Rivera Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare A Matter of Influence The Firing of James Comey Features This Day In History 22 Iyar/May 18 Nichum Aveilim 22 Iyar/May 18 Going Dutch When It Comes to Vitamin Supplements, More Isn’t Always Better Gluten-Free Diets Don’t Help Heart Health, Might Harm It Editorial Cartoon – May 18, 2017 Sudoku – May 18, 2017 Four After Three Nichum Aveilim 21 Iyar/May 17 This Day In History 21 Iyar/May 17 What Color Is English? ID Required Sudoku – May 17, 2017 World of Wonders – May 16, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 90°F Partly cloudy See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) S&P 500 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9017 GBP 0.7734 ILS 3.5953 CHF 0.9811 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries by: YURI KAGEYAMA, AP Business Writer Updated: May 18, 2017 - 9:29 PM TOKYO (AP) - Asian stocks were mostly lower Friday as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian coordination with President Donald Trump's campaign. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 0.2 percent to 19,510.96 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged down nearly 0.5 percent to 5,711.10. South Korea's Kospi was little changed at 2,287.30. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 25,131.74. The Shanghai Composite slipped nearly 0.1 percent to 3,087.38. BRAZIL FACTOR: Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. U.S. FACTOR: U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. THE QUOTE: "Given the heightened level of uncertainty, I suspect traders will remain in a kind of Investor Purgatory where risk aversion dominates and fear mounts that the investigation could open up a whole new can of worms which will do little more than compound the markets current panic syndrome," said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures added 32 cents to $49.67 a barrel. It rose 28 cents to $49.35 a barrel in New York Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 40 cents to $52.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1112 from $1.1153 late Thursday in Asia. The dollar strengthened slightly to 111.20 yen from 111.17 yen. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries Trump developments weigh on global stocks once again Asian stocks slide as Trump's mounting woes rattle investors Trump reports weigh on global stocks and the dollar Asian stocks mostly lower amid political uncertainties News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
MPW Search Search FoodNew York City Food Chains Must Now Provide Calorie Counts on Prepared Items UberUber Threatens to Fire the Self-Driving Car Engineer at the Center of Its Trade Secrets Case BrazilBrazil’s Markets Plunge as Hush Money Scandal Threatens President Temer’s Reforms LGBTU.S. Judge Allows First Transgender Person to Sue Under the Disabilities Act Walmart Why Walmart, Starbucks, and Others Give Some Employees Less Paid Leave Valentina Zarya May 18, 2017 “The people who most need paid family leave are the least likely to have it.” That's according to a report released Wednesday by nonprofit Paid Leave for the United States (PLUS), which found that among some of the largest employers in the U.S., paid leave benefits are largely reserved for salaried employees. And that's not just the case for those working for the big-name brands: A November Bureau of Labor Statistics study found that just 6% of low-wage workers in the U.S. have access to paid family leave. The PLUS report singles out Walmart Stores Inc. (wmt)—the country's largest retailer and job-creator—for not providing equal paid leave to its salaries and hourly employees. The retailer provides 10-12 weeks of fully paid leave for birth mothers who are corporate employees, but just 6-8 weeks at partial pay for birth moms who are full-time hourly workers. Among fathers, only salaried employees get paid time off (two weeks). PLUS reports that of the company's 1.4 million employees, 1.2 million are classified as hourly. Blake Jackson, a Walmart spokesperson, calls the company a " leader in retail" for this policy. "We believe our people are able to do their best work when they have stability and consistency in their lives away from the store," he wrote in an emailed statement to Fortune. While calling Walmart a leader isn't quite accurate—Ikea, Levi’s, Nordstrom and Apple are among the companies that provide equal leave to both hourly and salaried employees—it's not trailing the pack either. Other major employers who have distinct (and worse) policies for hourly workers include AT&T (t), Darden Restaurants, McDonald's (mcd), Starbucks (sbux), Supervalu, and Yum!Brands (which owns brands like Taco Bell and Pizza Hut). And that's just the companies that are transparent about their policies. PLUS reports that 13 of the 25 employers surveyed either refused to participate or did not respond to its survey—these include major U.S. retailers like Whole Foods and Wegmans. Among those that did provide information to PLUS, Starbucks' policy stands out for its inequity. For employees at the corporate headquarters (who account for 3% of its workforce), the company provides 18 weeks of paid parental leave for mothers and 12 weeks for fathers. By contrast, in-store employees who become new moms get six weeks of paid leave, while dads get nothing beyond the federally-mandated 12 weeks of unpaid leave. Starbuck's response to a request for comment was to refer Fortune to this blog post outlining the company parental leave policy, which notes that that company spent over $558 million on its benefits package for part-time and full-time workers in 2016. Subscribe to the Broadsheet, Fortune’s daily newsletter on the world’s most powerful women. While it is easy to point fingers and shame corporations for not offering paid leave to all employees, Katie Bethell, founder and executive director of PLUS told Fortune in an interview about an earlier version of the non-profit's report that "ultimately, solving paid family leave will require a national public policy." Currently, no such policy exists and the U.S. is the only OECD country without one. Earlier this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer released an official statement on behalf of the president. In it, President Trump wrote that he is "committed to working with Congress" to ensure mothers and fathers in the U.S. have access to paid-family leave—an issue that his eldest daughter and advisor, Ivanka Trump, has been a vocal proponent of. However, the administration has yet to take any concrete steps to advance a comprehensive paid family and medical leave program. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune Minne, the creature of Lake Calhoun in Minneapolis, observes a woman's paddle board yoga pose. Photo: Rachel Woolf/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump claims witch hunt, says he's most hounded leader ever Rep. Nolan meets Trump officials in bid to revive copper mining near BWCA Judge laments $15M in legal fees in Twin Cities archdiocese bankruptcy Minnesota bill against female mutilation raises opposition Wisconsin tornado's trail of destruction was unusually long, raising theory of second twister U regents defend leak probe over latest sexual harassment allegations Berrios shines again, strikes out 11 as Twins split doubleheader with Rockies Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell dies at 52 after hanging himself Steve Martin and Martin Short team up as two amigos going for musical laughs Bud Grant's garage sale draws 'worldwide' attention — just don't haggle Topgolf about to tap into Twin Cities with glitzy, high-tech all-season center next Business 423027103 Wal-Mart's online strategy is starting to pay off By Sarah Halzack Washington Post May 18, 2017 — 4:26pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Wal-Mart has recently put its foot on the gas in its bid to catch up to Amazon.com in the e-commerce world, most notably by acquiring a collection of smaller shopping sites and rolling out splashy offers such as free two-day shipping on many purchases. Now there are signs that it is paying off: Wal-Mart on Thursday reported a robust 63 percent surge in online sales in the most recent quarter. Importantly, the company said that the majority of the increase came from sales growth at Walmart.com, suggesting fresh momentum at its flagship digital business. “The acquisitions have received a lot of attention, but our plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success,” said Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart’s chief executive, in remarks to investors. Online shopping still comprises only a tiny slice of Wal-Mart’s business, and it remains to be seen whether this strong growth is sustainable. But it is an encouraging sign for a company that has spent billions of dollars to trying to step up its game in this arena. Marc Lore, the leader of the retailer’s online business, said that a key driver of the growth was its move to offer free two-day shipping on millions of items without a membership fee. That model was meant to offer Amazon Prime-like speed without having to pay a membership fee. Wal-Mart said it also helped that it has expanded its assortment online to 50 million items, a fivefold increase from this time last year. The company has been trying several new tactics to lure more online shoppers, including offering a discount on certain e-commerce purchases if shoppers pick them at a store instead of having them delivered to their homes. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart’s broader U.S. business looked healthy in the quarter. The company reported an increase of 1.4 percent in comparable sales, a measure of its sales online and at stores open more than a year. That marked its 11th consecutive quarter of growth on this measure. That consistent run of growth stands in contrast to what has been seen lately in the wider retail industry. Target recently reported its fourth consecutive quarter of declining comparable sales. Department stores such as Macy’s, J.C. Penney and Kohl’s saw their sales slide in the latest quarter. Things are looking grim at several specialty apparel retailers: Ralph Lauren said Thursday that it recorded a 16 percent plunge in quarterly sales. Ascena Retail Group, the parent company of Ann Taylor, Loft and other clothing chains, saw its stock nose-dive some 38 percent on Thursday after it lowered its forecasts for the year, citing “unprecedented secular change” in its category of retailing. “Given the current retail landscape, with many retailers experiencing challenges across multiple categories, we believe Wal-Mart will continue to turn up the competitive heat by utilizing its scale and technological advantages to extract increased market share,” said Charlie O’Shea, a retail analyst at Moody’s, in a research note. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Target looks to capture more business from bankrupt retailers Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell dies at 52 after hanging himself Minnesota bill against female mutilation raises opposition How the recession split the millennial generation into haves and have-nots Big drop in sales fuels sell-off of Mattel shares Brooklyn Park-based Mocon sold to larger Ametek Electronics chain HHGregg is going out of business With funding boost, FPX rises as price configuration software takes off Pressure on Cub Foods, other grocery operations, send Supervalu into the red More From Business National 50 minutes ago Trump Labor secretary tells G-20: More apprenticeships in US U.S. Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta is making public-private apprenticeships his debut issue as President Donald Trump's point man on matching American workers with specific jobs. National 12:50am Officials: Man who ran over pedestrians was 'hearing voices' A man accused of steering his car onto one of the busiest sidewalks in the U.S. and mowing down pedestrians for three blocks before a row of steel security barriers finally stopped him told police he was "hearing voices," law enforcement officials said. National 12:45am Sen. Warren to give commencement address at Wheelock College U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is slated to deliver the commencement address at Boston's Wheelock College. Business 12:25am 3 injured after fire breaks out at Google conference Authorities say three people were injured after a kitchen fire broke out during Google's I/O developer conference at a California venue that normally hosts concerts. North Metro 12:10am Topgolf about to tap into Twin Cities with glitzy, high-tech all-season center The Dallas- based company with locations around the country is slated to open in Brooklyn Center, where a Regal Cinemas theater now operates. Top Stories Trump claims witch hunt, says he's most hounded leader ever 12:12am Rep. Nolan meets Trump officials in bid to revive copper mining near BWCA May. 18 Judge laments $15M in legal fees in Twin Cities archdiocese bankruptcy May. 18 Most Read Target looks to capture more business from bankrupt retailers • Business Rep. Nolan meets Trump officials in bid to revive copper mining near BWCA • Business Feds sue UnitedHealth alleging at least $1 billion in false claims • Business Millennials finally embracing American dream of homeownership • Business Minnesota employers getting creative in the hunt for good workers in good economy • Business World Brazil's Temer: 'I won't resign' amid corruption allegations Thanks to global warming, Antarctica is starting to turn green Nation Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 Roger Ailes, troubled Fox News founder, dies at 77 Politics Trump claims witch hunt, says he's most hounded leader ever Education veto, spending fight dominate end days of Minn. Legislature markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Berrios shines again, strikes out 11 as Twins split doubleheader with Rockies Molitor gives the Twins a midgame pep talk during doubleheader Vikings Bud Grant's garage sale draws 'worldwide' attention — just don't haggle Reusse: Wilfs lauded for paying for their own 'iconic' practice complex MN United Minnesota United to face familiar foe Sporting Kansas City in U.S. Open Cup United goalkeeper misses practice for operation on broken nose Celebrities Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell dies at 52 after hanging himself Jimmy Fallon on backlash to his friendly hair-tousling of Trump: 'I was devastated' Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII poll Which Minnesota major league sports team will be the most successful... 10,000 Takes Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Millennial thanks the 'unofficial mothers' she met in Minnesota Featured Gallery Preppers: Prepared for the worst, not necessarily paranoid 12 photos Concerns about everything from natural disasters to attacks has some Minnesota ... Featured Video 'Big KAT' Karl-Anthony Towns and Kit Kat team up for ad 01:04 Minnesota Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns got to show off his acting ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Man, 20, charged with murder in Oakland parking lot, officials Man tried to light ‘small child’ on fire at Hayward 3 staffers injured in fire at Google tech event in Mountain View Trump calls FBI probe ‘witch hunt,’ contradicts why he fired News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Young or old, Saudi women live under male relatives' control The Latest: Trump denies asking Comey to shelve Flynn probe Polls open in first Iran presidential vote since atomic deal Officials: Man who ran over pedestrians was 'hearing voices' Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Gray picks up first win as A’s thump Red Sox Buried treasure? Undrafted Cole Hikutini could stick with 49ers Cal alum James Hahn tied for 1st in Byron Nelson tourney Defense turns season around for Stanford baseball Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF CA approves new refinery safety rules 5 years after Chevron fire Uber appeals arbitration ruling in Waymo case California grid sets record, with 67% of power from renewables Amazon drones on, Apple tests India, and Delta rides with Lyft A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Chinese Theatre marks 90 years as Hollywood glamour hot spot The latest from Dear Abby Chris Cornell: the startling suicide of an eclectic talent Bathed in 1980s glory, U2 fans find what they’re looking for Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Curry Up Now buys Tava Kitchen, expands to Alameda Jackson Family Wines buys Brewer-Clifton in Sta. Rita Hills Price gouging hits cult brews Five beer clubs to join in California Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored An expert warns against exotic travel plans for young children Opening Ceremony debuts detachable jeans, immediately gets mocked Are Alexa and Siri teaching our children to be rude? Is the grass really greener? People who left the Bay Area for the Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Five ways to enjoy Filoli Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Sumptuous details in Eureka Valley view home Two Eichlers hit Marin market at different price points: Which This $1.79-million castle in the Santa Cruz mountains has a Wine Country oasis ripe for the picking Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Walmart-gets-boost-from-online-sales-11157013.php Walmart gets a boost from online sales By Anne D’Innocenzio Updated 5:00 pm, Thursday, May 18, 2017 Photo: John Carl D'Annibale, Albany Times Union Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo Signs promote Walmart’s new service that allows shoppers to buy online and pick up orders at a store. Signs promote Walmart’s new service that allows shoppers to buy online and pick up orders at a store. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale, Albany Times Union Buy this photo Walmart gets a boost from online sales 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Walmart saw online sales soar as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world’s largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the 10th quarter in a row. That’s a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller shopping sites, the retailer said that a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. “We’re transforming to become more of a digital enterprise,” said Walmart CEO Doug McMillon. Latest business videos The report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy’s, Kohl’s, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even discount retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Walmart’s efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retail bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than 100 chains, said revenue at established stores is expected to be flat for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Walmart’s results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. “Walmart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy,” Stifel analyst Mark Astrachan wrote in a note. The company has retooled online operations, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Walmart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers, installing its founder, Marc Lore, as head of the online business. It then added ShoeBuy, Moosejaw and ModCloth, which remain stand-alone operators. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That’s up 10 million from a year ago. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, “the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success.” “The majority of our growth is and will be organic. The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up.” Walmart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon’s juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore said Thursday that Walmart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has lowered the free-shipping minimum purchase price for nonmembers. In April, Walmart began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. It plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Walmart is also shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company’s estimated range. The grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. First-quarter profits were $3.04 billion ($1 per share), beating Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. Anne D’Innocenzio is an Associated Press writer. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TRUMP TURMOIL Chaffetz to resign, raising doubts about Trump probe Trump can't land helicopter on ancient fortress, cancels visit Trump: Lieberman among top choices to head FBI Trump campaign had multiple calls, emails with Russians Striking Time cover shows Russia taking over White House LATEST NEWS Police: Man tried to light 'small child' on fire at Denny’s Ex-Uber employee says he was fired for reporting harassment DJ Khaled crashes Cal statistics commencement 3 staffers seriously injured in fire at Google tech event UC regents defend Napolitano, thank auditor for probe Teen: Oakland cop coached her how to be good prostitute Sun turning a 'Death Star' like coronal hole at Earth Opening Ceremony mocked for detachable jeans Want to buy home in SF? Stop eating LOTS of avocado toast Millionaire to millennials: Stop buying avocado toast, $4 coffee Report: 13% of San Franciscans can afford median-priced home Levi's Stadium blasted on social media after U2 concert Bathed in '80s glory, U2 fans find what they’re looking for Usual dose of weird forecast for sunny 2017 Bay to Breakers Bay Area heats up for Bay to Breakers Talbot: Readers blast their horns about Uber and Lyft On jammed SF streets, ride hailing collides with urban well-being TODAY'S TOP PICKS Big disparities found in interracial marriage — and opinions... Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell found dead after concert No space for errors that bring on horror in ‘Alien: Covenant’ Most Popular 1 Chaffetz to resign, raising doubts about Trump probe 2 3 staffers injured in fire at Google tech event in Mountain View 3 Man beaten in SF’s Dolores Park with golf club, knife and... 4 Trump administration announces plans to renegotiate NAFTA 5 Trump can't land helicopter on ancient fortress, cancels visit 6 Levi's Stadium management blasted on social media after U2... 7 Police: Woman stole luxury stroller at Disney, then tried to... 8 Striking Time magazine cover shows Russia taking over the... 9 Elementary teacher arrested for bringing meth into class 10 Oops! Bella Hadid suffers wardrobe malfunction at Cannes View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:43pm Fri 19 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall Street rebounds, Brazil slumps By Margreet Dietz 7:40 AM Friday May 19, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets New York Stock Exchange Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / Getty Images Wall Street climbed, recovering some of Wednesday's losses, while Brazil's stocks, bonds and currency slumped as concern about the nation's corruption scandal intensified, implicating President Michel Temer. Brazil's Ibovespa Index plunged 8.5 per cent in mid-afternoon trading. "Markets will overreact, but the reality is that Brazil is rooting out the corruption that has plagued it for centuries,"James Gulbrandsen, a Rio de Janeiro-based portfolio manager at NCH Capital who holds Brazilian shares, told Bloomberg. "This significantly increases the likelihood of new elections within the coming months." Meanwhile, Wall Street rebounded, following Wednesday's declines amid reports that prompted concern US President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice. In 3.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.8 percent. In 2.59pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 0.6 per cent. "This whole bull market is all about panic attacks followed by relief rallies, and this was another one," Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research Inc in Brookville, New York, told Bloomberg. "My hunch is that the Trump impeachment panic attack was a one-day wonder and we'll move on from there." The Dow rose, led by gains in shares of Wal-Mart Stores and those of Verizon, up 3.1 per cent and 2.4 per cent respectively. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores climbed after the world's top retailer posted quarterly results that showed better-than-expected sales both in stores and online. Continued below. Related Content Expert culture has killed the innovator in workplaces Saudi students passed Unitec course despite cheating and threatening lecturer Your Views: Readers' letters "Wal-Mart's commitment to value pricing is driving traffic and growth in grocery and aggressive online strides are impacting comparable sales," Cowen & Co's senior research analyst Oliver Chen said in a note, Reuters reported. Walmart said US comparable sales rose 1.4 per cent in the quarter ended April 28, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5 per cent. Its US online sales increased 63 per cent in the first quarter, while gross merchandise volume climbed 69 per cent, Wal-Mart said, adding that he majority of this growth was organic through Walmart.com. Markets will overreact, but the reality is that Brazil is rooting out the corruption that has plagued it for centuries. James Gulbrandsen, a Rio de Janeiro-based portfolio manager at NCH Capital "All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people," Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm AT Kearney, told Bloomberg. Bucking the trend were shares of Cisco, which plunged 7.8 per cent for the largest percentage drop in the Dow. Cisco announced further job cuts and offered an earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. "We saw a significant slowdown in the US public sector, particularly the federal business-which is a pretty significant business for us-due to the uncertainty in budgets," CEO Chuck Robbins told CNBC. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a slide of 0.5 per cent from the previous close. Germany's DAX Index fell 0.3 per cent, while France's CAC40 Index declined 0.5 per cent, and the UK's FTSE 100 Index dropped 0.9 per cent. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in brief News snippets from around Northland. Hawke's Bay Today Bruce Bisset: Turning a tap for change It's a mistake to treat suburbs as separate identities Bay of Plenty Times More than $350k to help recycle waste wood $359,000 has been invested to help recycle waste wood Our Features' Top Stories Driven Behold the Porsche 911 inspired super yacht New range of super yachts styld by a Porsche studio... Viva Best dressed of the week Our favourite celebrity looks this week, from Cannes to Sydney True Commercial Green star guides stakeholders Green Star-rated buildings help companies attract high-calibre staff and reduce worker… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 19 May 2017 19:00:14 Processing Time: 79ms
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Phone calls, dinner, and an awkward HUG: How fired FBI director James Comey was 'unsettled' by interactions with Trump and was left 'disgusted' after embrace from President at ceremony EXCLUSIVE: How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour of coming off stage' Ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn claims Trump told him to 'stay strong' months after he was fired Wrap your outfits in SOCKS, cling wrap liquid makeup and put shoes in shower caps: The genius packing tips to keep your luggage perfectly organised Luxury Italian shoe firm Gianvito Rossi is accused of refusing to give Serena Williams a celebrity discount because 'the company did not want African American women to wear its shoes' Four Duggar sisters sue Arkansas city and a magazine who 'revealed their identities after they told police they had been molested by brother Josh' Diet not working? Just meditate: Study reveals mindfulness helped people lose 7 times more weight than people on a standard regime Teenage prostitute at center of Oakland police sex scandal tells court how married cop 'acted like a pimp and taught her how to be a good hooker' Deadliest Catch star Sig Hansen 'arrested for assault after spitting on Uber driver and kicking car' 'I've seen people pass out, hit the floor like a pancake and smash their face open': Tesla CEO Elon Musk comes under fire as employees claim they are forced to work in harsh conditions Sunscreen scam: A THIRD of the most popular bottles 'don't offer the protection they promise', study warns Personal trainer reveals how meal prepping TWO MONTHS worth of lunches and dinners before giving birth helped her stay healthy and avoid junk food after pregnancy PICTURED: The girl, 18, killed by ex-military man with a history of drunk driving who 'mowed down Times Square crowds after smoking synthetic marijuana' in horror attack that has left another 22 injured EXCLUSIVE: How Planet Hollywood hero who helped apprehend druggie Navy vet who plowed into Times Square tourists The number of atheists in America could be 10 times more than previous estimates: New study uses indirect technique to sidestep possible 'stigma' Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down Thirteen people are injured as ANOTHER train derails outside of New York City during rush hour  'I wanted to kill them, you were supposed to kill me': Drug-crazed driver who plowed into pedestrians on the sidewalk in Times Square - killing one and injuring 22 - tells cops he planned a murder-suicide spree Trump to 'try diplomatic engagement with North Korea to resolve nuclear crisis' Army pulls recruitment commercial titled 'Honor' after discovering one of the soldiers featured in it raped a 15-year-old girl  Marla Maples rushes to site of fatal Times Square crash and takes a series of SELFIES just feet from where teen died Think you're smarter than a first-grader? Think again! Math problem taken from a seven-year-old's test leaves the internet totally stumped FORTY-FOUR MS-13 gangsters - including the former head of the Los Angeles gang - face federal charges after pre-dawn police raids Put in the air-conditioner NOW: Forecasters predict a hotter than usual summer for almost the entire country - including Alaska Previous Next Doe my God! Moment a shopper tackles a DEER in a Wal-Mart pet aisle in central Minnesota A deer was tackled as it wandered around a Wal-Mart superstore in Minnesota  Tom Grasswick saw the animal and gently tackled it then covered its eyes  Neither the deer nor Grasswick were hurt, and it was released to the wild  The deer walked in through the garden door and wandered around the pet aisle  By Abigail Miller For Dailymail.com Published: 17:03 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 17:09 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail 37 shares 29 View comments A Wal-Mart shopper in central Minnesota wrestled a deer to the ground and held it down until the animal could be set free, authorities said Wednesday. The pet-aisle mayhem occurred around 7.30pm on Tuesday at the Wal-Mart super store in Wadena, Minnesota, reported the Star Tribune.  A photo of the man, Tom Grasswick, pinning the deer down and covering its eyes in an effort to keep it from resisting, was later shared to Facebook by Stephanie Koljonen, and has received a lot of media attention A photo of the man, Tom Grasswick, pinning the deer down and covering its eyes in an effort to keep it from resisting, was later shared to Facebook by Stephanie Koljonen, and has received a lot of media attention.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next California man, 24, sentenced to more than three years in... ¿Heartbreaking¿ footage shows distressed giant Panda clawing... Share this article Share However, Koljonen and police were quick to point out that neither the deer nor any of its human rescuers were hurt in the commotion.   She said: 'We were shopping for dog dishes, and we were hearing something falling and a lady screaming.'  The pet-aisle mayhem occurred around 7.30pm on Tuesday at the Wal-Mart super store in Wadena, Minnesota (pictured)  Then, she explained, the saw the deer sliding around on the smooth floor and Grasswick quickly pinning the animal against a bag of dog food.  'I figured I was bigger than the deer, so I'd win that wrestling match,' Grasswick told WDAY-TV. The doe whisperer is from a nearby town called Deer Creek, which is only fitting.  He said that the deer came in through the motion-activated garden door and just 'walked down the aisle.'  Read more: Shopper tackles deer in Wadena Wal-Mart pet aisle - StarTribune.com WDAY Share or comment on this article e-mail 37 shares Most watched News videos Laying low: Lady fakes road accident when car is still far away NYPD Officers driving to emergency hit bicyclist in Brooklyn Artist projects protest slogans on Trump International Hotel in DC Must watch video of shotgunning a beer with a real gun This 3-year-old is distraught after her Daddy's team looses Dozens of MS-13 gang members rounded up in Los Angeles raid Florida's Lt. Governor heads to the Everglades to hunt pythons Female security guard viciously punched by man in Chicago Amazing footage of sharks swimming very close to Myrtle beach Bunny rabbit escapes through impossibly small gap in cage Man found dead in car in North Charleston Ivanka shares video of her son Theordore's first steps School bus flips over in horrific hit-and run-crash that... Startling moment escaped prisoner tries to flee cops with... 'I killed my wife and I don't know why': 91-year-old man... Florida man 'high on heroin' arrested after toddler son... FORTY-FOUR MS-13 gangsters - including the former head of... Blacks and Latinos are less likely to have saved enough... New Jersey student dies after playing deadly online... Army pulls recruitment commercial titled 'Honor' after... US Navy Admiral is jailed for 18 months for his role in... The number of atheists in America could be 10 TIMES more... Stay-at-home mom, 29, 'was busted with prescription pills... Laying a claim! ‘Scammer’ who schemes compensation... Daily Show is accused of transphobia for tweeted joke... Mom, 48, whose twins went missing more than 10 years ago... Four cops caught on camera tasing and slamming teenage... Man charged with murder after missing ex-wife's body is... House explodes in flames in shocking arson attack killing... Amtrak engineer who caused deadly 2015 derailment which... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 29 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Jennifer Garner is a vision in strapless dress as she joins Bryan Cranston at Wakefield NYC screening Actress and mother wowed on the red carpet Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming her new movie Aquaman Go hard or go home! Iggy Azalea flaunts her toned tummy and ample cleavage in a crop top and skintight leggings as she promotes Switch Downhill kisser! Lindsey Vonn shares an awkward smooch with her boyfriend Kenan Smith at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere Attempted PDA Family business! Teresa Giudice and Melissa Gorga look lovely in blush and red as they attend the opening of Joe's eatery Her husband is in jail  Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Extra protection  Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Hoping to get noticed! Becky G puts on eye-popping display in plunging white frock at Hollywood premiere The singer stunned as she flaunted her figure Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down Has played him before 'It's a tradition now': Johnny Depp greets Jimmy Kimmel with big kiss on the lips while appearing on chat show Actor locked lips with the host  Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC The twins matched in blue in the Big Apple   SPOILER ALERT: Scandal season six comes to a gripping finale full of political intrigue Final episode of penultimate season  SPOILER ALERT: Grey's Anatomy regular departs the hospital in show's surprising 13th season finale One doctor hung up their scrubs  Fresh-faced Kris Jenner sports bright red Adidas tracksuit as she leaves Kardashian go-to skin clinic The 61-year-old sported the flashy name brand  Bella Thorne is swamped by flowers as she receives two more bouquets from mystery admirer... after being spotted with Scott Disick The diva goes casual! Mariah Carey slips into skintight, black tank top and floral leggings as she heads to grocery store in Santa Monica  Stunning shape  Well she is engaged to Billy Elliot! Kate Mara wears New York Giants shirt as she leaves ballet workout session in LA Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model also donned a purple wig Peep show! Laverne Cox stuns in sheer lingerie selfie but uses her long hair to strategically protect her modesty Four Duggar sisters file privacy lawsuit against an Arkansas city and magazine after their identities were revealed when they 'told police they had been molested' Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Keeping the flame alive! New redhead Ariel Winter shows off her fit figure as she hits the gym with boyfriend Levi Recently celebrated their six-month anniversary Jennifer Garner looks chic in pinstripe dress as she heads to The Late Show to see her old friend Stephen Colbert The 45-year-old actress wowed in NYC  Boning up: Eagle-eyed fans catch Alex Rodriguez's eyebrow-raising broadcast notes which include 'birth control' and 'pull out stuff'  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's $427,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus $51,000 worth of caviar Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic trip Aha me hearties! Johnny Depp ditches pirates garb for silver and black three-piece suit at Dead Men Tell No Tales premiere in Hollywood 'Been wanting this for a long time': Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa gets her kids' birth dates inked on her arm Showed off the new ink Ivanka's son Theo takes his first steps: First daughter uploads adorable video of youngster walking for the first time  New York chic! Kerry Washington stuns in grey mini dress for Scandal viewing party at Manhattan's Paley Center It's the season finale! Smiling Rebel Wilson carries a koala purse as she appears at Supreme Court in Melbourne, Australia, ahead of her defamation trial against Woman's Day magazine Legs for days! Irina Shayk drapes her spellbinding post-baby body in a tiny smock while heading through LAX Flaunted her physique  Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT opening ceremony kiss Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles accuses singer of lying to judge over recent serving of legal documents The legal dispute is hotting up  Jeff Goldblum confesses his man crush on Chris Hemsworth and admits he feels like a 'dung beetle' around the buff star Leading man! Joel Edgerton cuts a dapper figure as he celebrates Ridley Scott's hand and footprint ceremony on Hollywood's Walk of Fame Obsessed Kylie Jenner fan, who believes he's her 'soul mate' and tried to get into her house multiple times, CONFESSES TO MURDER  Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller gets court approval to travel from LA to NYC for paid TV appearances She could start serving time next month  She's a Real Housewife in New York! Yolanda Hadid moves from Beverly Hills to the Big Apple to be near kids She wants to be near Bella and Gigi  Harry Styles releases a trailer for his documentary on making of his album as he gets a haircut, has a mould made of his face and is suspended 50ft in the air 'It's not my sort of music': Liam Payne brands One Direction bandmate Harry Style's debut single as 'not something I'd listen to' Gianvito Rossi 'refused to give Serena Williams a discount because the luxury company didn't want African American women wearing its shoes' The Empire Strikes Door! Star Wars search is on to find the clumsy Stormtrooper behind the most famous movie blooper of all time Aisha Tyler divorce settlement calls for $2 million in spousal support over four years to ex-husband Jeff Tietjens Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble Braless Robin Wright flashes her nipples in slinky gown at Cannes... as she reveals her shock at being paid less than House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey FIRST GLIMPSE: Elizabeth Giles and Nathalie Kelley duke it out as rivals Fallon and Cristal in first trailer for The CW's Dynasty revival Braless Petra Nemcova suffers a wardrobe malfunction as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Loveless premiere in Cannes She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted The VERY racy secrets of The Graduate as film turns 50: Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive, BRIAN VINER reveals Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt 'It didn't feel right at the time': Russell Crowe finally reveals why he turned down iconic Wolverine role before suggesting Hugh Jackman instead 'I've been every size!' Jessica Simpson says her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Ramona Singer, 60, celebrates her 22-year-old daughter's college graduation with a throwback photo of herself in a string bikini posing with her little girl  Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll Alec Baldwin gets $1.25 million for El Dorado apartment on New York City's Upper West Side The property was said to be used as an office  Just the two of us! Zac Efron takes the wheel during sunset boat cruise with Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario... after denying romance rumors 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  Cut a cool figure  Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Cannes Film Festival   How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour of coming off stage'  Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami His ripped physique  drives his fans wild 'This has hit him very hard': Brad Pitt 'in shock' over the deaths of his two great friends Brad Grey and Chris Cornell 'We stick it out': Brian Austin Green reveals how he makes marriage with Megan Fox last through rocky times Actor said their chemistry has helped them  Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in prison for fraud Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Leggy Cara Delevingne opts for edgy glamor in asymmetric gown with shaved hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Duchess of Cambridge's former Latin teacher becomes first EVER female headteacher of elite private school Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds streets of New York during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Together for 18 months Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts curves on show as she poses with 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-style shoot It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Missing Ruby? The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso hugs her pillow tightly and checks her phone as she and sister Lisa head to Darwin for concert Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Put on a showstopping display  Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Plenty more where that came from! Blink 182's Travis Barker sells one of his five homes... and someone drummed up a bargain  Cut his property portfolio Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home was built in 1885 and comes with its own library  Melania announces she'll join Trump on their first foreign trip as President and First Lady to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Rome, Brussels, and Sicily Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with embellished sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamor at  Cannes Film Festival  Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship in early days... as he admits school friends teased him for winking at her at first X Factor audition If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes makeup-free as she steps out in lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards The singer claimed: 'I'm not a Cher fan' EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden, 22, reveals her addiction to prescription drugs - which she mixes with CHAMPAGNE - to cope with depression after miscarriage 'It's rare that I see somebody who I can relate to': Star of Shonda Rhimes' new show calls for more diversity in film and the beauty industries Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy Strutted her way down a New York street  Wedding's off (again)! Teen Mom's Amber Portwood and fiancé Matt Baier put fall nuptials 'on hold' The couple are 'working on their relationship' Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Tied the knot last week  The hottest product in Hollywood? Sunscreen! As the weather heats up, FEMAIL details the sunblocks that the stars use to keep their skin flawless So what is it Pippa, a wedding or a rock concert? Barriers, chairs and trucks arrive just 48 hours before Duchess Kate's little sister gets married Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Pair closer than ever Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamor in sweeping red jumpsuit  And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her Former Hannah Montana star was only 15 when they locked lips The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday Sported fashion with a message  Plus size model Barbie Ferreira strips down on camera as she reveals she was bullied by other fashion stars on set because she was the only 'fat girl' Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Not usual edgy self Amy Schumer manages a smile as she reveals she's looking for a 'nice guy' in first appearance since split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch It's over! Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The couple split four days ago Deadliest Catch star Sig Hansen 'arrested for assault after spitting on Uber driver and kicking car' The fishing captain was detained in Seattle  Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Vacation vibes! Meet the designer behind the clothing brand Tolani that stars Nicky Hilton and Camilla Belle go to for their holiday outfit essentials Kesha reveals how cruel social media comments and unflattering paparazzi pictures fueled her eating disorder Singer, 30, opens up  Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on stroll in scorching hot New York City with wife Blake Lively Married for four years Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals She's hot favorite Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua Magic moments for mom-of-three 'Want me to make you a White Russian?' Andy Cohen drinks Amber Tamblyn's breast milk... as actress reveals she has tasted Blake Lively's 'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans Actress revealed it took her 11 years  'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Heiress dared to bare  Kate Hudson's ex Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como home he shared with actress for a cool $2M...and it has George and Amal Clooney as neighbors The doctor is in! Offspring frontman Dexter Holland earns PhD in molecular biology after putting his degree on hold when the band shot to fame Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC Losing war against wind Shirtless French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Khloe Kardashian's ex 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Been together 34 years College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Feeling a bit squiffy? British royal Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in the west of England Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded New York charity gala   The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as the supermodel jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York ...but almost loses one of her shoes Queen Elizabeth braves London showers as she presents the Scots Guards with new colors for the first time in 15 years and praises them for service 'I was told I was getting equal pay... but it's not true': Robin Wright poses topless and admits frustration at being paid less than HOC co-star Spacey 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film Michelle Williams is resplendent in glittering, form-fitting black gown as she joins co-star Julianne Moore for premiere of their movie Wonderstruck  Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumored beau Quavo 'She still inspires countless acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mom Diana as he and Harry present awards in her memory  Peep show! Kendall Jenner strips down to skimpy lacy underwear for psychedelic La Perla campaign The 21-year-old reality star flaunted her assets  Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai FIVE years ago as divorce papers finally surface Married for 17 years Dancing With The Stars' Kym Johnson appears in danger of losing a sleeve from her racy cut-out frock at the Women's Choice Awards Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner sports cycle shorts and shows off abs in revealing sports bra as she films new reality series in LA Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander in The Hague Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares snap from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues her Beijing trip Justin Bieber's rumored fling Sahara Ray barely covers her modesty as in a G-string during bizarre 'workout'... after THAT naked selfie A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in Bardot dress and beret at Cannes photocall Looked incredible Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her beloved pet pooch through Paris She's 50 in July Love can't wait! Joy-Anna Duggar and fiance Austin Forsyth move wedding to THIS WEEKEND  instead of original October date Big change of plans I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Showing him what he's missing! Bella Thorne flashes nipple on Snapchat as 'sex addict' Scott Disick spends the day with ANOTHER new mystery girl The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumored girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella 'Hey Beyonce... I got a secret': Amber Rose hacked with a series of feisty tweets where she claimed to be 'Becky with the good hair' She has got good hair... Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival The 19-year-old actress looked stylish  Michelle Williams displays her toned legs in mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall during Cannes Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumors Tori Spelling, 44, works on shedding post-baby weight in birthday workout with Tae Bo fitness guru Billy Blanks in Los Angeles Busy mom of five Summer ready! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in patterned red, white and blue skirt as she leaves her office in LA... after talking the future of Big Little Lies How Emma Stone introduced Taylor Swift to her 'charismatic' new man dubbed 'a quintessential panty dropper' who wowed leading ladies  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Visited video location The HI life! Margot Robbie looks thrilled as she enjoys a picnic with Tom Ackerley during romantic day in Hawaii She's been on bridesmaid duty The Dude abides! Jeff Bridges sells Montecito villa with vineyard and orchid greenhouse for $15.9m, almost half the asking price from two years ago Getting the chop! Fast and Furious star Elsa Pataky debuts her new micro bob as she pouts for the camera in fun selfie Chris Hemsworth's wife 'Something to prove': Carole Radziwill worries about Luann de Lesseps making 'biggest mistake' on RHONY The 53-year-old reality star had her doubts Keeping it classy! Courtney Stodden wears relatively demure white dress as she poses up a storm at Hollywood party Famous blonde LeAnn Rimes flashes sideboob as she goes braless in a tiny tank and denim shorts at Hollywood party Showcasing her pencil-thin legs  'I lost my six pack!' Gymnast Simone Biles reveals that her body shape changed during her appearance on Dancing With the Stars Opened up after exit 'Bye bye brown hair!' Ariel Winter becomes a redhead after a long day at hair salon in Los Angeles The 19-year-old also got some extensions Red hot! Penelope Cruz has Baywatch moment while hitting pool in crimson one-piece... as she enjoys break from filming American Crime Story Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night She's booty-ful! Wild haired Sofia Vergara shows off her incredible figure in tight jeans for shopping outing The 44-year-old enjoyed some retail therapy Meghan Markle arrives in London and is whisked straight to Kensington Palace ahead of Pippa Middleton's weekend wedding Pippa's brother-in-law to be Spencer Matthews emerges from a swanky hairdressers with a sharp, clean cut look as he prepares for his best man duties 'Please send healing prayers': Chloe Lattanzi shares an emotional tribute to her mother Olivia Newton-John as she battles a spinal and nerve condition Something to smile about: Jennifer Garner treats herself to a shopping spree a month after filing from divorce from Ben Affleck Enjoying 'me' time Karrueche Tran attends BFF J.Ryan La Cour's 30th birthday party with Christina Milian in WeHo Both have restraining orders against Brown Naomi Watts cuts a relaxed figure in a matching black and gold patterned combo as she drops by Late Night with Seth Meyers Looked radiant  EXCLUSIVE: 'How Mick Jagger seduced me at 17 behind Jerry's Hall back': Lady Antonia Fraser's daughter breaks her silence about their affair She's a real page turner! Ashley Graham displays hourglass figure in black cutout dress at New York book signing The plus size model Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Hundreds of mourners turn out for memorial service of ESPN host Chris Berman's wife Katherine one week after her tragic death in a car wreck ...after they rule the red carpet with Lily-Rose Depp at Cannes Film Festival's opening night gala... but there's ALREADY been a wardrobe malfunction! 'They've been inseparable': Joanna Krupa is 'feeling things out' with restaurateur Nico Santucci... just weeks after split with Romain Zago Lifeguard legs! Kelly Rohrbach shows off chiseled legs in high-cut white dress as she swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! ahead of Baywatch release Bearded Jim Carrey joins Mel Brooks at the star-studded premiere of If You're Not In The Obit, Eat Breakfast After debuting his new facial hair  Family fun! Margot Robbie hits the beach in Hawaii with new husband Tom Ackerley and her mother... weeks after pregnancy rumors surfaced Sweet treat! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn cool down with a post-school popsicle as they walk home in the sunshine  Feeling the heat in NYC PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cozy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying 'Sex addict' Wonder who she Scott them from? Bella Thorne shows off huge bouquet of flowers sent by mystery admirer They were spotted out on the town together 'I am really proud of Miley': Five years sober Demi Lovato commends alleged feud-mate Cyrus after she stopped using drink and drugs No sign of bad blood  Saturday Night Live veteran Bobby Moynihan to leave the show after nine seasons as his comedy - Me, Myself and I - is picked up for fall by CBS A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York She flashed a smile Church of England confirms Meghan Markle CAN marry Prince Harry at Westminster Abbey even though she is a divorcee Is Prince Harry going to pop the question to Meghan Markle on August 4?  Suits star yet to meet Queen Elizabeth but Harry is set to propose  'As far as I know, she hasn't said yes': Zac Efron denies he is dating stunning Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario after THAT 'kiss' photo A sunny disposition! New dad Liam Payne rocks a bright yellow jacket in NYC... as girlfriend Cheryl breaks her silence on 'amazing' motherhood Suits her well! Rumer Willis steps out in angelic all-white ensemble to support mental health awareness month in LA She is 28 That's what friends are for! Cressida Bonas braves a downpour as she hurries through Chinatown to support Princess Eugenie as she hosts an event  Rachel Lindsay's potential suitors on The Bachelorette include a guy with a childhood crush, a crier, and self-described 'Tickle Monster' Justice served, twice! Victoria brings her sister Madison to Pirates Of The Caribbean celebration in Beverly Hills Sibling love Amber Rose 'slept while intruder broke into her house and stayed for four hours'... but nothing was stolen At her LA home after a trip to Miami That's her secret! Cameron Diaz shows off her youthful face as she picks up some organic treats at Whole Foods in Beverly Hills At the grocery store Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping green velvet gown at Cannes Opening Gala Keeping her close! Protective Ruby Rose places an arm around girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as the besotted pair stroll together in Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE - 'I sat crying for 10 minutes': Lisa Vanderpump celebrates China's decision to ban dog meat after her years of advocacy work Bikini-clad Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible toned figure and ample cleavage in bondage inspired two-piece ahead of Cannes Film Festival 'It's not every day that a Backstreet Boy holds you hostage': Chloe Lattanzi looks TERRIFIED as AJ McLean holds a knife to her on set of horror film Hand Solo! Harrison Ford steals the show in bespoke suit as he introduces Ridley Scott at director's Hollywood handprint ceremony One of his best friends You CANNES wear cream! Copy the neutral-color gowns of film fest stars Emily Ratajkowski and Elle Fanning with our edit of affordable alternatives Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Showstopping display  Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in plunging pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes  Newly engaged Eva Herzigová dazzles in embellished gold gown as she makes a glamorous appearance at Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony 'I've given her the best nose job!' Khloe Kardashian's make-up artist reveals the subtle contouring tricks she uses to transform the reality star's face 'I love everything about it': Ashley Nell Tipton has had gastric bypass surgery and is thrilled with the effects The Project Runway star had surgery last month Short and booty-ful! Ariel Winter heads to the hair salon dressed in a VERY revealing pair of black denim cut-offs The Modern Family actress Playing for the W! Dennis Quaid has been cast as George W Bush in FX series Katrina: American Crime Story Miniseries focusing on Hurricane Katrina John F. Kennedy Jr.'s handsome doppelganger nephew, Jack Schlossberg, 24, spotted enjoying a morning bike ride in New York City  Real Housewife of New York Carole Radziwill sued by businesswoman Barbara Kavovit for 'secretly recording a private conversation'  Going for a spin! Mariska Hargitay shows off her white tulle overcoat while posing on the red carpet at the star-studded Paley Honors event Jonathan Cheban brought Kardashian family to Mexican restaurant ONE DAY after it reopened following cockroach infestation Nicole Murphy shows off curvaceous figure in maxi dress while dropping her pampered pups before shopping with mom In West Hollywood  'He's nervous in an excited, good way!' George Clooney is 'hunkering down' in England until birth of twins Set to be a father 'I want to inspire people and find a solution': Chris Hemsworth announces his new environmental role to protect the ocean from plastic Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Is THIS what Pippa's $50,000 'classic with a progressive twist' wedding dress by Ann Summers designer Giles Deacon will look like? Monochrome magnificence: Rumer Willis nails Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) in Lip Sync Battle sneak peek The 28-year-old daughter of Bruce Willis  Showing him what he's missing! Christie Brinkley, 63, flashes her legs in NYC after 'beau' David Foster 'kisses Katharine McPhee in Malibu' Service with a smile! Yahya Abdul-Mateen beams at waiting cameramen as he gets driven to the set of superhero film Aquaman in a limo Love in the air? The Leftovers star Margaret Qualley, 22, rumored to be dating Beasts Of No Nation director Cary Fukunaga, 39 New couple alert? 'Heartbreak is painful': Jessica Gomes talks about past loves and her relationship with actor beau Xavier Samuel They have been together since September One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Emily Ratajkowski boldly mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress at this year's opening gala She's not sweating it! Ivanka Trump steps out in soaring D.C. temperatures wearing a sweater and pants, after getting a visit from her glam squad 'I tried to dance on a stripper pole... and I had a BLAST': Jennifer Lawrence responds after racy footage emerges of her on wild night out at X-rated club  Big Little Lies star Iain Armitage takes on Jim Parsons' role in first trailer for Big Bang Theory prequel Young Sheldon Sneak peek Rose Byrne stuns in glamorous new photoshoot... as she speaks out about 'misogynistic' comedies where women are 'always the nagging one' STEPHEN GLOVER: Yes, they're in love but this oh-so lavish wedding won't endear Pippa to the public - or help the Royals  Tie the knot on Saturday What a transformation! Penelope Cruz channels Donatella Versace in tight red dress and blonde wig to film scenes for Gianni Versace biopic A bump in The Hills: Pregnant Whitney Port goes comfortable in denim jacket and leggings as she takes stroll through Beverly Hills Marion Cotillard dazzles in two glamorous ensembles as her new movie Ismael's Ghosts premieres on opening night of Cannes  'Oh yummy! I simply adore a wedding toast': Pippa's advice on how to get married, as told to CRAIG BROWN Lots of tips for the nuptials  Harry Styles takes to the stage for exclusive Los Angeles gig... as girlfriend Tess Ward speaks out after hateful comments from his fans The One Direction star Those workouts are paying off! Miley Cyrus flashes toned midriff with mom Tish by her side as she 'takes over' NBC this week In NYC Spicey cracks a smile! Melissa McCarthy grins as New Yorkers cheer her on in outtakes from her latest Sean Spicer SNL skit A few laughs Wet and wild! Kylie Jenner shares seductive shot of herself wearing a sheer black one-piece swimsuit Ready for summer  'What's wrong with you!?' Jeffrey Tambor EMBARRASSES Ryan Seacrest after host awkwardly mistakes him for deceased actor from Ghost 'My heart is shattered... I'm in shock': Aaron and Nick Carter in mourning over father's sudden death at 65 Heartbreaking posts  Quick pick me up! Vanessa Hudgens looks cute in a crop top and military boots as she grabs coffee in West Hollywood Casual chic Moment Taylor Swift flew to see secret boyfriend: Singer's private jet spotted touching down from in  UK as romance with  Joe Alwyn is revealed James Corden set to return as 2018 Grammy Awards host in New York City after emceeing show in February Late night star was hit EXCLUSIVE: Meet the stunning 20-year-old French and philosophy major who Harry Styles wrote the love song 'Carolina' about after meeting on a blind date Girl who's shattered millions of teen hearts: Harry Styles' clean-eating guru girlfriend Tess Ward was outed when she wore the star's Gucci shirt NFL hits out at Gisele and says there is NO evidence Tom Brady suffered concussions despite her claims he had multiple brain injuries playing for Pats Adorable photos capture the moment Princess Mary and her children set a family of ducks free after they hatched inside the high palace walls She won't go under the knife! Katie Holmes 'refuses to give in to Hollywood plastic surgery pressure' as 40th birthday creeps up Dawson's Creek vet      DON'T MISS 'He's a quintessential panty dropper!' How Taylor Swift's 'charismatic' new man wowed leading ladies through uni AND drama school 13 Reasons Why I am in Australia! Star of hit Netflix series Katherine Langford touches down in Perth airport for family visit after success of TV series   Leopard-print chairs, eccentric jewelry, marble sphinxes and a chaise lounge: A slice of Jackie Collins' bonkbuster lifestyle sells for $45,000  Even her backpack is expensive! Khloe Kardashian models $2k Louis Vuitton book bag after loved-up visit to her hoops star beau Tristan Thompson 'A sex scene would be too easy!' Elsa Pataky gushes about her on-screen romance with real-life husband Chris Hemsworth in upcoming flick Horse Soldiers 'I was terrified': Top Gun star Kelly McGillis testifies in court as woman who 'broke into her house and attacked her' goes on trial She took to the stand  Running Pretty Wild! Julia Roberts and Bear Grylls team up to deliver life-saving vaccines to children in remote African village for Red Nose Day 'It is like dessert!' Amber Tamblyn's husband gushes about her 'f**king delicious' breast milk - insisting it is better than drinking almond or soy versions Dressed to kill: LISA SNOWDON on how you are never too old for bikinis (as long as you wear big knickers) George Clooney's ex Liv Tyler puts on sophisticated display in elegant lace top and black tuxedo jacket as she supports pal Kate Moss at launch of her new jewelry range Golden girl! Kate Moss steals the show in shimmering sheer maxi dress and velvet blazer as she hosts glamorous launch of her new jewelry collection  Alan Thicke's widow fires back at stepsons' lawsuit and refutes their claim that she threatened bad publicity for bigger share of actor's estate 'We were a family' Growing Pains stars reunite to remember Alan Thicke five months after his death The Golden Globe nominee died age 69 Welcome to the meat market! Bethenny Frankel is a little ray of sunshine in yellow as she launches her new deli fare in New York City Time to ditch the military look, Arnie? Schwarzenegger, 69, harks back to his action hero days in camouflage jacket as he steps out in LA From watermelon to metallic purple, find YOUR summer lip color by copying pouts of stars like Jennifer Hudson and America Ferrera Justice for Sharpay! Mind-boggling High School Musical theory claims the movie's self-obsessed mean girl was actually a VICTIM all along  Hatching a bigger family! Tori Spelling gets surprised as Dean McDermott and their five kids give her a baby chick for her 44th birthday gift As Victoria Beckham, Gigi Hadid and Rita Ora put a sexy spin on masculine pantsuits, we detail the sheer-top-and-tailored-suit combos YOU need to try Back to the office! Sun-kissed Ricky Martin returns to the American Crime Story set after a fun day working on his tan at Miami Beach Filming Versace story Somber Rosario Dawson emerges for the first time since 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' Made a somber appearance in Venice Julianne Moore wows in stunning scarlet dress with intricate feather detail as she commands attention at Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Jimmy Fallon says he was 'devastated' by viewer fury after he ruffled Donald Trump's hair - and denies rumors that he has a drinking problem Is the priest conducting Pippa's lavish wedding making a sly dig? Reverend's online 'Thought For The Week' is a line from the bible on materialism No bra, no shirt, no worries! Karrueche Tran wears only a jacket for Turner Upfronts in NYC... as she prepares to testify against Chris Brown Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the Cannes Film Festival in sweeping black dress 'Mini-vacation!' Eva Longoria and third husband Jose Baston celebrating wedding anniversary in France They tied the knot a year ago Lisa Marie Presley ex Michael Lockwood shares a steamy kiss with mystery blond as the pair get their palms read at Renaissance Faire Emily Ratajkowski dares to bare as she poses TOPLESS in ornate jewels ahead of Cannes Film Festival opening gala Flaunted her body Felicity Jones 'is engaged to film director beau Charles Guard after two years of dating' Sources tell US Weekly  he popped the question Well retirement hasn't mellowed him! Floyd Mayweather shows off SIX Rolls Royce cars worth $2.7million at his Miami mansion Instagram video Naomie Harris brings a rainbow to the red carpet as 40-year-old actress dazzles in candy striped gown at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala That was quick! Penelope Cruz swiftly transforms into Donatella with blonde wig (and Spanx) on set of Gianni Versace biopic Amazing transformation Jessica Chastain looks stunning in Gothic-inspired strapless gown as she arrives at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Classic beauty Val Kilmer claims PRAYER healed his oral cancer (despite also getting throat surgery to remove the tumor) The actor is a devout Christian Scientist Like mother, like daughter! Savannah Guthrie, 45, and two-year-old Vale wear matching 'Girl Gang' sweatshirts as they pose for cute snaps  'The transformation was amazing!': Alexandra Daddario reveals she GAINED weight to get those ripped abs for her Baywatch bikini Still a Danish treat! Helena Christensen stuns at 48 as she flashes her flesh in cute baby blue sundress while stepping out in NYC Hilary Duff says son Luca thinks she is a 'Ninja Turtle' because of her celebrity status, and  he is starting to see she is different from other moms Jennifer Aniston helps Jimmy Kimmel pull prank on Justin Theroux by wrapping his Mercedes-Benz in a giant Emmy nomination advertisement 'He's doing much better': Johnny Depp 'is dating again' following messy divorce from Amber Heard and financial woes Bad few months for star Michelle Williams looks effortlessly stylish in striped smock dress as she arrives in Nice for Cannes Film Festival Touched down in time for opening night Spellbinding! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy look like the perfect couple as they take in magician-illusionist Darren Brown's show in NYC Gisele Bundchen says her husband Tom Brady has suffered multiple unreported brain injuries, including a concussion last year, while playing for Patriots A day off from her Louboutins! Jennifer Lopez is far from glam in baggy clothes and work boots as she shoots Shades Of Blue in New York City Cara Delevingne covers up her freshly-shaved head with pink and white wig as she continues to film Life In A Year in Canada Sporting racy dress  Seeing double! Sofia Richie and her friend twin it up as they go undercover post-workout   Twinning duo spotted in Venice, California The billion dollar power couple: Jay Z and Beyonce's combined wealth soars to $1.16BN The mega-successful couple have become a money-making machine 'They were laughing at me': Abby Lee Miller says Dance Moms co-stars rejoiced at her prison sentence and oasted her downfall with champagne  In it for the Long(oria) haul! Busty Eva shows no sign of fatigue as she leads the glamour at Edinburgh's Global Gift Gala... just hours after hosting same event in Paris Justin Timberlake rocks hot-pink sneakers during hand-in-hand NYC stroll with wife Jessica Biel Pair have been married almost five years 'She's head over heels': Katie Holmes 'is tired of hiding romance' with Jamie Foxx as it's revealed duo are 'very serious' after rendezvous in Paris 'I'm in heaven!' Bristol Palin shares a photo of herself taking newborn Atlee Bay shopping, while husband Dakota Meyer gushes over their 'miracle' baby  Back in shape! Biggest Loser vet Alison Sweeney, 40, shows off hourglass figure six months after an ACL tear that left her bedridden 'I will always be the naked girl on a wrecking ball': Embarrassed Miley Cyrus says she'll never live down raunchy video and has nightmares about it  Paris Jackson shares rare photo of brother Blanket, 15, before deleting post... as family prepares for eight-year anniversary of dad Michael's death Pretty in pink! Dakota Fanning looks out-of-this-world pretty in layered polka-dot dress to plug The Alienist at Turner Upfront presentation EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp demands judge unseal whistleblower testimony in fraud case against ex-managers who claim the star blew  $75m on spending spree 'Does it make me angry? No': Goldie Hawn, 71, talks ageism in Hollywood as she shows her playful side in Harper's Bazaar shoot Still the life of the party Are you suffering exercise burnout? Find out using this quiz - designed by personal trainer to models Elle Macpherson and Daisy Lowe No broke girls: CBS defends lineup of new fall shows that ALL star men for the second year in a row It's a boy's club for the second straight year 'No-holds-barred, better than ever': Kerry Washington promises lots of drama for Scandal's seventh and final season She appeared on GMA. The Bluths are back! Arrested Development starring Jason Bateman and Will Arnett is officially renewed for season five on Netflix Set for 2018 ABC president claims Last Man Standing was cancelled over 'ratings' and Tim Allen's support of Donald Trump didn't play a role in the decision Will it rain on Pippa's big day? Bride-to-be visits church with mom Carole as forecasters warn of downpours (while fiance James shops for shoes)  My, what a big bed! Inside Pippa Middleton's fiancé's $17m bachelor pad - complete with a four-poster bed, hot tub... and a picture of topless woman 'Didn't she get the memo?' Demi Lovato is accused of cultural appropriation for wearing dreadlock-style hair in her latest music video Cookie kicks back! Taraji P. Henson is seen rapping, singing, and dancing around on set in hilarious viral video after being secretly filmed by Empire co-stars Anne Hathaway emerges from West Hollywood gym flushed and sweaty in ultra-sheer Nike tank top Oscar winner, 34, has a 14-month-old son  'He just doesn't get it!' Married at First Sight Sheila vents fury at husband Nate for wanting to rent a home $1,000 ABOVE their monthly budget  Elizabeth Olsen unwittingly gives onlookers an eyeful as she flashes her derriere in a floral midi dress She's been blessed with an incredible figure 'Freedom is no fear': Halle Berry, 50, strips NAKED as she flaunts her incredible figure for inspirational snap Showed off figure on Instagram  Victoria Silvstedt looks chic in classic trench coat and oversized sunglasses as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival She oozed glamour Quilty pleasures: Lily Rose Depp wears clingy red patchwork print dress as she leaves her hotel in Cannes  Her mom is French star Vanessa Paradis Kendall Jenner boyfriend A$AP Rocky's LA mansion burglarized by armed robbers who make off with $1.5m worth of gems Couple weren't there  Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he arrives for War Machine premiere in NYC Lost a lot of weight  Eva seen something so sterling? Supermodel Herzigová, 44, flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in dazzling silver gown at Cannes Film Festival 'I just want to be the best father I can be': Glee's Matthew Morrison, 38, reveals he is expecting first child  with his wife Renee Couple wed in 2014  'Hopefully we can go on!' Reese Witherspoon reveals she is doing all she can to bring Big Little Lies Season 2 to the small screen  She was talking to Ellen  Forbes releases list of the richest self-made women - topped by the founder of Little Caesars, TV titan Oprah Winfrey and a roofing tycoon Wear it one way Ora-nother! Rita dons two pairs of quirky pants with a heavy knit blue fleece as she touches down in London after flight from NYC Scarlet siren: Jessica Chastain exudes elegance in a show-stopping jumpsuit as she joins the 70th Cannes Film Festival jury in France Princess Sofia, 10, beams with pride as she celebrates her First Communion in Spanish capital of Madrid alongside her picture-perfect family  Singer Mary Lambert reveals she was molested by her father as a child and gang-raped in an Army barracks aged 16 Personal details Can she be Moore perfect? Julianne, 56, looks ravishing as she shows off her svelte legs in chic mini-dress at Cannes yacht party Effortlessly chic Ladies' night! Model Ella Ross wows in a bra-baring top as enjoys night on the town... after rumored beau Scott Disick is seen taking Bella Thorne to dinner Nearly ready? Pippa Middleton's fiance James Matthews steps out for a spot of last-minute shoe shopping before the big day on Saturday Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' It's over for comedienne and her furniture-maker beau Taylor Swift's stalker Mohammed Jaffar held on $20K bond for loitering outside her New York City apartment Back in court on June 12 Singer Elle King's husband Andrew Ferguson 'was arrested for domestic violence' weeks before she announced secret marriage and breakup 'It's the easy way out': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, discusses thoughts of suicide and her children catching her wearing women's clothing in tell-all interview Busty Emily Ratajkowski shows off her impeccably toned abs and tiny waist in a bandeau bikini as she soaks up the sunshine at Cannes Film Festival 'It's a huge honor!'  Keith Urban belts out American national anthem at  Nashville Predators hockey game as proud wife Nicole Kidman looks on Leggy Bella Hadid looks angelic in white plunging silk bralet and matching mini skirt ahead of the Cannes Film Festival opening gala Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' She is a supposed non-smoker  'No pool, no problem': Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shows off toned abs in navy bikini while bonding with 11-month-old son Tripp Married to NFL star Pals Jimmy Kimmel and Justin Theroux are teaming up to create new live show reviving classic '70s, '80s and '90s sitcom scripts Retro laughs 'He understands my world': Sophie Turner gushes over boyfriend Joe Jonas as she reveals benefits of dating someone in the industry Newly slender Jonah Hill shows he's managed to maintain his weight loss as he steps out in shorts and a hoodie for solo stroll  Shrinking man Today's headlines Most Read Phone calls, dinner, and an awkward HUG: How fired FBI director James Comey was 'unsettled' by interactions... EXCLUSIVE - 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out... Ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn claims Trump told him to 'stay strong' months after he was fired Wrap your outfits in SOCKS, cling wrap liquid makeup and put shoes in shower caps: The genius packing tips... Luxury Italian shoe firm Gianvito Rossi accused of refusing to give Serena Williams a celebrity discount... Four Duggar sisters file privacy lawsuit against an Arkansas city and a magazine who 'revealed their... Diet not working? Just meditate: Study reveals mindfulness helped people lose 7 times more weight than... Teenage prostitute at center of Oakland police sex scandal tells court how married cop 'acted like a pimp... Deadliest Catch star Sig Hansen 'arrested for assault after spitting on Uber driver and kicking car' 'I’ve seen people pass out, hit the floor like a pancake and smash their face open': Tesla CEO Elon Musk... Sunscreen scam: A THIRD of the most popular bottles 'don't offer the protection they promise', study warns Personal trainer reveals how meal prepping TWO MONTHS worth of lunches and dinners before giving birth... PICTURED: The girl, 18, killed by ex-military man with a history of drunk driving who 'mowed down Times... EXCLUSIVE: How Planet Hollywood hero helped apprehend druggie Navy vet who plowed into Times Square tourists The number of atheists in America could be 10 TIMES more than previous estimates: Shocking study shows a... Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down Thirteen people are injured as ANOTHER train derails outside of New York City during rush hour  'I wanted to kill them, you were supposed to kill me': Drug-crazed driver who plowed into pedestrians on the... Trump will reportedly try diplomatic engagement with North Korea to resolve nuclear crisis - under right... Army pulls recruitment commercial titled 'Honor' after discovering one of the soldiers featured in it raped... Marla Maples rushes to site of fatal Times Square crash and takes a series of SELFIES just feet from where... Think you're smarter than a first-grader? Think again! Math problem taken from a seven-year-old's test... FORTY-FOUR MS-13 gangsters - including the former head of the Los Angeles gang - face federal charges after... Put in the air-conditioner NOW: Forecasters predict a hotter than usual summer for almost the entire country... Paid in full! Woman pays her date the $17.31 he SUED her over after she starting texting while they watched... Trump says Russia probe 'hurts our country terribly' and meets with his lawyers as 'criminal' investigation... Melania announces she WILL join Trump on their first foreign trip as President and First Lady to Saudi... Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get... Rosenstein's revenge: Trump was told – not asked – about Mueller's appointment as special counsel by deputy... MORE HEADLINES 'I wanted to kill them, you were supposed to kill me': Drug-crazed driver who plowed into pedestrians on the sidewalk in Times Square - killing one and injuring 22 - tells cops he planned a murder-suicide spree PICTURED: The girl, 18, killed by ex-military man with a history of drunk driving who 'mowed down Times Square crowds after smoking synthetic marijuana' in horror attack that has left another 22 injured Fox News anchors learned of the death of former chairman and CEO Roger Ailes from Drudge Former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes, 77, died eight days after falling and hitting his head inside his $36million mansion Has China found the 'energy of the future'? Beijing claims landmark success in mining flammable ice 4,000ft under South China Sea EXCLUSIVE - 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour of coming off stage' Crouching tiger, hidden... tiger! Can YOU spot the two 10ft big cats hiding in plain sight in a safari park? Marla Maples rushes to site of fatal Times Square crash and takes a series of SELFIES just feet from where teen died 'Long Island Lolita' Amy Fisher who shot the wife of her 35-year-old lover when she was 16 returns to New York after her kids were ruthlessly tormented in Florida  Photographer is left stunned when her nonverbal son, 7, with Down syndrome takes a spectacular picture of 'his guardian angel' through a plane window Horrifying moment boy, 13, accidentally shoots dead a 12-year-old girl on Facebook Live while playing with a shotgun in Argentina 'Even my enemies' say there was ZERO collusion says Trump as he bemoans the appointment of a special prosecutor for dividing the country while blaming Democrats for Russia probe 'Mandela spent 27 years in prison, but sure': Internet mocks Trump's claim that no politician in history has had it worse than him Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a low-cut V-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Even the White House staffers don't know what Ivanka does': The first daughter gets trolled over having a name tent without a title at a human trafficking event Russian UFO hunter claims satellite pictures show a 1,900ft alien spaceship crash landed in Antarctica 'millions of years ago' Moment a Las Vegas man launched brutal hammer attack on a mannequin that had been set up by cops to catch a killer who has been targeting homeless people The underground Nazi ‘city’ of tunnels and bunkers built by Dutch slaves for 3,300 SS soldiers who were treated to saunas under The Hague EXCLUSIVE: How Planet Hollywood hero helped apprehend druggie Navy vet who plowed into Times Square tourists EXCLUSIVE: Shouting matches, office hook-ups, nepotism and bad karma: Why America's top injury attorneys Cellino & Barnes - known for their iconic jingle - are in the throes of a messy split Melania announces she WILL join Trump on their first foreign trip as President and First Lady to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Rome, Brussels, and Sicily Luxury Italian shoe firm Gianvito Rossi accused of refusing to give Serena Williams a celebrity discount because 'the company did not want African American women to wear its shoes' The wall of death: Horrifying moment stunt man is crushed to death by a car as they perform gravity-defying routine in India Michigan girl, 13, claims four 'Insane Spanish Cobra' gangsters 'took turns raping her and tattooed her with gang insignia' Receptionist, 23, covers her boyfriend in make-up and gives him a nail job for sleeping in after a boozy night and ruining plans to take her out Mother is threatened with JAIL after leaving a one-star restaurant review on TRIPADVISOR  'She's not a mother, she's a monster': Evil drug addict who pretended her baby died on bus to cover up catalogue of injuries is jailed for 11 years along with her father-of-25 EXCLUSIVE: Brazen would-be thief who cycles up to car in traffic is filmed as he hurriedly tries to steal a bike fixed to the back...but gives up when he risks losing his own set of wheels MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search Contact Us Make My Homepage Sign In | Sign Up Home News Daily Distraction Entertainment Opinion Sports Weather Weather Closings & Delays On-Air News Staff Show Schedule Jerry Dahmen Rick Knobe Chad McKenzie Dan Peters Beth Warden Listen Listen Live Mobile App Events Calendar Submit an Event VIP Sign Up Contest Rules FAQs Support Win Stuff Contest Rules Contact Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Submit a News Tip Newsletter Results Radio Jobs Townsquare Cares Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us WHAT’S HOT: VIP Golf Card Online Auction Cheating Women Roadside Birth New Restaurant 13 Reasons Why New Jacky’s Fire Chief Fired Record Hog? New Development Man Wrestles Deer In Minnesota Walmart By Ben Davis May 18, 2017 7:59 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter I’ve been to the Walmart in Wadena, Mn. and it’s like every other Walmart you’ve ever been in, except for perhaps the wildlife. Tuesday Stephanie Koljonen posted a picture on facebook of a man who wrestled a deer to the ground after the deer wandered into the local Walmart. According to the Minneapolis Star Tribune Koljoner said the deer came in through the stores garden door and just walked down the aisle. Apparently, the big fellow tackled the deer and put his hands over its eyes until it calmed down. Word is the deer was released back into the wilderness no worse for the wear. SEE ALSO: Subscribe to 1140 KSOO-AM on   Filed Under: Deer | Walmart | Wildlife Category: News | Top Stories Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KSOO Badlands Speedway Shuts Down In-N-Out is Out As America’s Favorite Burger Chain. New Favorite Can Be Found in Sioux Falls! Now You Can Apply for a South Dakota Pardon Online South Dakota State, Missouri State to Meet at Pentagon Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live KSOO News Team Chad McKenzie Dan Peters Jerry Dahmen Beth Warden Tony Wright Show Schedule Daily Newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! VIP Club Get access to exclusive contests, giveaways, and benefits! Give feedback, play games & trivia, and earn points to get closer to those rewards! Sign Up Now Click Here to Learn More! Latest Stories Badlands Speedway Shuts Down May 18, 2017 9:06 PM In-N-Out is Out As America’s Favorite Burger Chain. New Favorite Can Be Found in Sioux Falls! May 18, 2017 6:25 PM Now You Can Apply for a South Dakota Pardon Online May 18, 2017 2:40 PM South Dakota State, Missouri State to Meet at Pentagon May 18, 2017 2:27 PM Cool Week Will Test Sioux Falls Warm Month Streak May 18, 2017 1:50 PM See All the Latest Stories EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Sioux Falls Business Listings Welcome back to KSOO VIP Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KSOO VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://ksoo.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KSOO VIP Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KSOO VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up for KSOO VIP Club Register Now Sign up for KSOO VIP Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KSOO VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KSOO VIP Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KSOO VIP Club brought to you by: 1140 KSOO-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Walmart online sales jump 63% in first quarter By Eric DuVall   |   May 18, 2017 at 4:00 PM Follow @upi Comments May 18 (UPI) -- Walmart announced Thursday its online sales jumped a whopping 63 percent in the first quarter of 2017 as the company seeks to challenge Amazon for online sales supremacy. Walmart, the nation's largest brick-and-mortar retailer, has moved aggressively in the last year to improve its presence online, with an eye toward making its digital footprint as formidable as the big box stores dotting every corner of the United States. In a show of how much the company still relies on in-store purchases, the 63 percent jump in online sales contributed to a 1.4 percent increase in total sales for the quarter, which reached $117.5 billion. Walmart did not release specific data to show how much the online sales increased organically -- as in, online shoppers who visited the website directly -- versus revenue brought when the company bought out several established online retailers, most notably bulk retailer Jet.com. The company would only say a "majority" of the sales growth happened organically. It paid $3.3 billion to acquire Jet.com in 2016. Walmart has made a significant push to increase its online offerings. Officials said the website now offers 50 million products for purchase, up from 10 million a year ago. Company officials said the first quarter numbers put Walmart in a stronger position to increase its online market share moving forward. "This is extraordinary growth, and we're pleased with the traction we're generating across our e-commerce offerings," said Brett Biggs, Walmart's executive vice president and chief financial officer. Analysts said the company is now benefitting from its having lagged behind other retailers in online business. The question now, they said, is whether the growth can continue. "I think it's fair to say that Walmart is coming from behind online," said Neil Saunders, the managing director of the research firm GlobalData Retail. "It has underperformed in that area, so what we're seeing now is really a catch-up to where it needs to be in order to more seriously compete with the likes of Amazon." Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories U.S. remains split on need for LGBT anti-discrimination laws Border agents find $3.7M worth of drugs in truck's gas tank One dead, 12 injured after car hits pedestrians in Times Square Comments Trending A look back at Britain's Prince Philip's public life as he retires Next Article U.S. remains split on need for LGBT anti-discrimination laws Latest Headlines Basquiat painting sells for record $110.5 million at auction 1 hour ago ago May 19 (UPI) -- A 1982 painting by Jean-Michel Basquiat sold Thursday for $110.5 million, the highest price paid at auction for a work by an American artist. Florida man bit on tongue by rattlesnake he tried to kiss 6 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- A Florida man was bitten on the tongue when he tried kiss a rattlesnake, authorities said. Google to ditch its ugly 'blob' emojis for round faces 7 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Google announced Thursday it will replace its oft-criticized "blob emojis" with traditional round faces used on other mobile devices and email platforms. Jason Chaffetz will resign from Congress in June 7 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Jason Chaffetz, a top House Republican who asked for an investigation into President Donald Trump's firing of James Comey, announced he is resigning in June. Yale suspends dean for 'reprehensible' Yelp reviews 8 hours ago ago May 18 (UPI) -- Yale University placed one of its deans on leave after revelations she posted race- and class-based criticism of local businesses on Yelp, the school said. Trending Stories U.N.: 10 million North Koreans are starving Florida man bit on tongue by rattlesnake he tried to kiss Special counsel a 'witch hunt,' Trump says; Senators briefed on Mueller Jason Chaffetz will resign from Congress in June Former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes died after fall in home PHOTOS Kara McCullough, Miss District of Columbia, wins Miss USA title Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron attend the premiere of their film, 'Baywatch,' in Miami Trumps welcome military spouses to White House Goldie Hawn, Amy Schumer attend the premiere of their film, 'Snatched,' in Los Angeles Scenes from Donald Trump's White House Robert De Niro honored at Chaplin Award Gala in New York Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Auckland house price inflation eases to lowest in six years Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Auckland house price inflation eases to lowest in six years . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps Margreet Dietz Friday May 19, 2017 Share Brazilian president Michel Temer says he won't quit over bribe claim. Play NBR radio on Wall Street climbed, recovering some of Wednesday's losses, while Brazil's stocks, bonds and currency slumped as concern about the nation's corruption scandal intensified, implicating President Michel Temer. Brazil's Ibovespa Index plunged 8.8% by the end of trading after dropping 10.5% shortly after the open, while the réal fell 7%. "Markets will overreact, but the reality is that Brazil is rooting out the corruption that has plagued it for centuries,"James Gulbrandsen, a Rio de Janeiro-based portfolio manager at NCH Capital who holds Brazilian shares, told Bloomberg. "This significantly increases the likelihood of new elections within the coming months." Angry crowds have demanded the impeachment of the president who has said he won't resign after allegations he authorised paying bribes to silence witnesses in a huge corruption scandal. Meanwhile, Wall Street rebounded, following Wednesday's declines amid reports that prompted concern US President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice. At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 56.09 points, or 0.3%, to 20,663.02, recovering nearly a third from Wednesday's largest selloff this year. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.7% to 6055.13 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 0.4% to 2365.72. "This whole bull market is all about panic attacks followed by relief rallies, and this was another one," Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research Inc in Brookville, New York, told Bloomberg. "My hunch is that the Trump impeachment panic attack was a one-day wonder and we'll move on from there." Wal-Mart leads Dow up The Dow's rise was led by gains in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, up 3.2%, and Apple, up 1.5%.  The world's top retailer posted quarterly results that showed better-than-expected sales both in stores and online. "Wal-Mart's commitment to value pricing is driving traffic and growth in grocery and aggressive online strides are impacting comparable sales," Cowen & Co's senior research analyst Oliver Chen said in a note, Reuters reported. Walmart said US comparable sales rose 1.4% in the quarter ended April 28, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5%. Its US online sales increased 63% in the first quarter, while gross merchandise volume climbed 69%, Wal-Mart said, adding that he majority of this growth was organic through Walmart.com. "All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people," Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm AT Kearney, told Bloomberg. Cisco plans layoffs Bucking the trend were shares of Cisco, which plunged 7.8% for the largest percentage drop in the Dow. Cisco announced further job cuts and offered an earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. "We saw a significant slowdown in the US public sector, particularly the federal business-which is a pretty significant business for us-due to the uncertainty in budgets," CEO Chuck Robbins told CNBC. The WSJ Dollar Index, which measures the dollar against a basket of 16 currencies, added 0.4% after logging its biggest decline since March. The yield on the 10-year US Treasury note climbed to 2.233% from 2.216% on Wednesday. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a slide of 0.5% from the previous close. Germany's DAX Index fell 0.3%, France's CAC40 Index declined 0.5% and the UK's FTSE 100 Index dropped 0.9%. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Brazil Wall St while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.6887 -0.0006 -0.09% AUD 0.9278 -0.0012 -0.13% EUR 0.6197 -0.0009 -0.15% GBP 0.5315 -0.0006 -0.11% HKD 5.3596 -0.0067 -0.12% JPY 76.7020 -0.0960 -0.13% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1252.8 -13.980 2017-05-18T00: Oil Brent 52.7 0.320 2017-05-18T00: Oil Nymex 49.7 0.320 2017-05-18T00: Silver Index 16.7 -0.240 2017-05-18T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7371.8 7401.1 7371.8 0.28% NASDAQ 5998.5 6073.4 6011.2 0.73% DAX 12608.2 12634.3 12631.6 -0.33% DJI 20579.7 20759.2 20606.9 0.27% FTSE 7503.5 7503.7 7503.5 -0.89% HKSE 25171.7 25266.2 25136.5 0.26% NI225 19591.4 19628.6 19553.9 0.19% ASX 5738.3 5740.5 5738.3 -0.19% Most Popular Read NZ's Ubco raises $3.95 million to power electric farm bike MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares higher on gains in large caps, Ryman weighs Nats and Labour’s position ‘untenable’ as rivals come to pot party Budget 2017: Why not cut the over-taxation of savings? Trump appointee drives vote to end net neutrality — what it means for New Zealand Commented 'I want to progress plans to relocate the Port' – Goff Goff mulls Ports of Auckland ownership Silver Fern's Fairton plant to close as sheep numbers fall Spin and bulldust on housing Weekly Hit: Winston's top job ambitions on track Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Simon Challies on Ryman's top results and future prospects If you’re going to cut taxes, start with where New Zealanders are most overtaxed, says NBR's Rob Hosking A "golden skirts club" has joined the old boys' network on boards, says Judy McGregor Trade Me's Alistair Helm says the rents have not slowed their rise, with some regions at all-time highs NBR's Calida Smylie on what to look out for this earnings season NBR Radio: best of the week ended May 19, with Grant Walker Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St rebounds, Brazil slumps
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyJobFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classified Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Subscribe Close Richard Drew FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) AP US stock indexes bounce back from slump a day earlier By ALEX VEIGA AP Business Writer May 18, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 Richard Drew FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) U.S. stocks are broadly higher in late-afternoon trading Thursday, putting the market on course to recoup some of the ground it lost a day earlier, when stocks had their biggest drop in eight months. Phone companies led the rally. Banks also notched gains, even though bond yields were little changed. Investors welcomed strong earnings from Wal-Mart Stores and other retailers. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 10 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,367 as of 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The Dow Jones industrial average added 73 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,680. The Nasdaq composite index gained 45 points, or 0.8 percent, to 6,056. The Russell 2000 index of smaller stocks was up 6 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,362. THE QUOTE: "People may be wanting to put money to work in stocks, but the bonds they bought yesterday, they're still going to keep those as a little bit of a hedge, just in case," said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. EYES ON WASHINGTON: The stock market was rebounding from its worst day since September. The slide, which extended to many major indexes overnight in Asia and Europe, was triggered by growing worries that deepening political tumult in Washington will hinder President Donald Trump's plans to enact tax cuts, infrastructure spending and other business-friendly policies. BIG BEAT: Wal-Mart Stores rose 3.1 percent after the world's largest retailer's latest quarterly results beat Wall Street's forecasts. The company also noted that its customer traffic rose in the quarter, unlike other major retailers like Macy's and Target. Wal-Mart's shares added $2.34 to $77.46. PROMISING: Incyte surged 7.2 percent on growing analyst optimism over the company's work developing cancer treatments. The stock gained $8.70 to $129.19. DISAPPOINTING RESULTS: Ascena Retail Group sank 27.5 percent after the retailer cut its forecast for its fiscal third quarter and full year, citing lagging customer traffic and other challenges. The stock lost 77 cents to $2.05. IN A SLUMP: Cisco Systems fell 8 percent a day after the internet gear maker said it expects revenue in its fiscal third quarter to be down from a year earlier. The company also said it was laying off 1,100 workers in addition to the 5,500 job cuts Cisco announced last August. The stock gave up $2.69 to $31.13. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 28 cents, or 0.6 percent, to close at $49.35 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 30 cents, or 0.6 percent, to settle at $52.51 a barrel in London. In other futures trading, natural gas fell 1 cent to $3.18 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline was little changed at $1.60 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.54 per gallon. METALS: The price of gold fell $5.90 to settle at $1,252.80 per ounce. Silver lost 24 cents to $16.67 per ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.53 per pound. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1104 from $1.1153 on Wednesday. The dollar strengthened to 111.46 yen from 111.17 yen. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices slipped. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.23 percent from 2.22 percent. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was down 0.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 was 0.5 percent lower. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.9 percent. In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.3 percent. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.3 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.6 percent. Subscribe Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Japanese Yen Currency Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Brent Crude Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Precious Metal Markets Metal Markets Locations United States North America East Asia Asia × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Tickets available for summer theater production READS recognition night Tuesday Sheriff: Drugs found when men emerge from Franklin shed Hospital volunteers make van donation Lawmakers approve bill to shorten death penalty appeals Color Palooza set for Saturday at Muscle Shoals Career Academy Grown-ups brawl at high school graduation in Tennessee Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Stocks Online Poll : Do you agree with President Trump that “no politician in history” has been more ill-treated You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections Home News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Subscribe / Subscription Services Subscriber Digital Access Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 41F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 18, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close Richard Drew FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) AP Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer May 18, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 Richard Drew FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) TOKYO (AP) — Asian stocks were mostly lower Friday as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian coordination with President Donald Trump's campaign. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 0.2 percent to 19,510.96 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged down nearly 0.5 percent to 5,711.10. South Korea's Kospi was little changed at 2,287.30. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 25,131.74. The Shanghai Composite slipped nearly 0.1 percent to 3,087.38. BRAZIL FACTOR: Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. U.S. FACTOR: U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. THE QUOTE: "Given the heightened level of uncertainty, I suspect traders will remain in a kind of Investor Purgatory where risk aversion dominates and fear mounts that the investigation could open up a whole new can of worms which will do little more than compound the markets current panic syndrome," said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures added 32 cents to $49.67 a barrel. It rose 28 cents to $49.35 a barrel in New York Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 40 cents to $52.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1112 from $1.1153 late Thursday in Asia. The dollar strengthened slightly to 111.20 yen from 111.17 yen. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Japanese Yen Currency Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Brent Crude Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest in section Tensions over 'monkey' email erupt in Alabama Legislature Amtrak engineer arraigned on charges in crash that killed 8 Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 Trump says he's 'very close' to naming a new FBI director Birthplace of grunge mourns 'Seattle's son' Chris Cornell More on this topic Tensions over 'monkey' email erupt in Alabama Legislature Amtrak engineer arraigned on charges in crash that killed 8 Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 Trump says he's 'very close' to naming a new FBI director Birthplace of grunge mourns 'Seattle's son' Chris Cornell Most Popular Police: Twin Falls car dealership accountant stole cash to pay rent Late spring snow storm arrives Friday afternoon Dickey's employee, husband accused of stealing from restaurant's safe When a daughter disappears: On 2-year anniversary of Tiffani Streling's disappearance, her family and police aren't giving up hope Sheriff's office: Man died in flooded Ketchum basement Business Directory Latest Local Offers Boise Rigging Supply Boise Rigging Supply sells the Highest Quality Fall Protection and Safety Equipment. Call us today: 208-933-4455 May 3, 2017 Studio G 218 Fitness Are you interested in a personal trainer to help you hit your fitness goals? Your first session with your Studio G trainer is FREE! Click here for more information! Updated May 15, 2017 Currents +21 World News Photos: The dazzling, secretive world of Egyptian ballet +3 Election 2016 Live Explaining the mechanics of the Trump-Russia special counsel Autos Video: Here's why old SUVs are shooting up in value Today’s top pics: Soccer league titles clinched and more Your daily 6: Grunge rocker dies, cop acquitted and special counsel blasted as 'witch hunt' Today's Birthdays, May 18: Tina Fey Today In History, May 18: Facebook IPO Death of Ailes reveals Fox News at a crossroads DJ Khaled gives Berkeley grads a crash course in winning Ducks even Western finals at 2, beating Predators 3-2 in OT Duffy dominates as Royals top Yankees 5-1 to avoid sweep Latest Local Offers Ease pain and discomfort with a walk-in tub Walk-in tubs provide a safe, therapeutic bathing solution for those in pain.  Demaray Funeral Service offers complete Pre-Arrangement Planning. Today, more than ever, people are recognizing that pre-arranging and pre-financing a funeral… Demaray Funeral Service, Inc. 737 Main Street, Gooding, ID 83330 208-934-4406 Ads Twin Falls seniors can stay independent in their homes Reduce fear and pain using the stairs TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Massive cat set to break a Guinness World Record One killed as car plows into crowd at Times Square Rocker Chris Cornell, lead singer of Soundgarden, dies Tulsa officer not guilty in man's shooting death Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 49 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 19, 2017 MAY 19, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 19, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 49 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Walmart’s online shopping strategy is starting to pay off By Sarah Halzack The Washington Post First Published May 18 2017 12:03PM    •    Last Updated May 18 2017 12:03 pm Share This Article Walmart has recently put its foot on the gas in its bid to catch up to Amazon.com in the e-commerce world, most notably by acquiring a collection of smaller shopping sites and rolling out splashy offers such as free two-day shipping on many purchases. Now there are signs that it is paying off: Walmart on Thursday reported a robust 63 percent surge in online sales in the most recent quarter. Importantly, the company said that the majority of the increase came from sales growth at Walmart.com, suggesting fresh momentum at its flagship digital business. "The acquisitions have received a lot of attention, but our plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success," said Doug McMillion, Walmart's chief executive, in remarks to investors. VIDEOS TOP JOBS To be sure, online shopping still comprises only a tiny slice of Walmart's business, and it remains to be seen whether this strong growth is sustainable. But it is an encouraging sign for a company that has spent billions of dollars to trying to step up its game in this arena. Marc Lore, the head of the retailer's online business, said that a key driver of the growth was its move to offer free two-day shipping on millions of items without a membership fee. That model was meant to offer Amazon Prime-like speed without having to pay a membership fee. Walmart said it also helped that it has expanded its assortment online to 50 million items, a five-fold increase from this time last year. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) The company has been trying several new tactics to lure more online shoppers, including offering a discount on certain e-commerce purchases if shoppers pick them at a store instead of having them delivered to their homes. Meanwhile, Walmart's broader U.S. business looked healthy in the quarter. The company reported an increase of 1.4 percent in comparable sales, a measure of its sales online and at stores open more than a year. That marked its eleventh consecutive quarter of growth on this measure. That consistent run of growth stands in contrast to what has been seen lately in the wider retail industry. Target recently reported its fourth consecutive quarter of declining comparable sales. Department stores such as Macy's, J.C. Penney and Kohl's saw their sales slide in the latest quarter. Things are looking grim at several specialty apparel retailers: Ralph Lauren said Thursday that it recorded a 16 percent plunge in quarterly sales. Ascena Retail Group, the parent company of Ann Taylor, Loft and other clothing chains, saw its stock nosedive some 38 percent on Thursday after it lowered its forecasts for the year, citing "unprecedented secular change" in its category of retailing. "Given the current retail landscape, with many retailers experiencing challenges across multiple categories, we believe Walmart will continue to turn up the competitive heat by utilizing its scale and technological advantages to extract increased market share," said Charlie O'Shea, a retail analyst at Moody's, in a research note.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES E.J. Dionne: A quick end to the Trump administration would be better Utah Jazz: For GM Dennis Lindsey, offseason is all about hanging on to Gordon Hayward Since Russia's ban, persecution of Jehovah's Witnesses is 'worse than ever' Longtime Mormon leader Glenn Pace, who steered faith's welfare services, business ventures, dies at Owner of Wild Rose mountain bike and ski shop in the Avenues calls it quits on his own terms ELEVATE 8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS VIEW/POST COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
[Sign Up Now] to Receive Our FREE Daily SCVTV-SCVNews Digest by E-Mail SCVNews.com | Crime Blotter: Shoplifting, Aggravated Assault in Canyon Country | 05-18-2017 Inside Weather Santa Clarita CA Clear 65°F   Calendar Today in S.C.V. History May 18 1978 - Concert scene for "KISS Meets the Phantom of the Park" filmed at Magic Mountain [story] Crime Blotter: Shoplifting, Aggravated Assault in Canyon Country Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department | Thursday, May 18, 2017 Click Here to Get Our 'SCV This Morning' Newsletter Print PDF  Tweet This  Facebook  Digg This  Bookmark  Stumble  RSS Canyon Country Crime Report for May 1-14, 2017 Here is the Canyon Country Crime Information and Public Safety Report for May 1-14, 2017: 05/01/17 Commercial Burglary- 20800 block of Centre Pointe Parkway One suspect was arrested after he stole the victim’s purse from her unlocked vehicle and used the stolen credit card to purchase an apple iPad from local Walmart. The victim obtained a description of the suspect from Walmart loss prevention and called the police while maintaining a visual on the suspect pending deputies arrival. The suspect was arrested and all property was returned to victims. Grand Theft Auto- Kesley Street x Highpoint Place Person(s) unknown stole the victim’s vehicle which was parked near the above location. 05/02/17 Attempt Vehicle Burglary- 18400 block of Oak Canyon Road Person(s) unknown shattered the front passenger window to the victim’s vehicle. No property was taken. Grand Theft Auto- Canyon Park Boulevard x Jason Drive Person(s) unknown stole the victim’s vehicle which was parked near the above location. 05/03/17 Residential Burglary- 28000 block of Croco Place Person(s) unknown forced entry into the victim’s residence through a kitchen window. The victim could not find anything out of place or missing. Grand Theft Auto- 17900 block of Wellhaven Street Person(s) unknown stole the victim’s vehicle which was parked near the above location. 05/04/17 Grand Theft- 20400 block of Soledad Canyon Road Person(s) unknown stole cash and a violin from the victim’s closet. Shoplifting- 18500 block of Soledad Canyon Road One suspect was arrested for taking store items and making no attempt to pay for the items. Aggravated Assault- 18200 block of Soledad Canyon Road One suspect was arrested after she smashed the victim’s head into a bathroom wall numerous times during an argument regarding the victim dating the suspect’s ex-boyfriend. 05/08/17 Vehicle Burglary- 18700 block of Kimbrough Street Person(s) unknown forced entry into the victim’s vehicle and stole baseball equipment. 05/09/17 Aggravated Assault- 26700 block of Flo Lane The victim stated she was struck numerous times in the face by her friend during an argument about how she made him homeless. Residential Burglary- 26900 block of Flo Lane Person(s) unknown forced entry into the victim’s garage and stole $20 in rolled coins, and a purse containing credit cards in the victim’s name. Robbery- Jakes Way x Manzanita Lane One suspect was arrested after he attempted to rip a laptop from the victim’s hands while she was holding her infant daughter. The suspect was unsuccessful in obtaining the computer. During the investigation, the suspect was additionally charged with child endangerment and possession of drug paraphernalia. Vehicle Burglary- 27200 block of Cloverhurst Place Person(s) unknown forced entry into the victim’s vehicle and stole the registration and $35 in cash. 05/12/17 Aggravated Assault- 18000 block of Soledad Canyon Road The victim was stabbed in the upper left arm during a physical altercation between his girlfriend and ex-girlfriend. The victim and his girlfriend ran away after the incident where police and medical personnel arrived and treated him for none life threatening injuries. 05/13/17 Commercial Burglary- 27200 block of Camp Plenty Road Person(s) unknown forced entry into a business near the above location and stole the cash register which contained approximately $250 in cash. MAKE AN ONLINE POLICE REPORT The following incidents can be reported online: -Lost or stolen cell phone valued $950 or less -Lost or stolen property valued $950 or less -Theft from an unlocked vehicle valued $950 or less -Theft from an open or unsecured area valued $950 or less To make a report go to the SCV Station Homepage http://www.santaclarita.lasd.org and click the link on left side- Make An Online Police Report If you have any questions, please contact Canyon Country Crime Prevention Deputy Jonathan Wilson at 661-255-1121 Ext. 5159 or e-mail: jrwilson@lasd.org. FW by: Shirley Miller, Public Information Officer Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff’s Station Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department Phone: (661)255-1121 ext. 5804 E-mail: s1miller@lasd.org Twitter @SCVSheriff http://www.twitter.com/scvsheriff SCV Station Homepage – http://www.santaclarita.lasd.org Facebook – https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaritaValleySheriffsStation Share this story: Facebook Twitter Google More LinkedIn Pinterest MySpace Delicious Comment On This Story COMMENT POLICY: We welcome comments from individuals and businesses. All comments are moderated. Comments are subject to rejection if they are vulgar, combative, or in poor taste. REAL NAMES ONLY: All posters must use their real individual or business name. This applies equally to Twitter account holders who use a nickname. 1 Comment Rita Salama says: Thursday, May 18, 2017 at What happened to Santa Clarita? Reply Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name (required): Email (required): Website: Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. SCV NewsBreak Loading... •   SCV NEWSBREAK ARCHIVE Related Content   Crime Blotter: Grand Theft Auto, Petty Theft in Stevenson Ranch Crime Blotter: Petty Theft, Petty Theft from Vehicle in Castaic, Val Verde June 14: Cutting Trailers and Reels that Sizzle Crime Blotter: Assault with a Deadly Weapon, Battery in Newhall Crime Blotter: Attempt Burglary, Grand Theft in Stevenson Ranch LOCAL NEWS HEADLINES > LOCAL NEWS ARCHIVE Native American RN Was Victim of Freak Accident on SR-14 Thursday, May 18, 2017 Paul Begay, a 49-year-old Marine and father of two, was on his way to Olive View Medical Center in Sylmar where he worked as a registered nurse when the accident occurred. FULL STORY... Vince Ferry Named New Principal of Saugus High School Thursday, May 18, 2017 Rio Norte Junior High School principal Vince Ferry has been named the new principal of Saugus High School. Ferry will take over for Bill Bolde who is retiring after leading the school for 14 years. FULL STORY... ‘No Hero Left Untreated Act’ Passes Committee, Heads to House Floor Vote Thursday, May 18, 2017 Wednesday, Representative Steve Knight’s (CA-25) bill, No Hero Left Untreated Act, passed from the House Veterans Affairs Committee and is likely on its way to the floor for a vote soon. FULL STORY... Keep Up With Our Facebook SCVTV Santa Clarita Latest Additions to SCVNews.com Native American RN Was Victim of Freak Accident on SR-14 Paul Begay, a 49-year-old Marine and father of two, was on his way to Olive View Medical Center in Sylmar where he worked as a registered nurse when the accident occurred. SCV NewsBreak for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Tonight on SCV NewsBreak, the victim in the fatal collision involving an errant tire on Highway 14 has been identified, as well as the victim in the May 5 collision in Valencia. Plus, the new principal for Saugus High School has been named. Watch these stories and more on tonight's edition of SCV NewsBreak. Vince Ferry Named New Principal of Saugus High School Rio Norte Junior High School principal Vince Ferry has been named the new principal of Saugus High School. Ferry will take over for Bill Bolde who is retiring after leading the school for 14 years. ‘No Hero Left Untreated Act’ Passes Committee, Heads to House Floor Vote Wednesday, Representative Steve Knight’s (CA-25) bill, No Hero Left Untreated Act, passed from the House Veterans Affairs Committee and is likely on its way to the floor for a vote soon. JetHawks Continue Winning Streak with Solid Win Over Modesto Nuts JetHawks star, Craig Schlitter, bounced back after a shaky first two innings, ending with the game erasing a three-run deficit to defeat the Modesto Nuts, 9 - 5, on Wednesday night at John Thurman Field. Becerra Takes Legal Action in Health Insurance Lawsuit California Attorney General Xavier Becerra and New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman took legal action to challenge the Trump Administration and protect health care access for millions of Americans. May 19: City Council Committee Legislative Committee Meeting Agenda for the City Council Committee Legislative Committee Meeting May 16 at 2:00 p.m. in the City Hall, Orchard Room. May 22: Arts Commission Study Session Agenda for the Arts Commission Study Session on May 22 at 6:30 p.m. in the Century Room. Pharmavite Makes Long Term Commitment to Santa Clarita Pharmavite LLC, the leading manufacturer of dietary supplements for more than 45 years, has renewed its commitment to the Santa Clarita Valley by entering into two new leases. Foreign Trade Zones Provide Major Benefits for Santa Clarita Companies Serving qualified sites within the Santa Clarita Valley (SCV), the extension of the U.S. Foreign-Trade Zone (FTZ) program offers international traders and importers and exporters outstanding opportunities to take advantage of special customs privileges. June 1-30: Drawings from Artist Mike Farrell at The MAIN The Art Exhibit at The MAIN will be featuring collected drawings from artist Mike Farrell from Thursday, June 1 to Friday, June 30. Hart District Looking for Measure SA Oversight Committee Members The William S. Hart Union High School District needs a few new members of the Measure SA Citizens’ Oversight Committee. June Public Art Highlight: Willie Johnston Following the Memorial Day holiday, the month of June highlights Mark Henn’s Willie Johnston, a bronze statue of a Civil War drummer standing proudly in the center of Veterans Historical Plaza, located at 24275 Walnut Street. Man Killed in Fatal Head-On Collision Identified Medical examiners identified the victim in the May 5 fatal head-on collision in Valencia. Crime Blotter: Shoplifting, Aggravated Assault in Canyon Country Canyon Country Crime Report for May 1-14, 2017 Crime Blotter: Grand Theft Auto, Petty Theft in Stevenson Ranch Stevenson Ranch Crime Report for April 1-14, 2017 Today in SCV History (May 18) 1978 - Concert scene for "KISS Meets the Phantom of the Park" filmed at Magic Mountain [story] Hands Off Our National Monuments | Commentary by Linda Castro History shows us that presidents have used the Antiquities Act to protect important and special places on our federal lands only after local residents, businesses, tribes and others have made it clear to the president that an overwhelming majority of them want and support such a designation. May 18: Helmers Students to Debut Art Installation Charles Helmers Elementary students will debut their school-wide art installation, a collection of wings based on artist Colette Miller’s famed Global Angels Wings Project on Thursday. May 17: Knight Recognizes DIPG Awareness Day U.S. Rep. Steve Knight, R-Palmdale, has announced his commemoration of Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) Awareness Day with a Special Order. His colleagues, Rep. Jackie Speier, CA-14, and Rep. Debbie Dingell, MI-12, also joined Rep. Knight in recognition of the awareness day, and called for action on H. Res 69. SCV NewsBreak for Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Tonight on SCV NewsBreak, cyclists sped through the SCV Wednesday to compete in the Amgen Tour of California race. Plus, detectives have found two auto repair facilities in Canyon Country have been operating without a license. Check out these stories and more tonight on SCV NewsBreak. Lillibridge Stepping Down as Hart District CFO William S. Hart Union High School District Chief Financial Officer Erin Lillibridge will be stepping down from her position effective May 31, 2017, to become the Chief Business Officer at Granada Hills Charter High School. Man Killed on Highway 14 After Tire Comes Off Car CHP officers are investigating what they currently suspect might have been a tragic accident in Santa Clarita on Wednesday, which led to the death of a driver on Highway 14. Hart, Saugus High Schools Top Washington Post Ranking The Washington Post has released its annual rankings of America’s most challenging high schools with Hart and Saugus High Schools making the list. Only 12 percent of all American high schools, public and private, qualified for the list. June 3: ‘Hart of the West’ to Feature Classic Rock ‘n Roll Band The County of Los Angeles Department of Parks and Recreation and William S. Hart Park presents "Hart of the West," a music in the park talent showcase. May 20: Santa Clarita Ballet Company Hosts Tea Party Santa Clarita Ballet Company will be hosting "Tea and Toeshoes: Alice’s Mad Tea Party" on Saturday, May 20 at 1:00 p.m. at the Valencia Tournament Players’ Club. CSU Receives Grant for STEM Teacher Preparation The California State University has received a grant from Chevron to expand its pioneering initiatives that integrate engineering design into K-12 teacher preparation. May 19: ‘How the West was Won’ to Raise Funds for Carousel Ranch Carousel Ranch will host the 9th annual “How the West Was Won” shooting event at Moore N’ Moore Sporting Clays, which is a brand new venue for this event, on Friday, May 19. June 5-Sept. 1: Visual Arts, Music Come Together in New Art Exhibit "Sonically Visual" explores the influence of music on the visual arts and takes its name from the idea of interpreting music visually or creating portraits of influential musicians using various techniques such as color, form, repetition, layering and lyricism. JetHawks Crack Modesto Nuts to Win Seventh Straight Game Brian Mundell hit a two-run home run to cap a four-run third inning that propelled the Lancaster JetHawks to a 9-5 win over the Modesto Nuts on Tuesday night at John Thurman Field. SCV Education Foundation Announces Scholarship Winners The Santa Clarita Valley Education Foundation recently awarded seven scholarships to local Hart District seniors whose personal goals, college major and declared career path indicate future success in a field related to education. CA Film Commission News: 2017 Film in California Conference California Film Commission Newsletter for the 2017 Film In California Conference. Sheriffs Detectives Investigating SCV Auto Body Shops On May 10, 2017, Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff's Station Detectives assisted investigators from the Taskforce for Regional Autotheft Prevention (TRAP) and the National Insurance Crime Bureau (NICB) in conducting local business inspections at automotive repair facilities. Today in SCV History (May 17) 1993 - Dale Poe, 61, developer of Stevenson Ranch, dies in car crash [timeline] How to Lower Your Medicare Drug Costs | Commentary by Greg Dill The gentleman working the fruit stand asked what I do for a living. When I told him I work for Medicare, he said he was having difficulty paying for his prescription drugs. So we talked for a while about ways he might be able to reduce his drug costs. SCV NewsBreak for Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Tonight on SCV NewsBreak, thousands of animals are confiscated when detectives find evidence of illegal cockfighting in Val Verde. Plus, U.S. Rep. Steve Knight releases a statement calling for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s intervention in the U.S. presidential election.Check out these stories and more tonight on SCV NewsBreak. SCVTV Media Center 22505 14th Street Unit E Santa Clarita, Calif. 91321 Phone: 661-251-TV20 FAX: 661-290-2536 Click here for the Mobile Site Operating Hours Monday - Thursday: 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM Friday: By Appointment Only Email: info@scvtv.com SCVTV is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation. All rights reserved.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Loss Prevention Research Council Announces Exclusive Content for Membership on Point-of-Sale Activation Solution Loss Prevention Research Council Announces Exclusive Content for Membership on Point-of-Sale Activation Solution Posted on May 18, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Consumers, retail executives and loss prevention professionals respond favorably to Point-of-Sale Activation (PoSA) Solution in a recent test with 20 Walmart stores. Early results show a sales lift, reduced return rate and an overall improved customer shopping experience. Gainesville, FL (PRWEB) May 18, 2017 The Loss Prevention Research Council (LPRC) has released a series of reports detailing a recent study on the impact of the Point-of-Sale Activation (PoSA) solution from Digital Safety USA. PoSA scored very favorably in consecutive field study tests. According to Dr. Read Hayes, LPRC director, “The LPRC is pleased to offer these reports as a significant benefit to our membership. Over the coming months, we will continue to review and evaluate each new integration of PoSA at the store level to provide our members with ongoing real-world, unbiased, scientific data on current loss prevention applications and methodologies.” The LPRC has evaluated the PoSA solution from Digital Safety USA for the past three years, working with many different assets from a variety of categories including notebook computers, tablets, smartphones and speakers. “The prospect of an effective, consumer-friendly, scalable digital solution like PoSA is an exciting prospect for retail loss prevention,” Dr. Hayes reported. During the December 2016 holiday buying season, LPRC analyzed the results of 549 in-person surveys conducted by Walmart in the Gainesville, Florida Innovation Lab and at 20 Walmart test store locations. The intent was to understand the impact and benefits of the PoSA solution and its related identifying box-mark. Executive Summary Customers and store personnel responded very favorably overall to the PoSA solution while the offender community viewed it as a highly effective loss prevention tool. Customers report purchasing locked-up merchandise highly detrimental to their shopping experience. Survey respondents reported PoSA provided easier, more convenient access to products before buying, leading to an improved customer shopping experience, and increased likelihood of purchase. Customer response to the PoSA concept was generally favorable, while the PoSA activation process was intuitive to most customers. Research and development around consumer familiarity marketing continues. Favorability and PoSA process familiarity among consumers is expected to increase as more manufacturers integrate PoSA into their products, and adoption expands within the retail industry. PoSA has shown positive initial results with manufacturers that can scale production to integrate PoSA-enabled devices, thereby protecting high-theft items throughout the supply chain. “LPRC has proven to be an excellent incubator and enhancer of new and existing Asset Protection solutions. Their team provides evidence-based, unbiased feedback direct from both retailers and actual theft offenders, forming a strong partnership within the asset protection community,” stated Adam Hartway, DiSa Digital Safety’s chief executive officer. “Digital Safety looks forward to continuing to partner with the LPRC to research, refine, and continue to create disruptive technology,” Mr. Hartway said. Report 1: Walmart 20-Store PoSA Test The LPRC conducted an in-depth review of literature and messaging along with extensive testing of the solution roll-out in 20 Walmart test store locations. The goal was to gauge overall market response to the PoSA solution in a larger test store group. The study’s very favorable results demonstrate that PoSA is easily identified and understood by customers, store personnel and the offender community. Customers responded positively to PoSA as compared to alternatives, with 61% citing easier, more convenient access to products before purchasing, leading to an improved customer shopping experience. Customers seamlessly adopted to the PoSA process during the store test. Among asset protection managers, 67% prefer PoSA to other in-store product protection options, with 56% rate PoSA as very favorable. PoSA facilitates open sell ability which creates an improved in-store experience for customers. Products included in the 20-store test received a substantial sales lift, with test stores reporting a shift into the top 20% of overall chain sales. DiSa-protected products experienced a lower return percentage than unprotected product; no refunds for fraudulent returns occurred during the 20-store test. Report 2: Walmart One-Store PoSA Pilot Program Surveys were conducted by the LPRC in the first Walmart U.S. pilot store featuring the PoSA solution. The goal was to assess customer and associate reactions to its functionality and introduction to the retail market. Again, participants responded very positively to PoSA. The PoSA in-store set-up was noticed by 70% of customers surveyed, with 50% stating they understood the technology based solely on display signage or box-mark. PoSA was viewed as a more convenient alternative than other LP practices used to secure product in-store by 100% of the customer and associates involved in the store test. Overall, 80% of customers preferred the shopping environment created by PoSA as compared to alternative loss prevention solutions. Category managers and asset protection managers found the PoSA process was easily learned by both consumers and store associates. Retail management and store associates developed positive impressions of PoSA, felt the PoSA-protected items were safe, and desired to expand PoSA to many other product categories. Report 3: PoSA Box-mark Recognition & Effectiveness The LPRC worked extensively with several leading retailers for more than three years to design a universal box-mark that represents all PoSA technology. The chosen box-mark, pictured above, is included on the packaging of all PoSA-protected goods. The box-mark was well received and easily identified among survey respondents. Customers reported the PoSA box-mark to be aesthetically pleasing and easily understood. Loss prevention managers found the PoSA box-mark to be practically applicable and scalable. Offenders demonstrated a high understanding of the chosen box-mark, reporting a fear response to its presence. The LPRC will continue to study PoSA as it integrates into stores over the coming months, monitoring solution efficacy and box-mark recognition among manufacturers, store personnel, customers and offenders. According to Dr. Hayes, “The LPRC will remain at the forefront of these R&D efforts, bringing together retailers for crucial education and discussion, and providing expertise on retail loss prevention.” A fourth report in progress will focus on informing the offender community about the PoSA solution. About LPRC The Loss Prevention Research Council (LPRC) was founded in 2001 by leading retailers and Dr. Read Hayes to support the evidence-based needs of loss prevention decision-makers. Founding retailers include Target, Walmart, OfficeMax, CVS, GAP, Home Depot, Beall’s, Barnes and Noble. Current LPRC membership has grown to encompass more than 45 major retail chains. To date, the LPRC has conducted over 120 real world loss prevention research projects for retailers and partners. The scope of these projects includes: large-scale field experiments to provide decision-makers with impact and ROI data: development of statistical models for shortage reduction; employee dishonesty and shoplifter dynamics research; and supply chain and violent crime R&D. For more information, please visit http://www.lpresearch.org. About the DiSa PoSA Solution The DiSa PoSA solution, the world’s first entirely digital asset protection solution, is a digital lock applied to consumer electronic products during manufacturing. Each device is assigned a unique activation code. The digital lock prevents theft by rendering the devices inoperable from the point-of-production to the point-of-sale at retail stores. The device remains locked until the legitimate buyer activates the device using a one-time activation code printed on the retail sales receipt. Once activated, the device remains permanently unlocked and fully functional. DiSa offers full support to manufacturers, retailers and consumers through 24/7 phone support, Web support and App support. DiSa was awarded first place in the 2017 (R)Tech Asset Protection: Innovation Award; sponsored by the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA). More information is available at http://www.disa.sg. About Digital Safety USA (DBA DiSa) Digital Safety USA (dba “DiSa”), is a U.S.-based asset protection solution provider and wholly-owned subsidiary of DiSa Limited – Singapore that specializes in research and development of cutting-edge retail security solutions. DiSa Digital Safety PTE LTD is a Singapore-based PoSA solution provider and wholly-owned subsidiary of DiSa Limited that specializes in research and development of cutting-edge retail security solutions. More information is available at http://www.disa.sg. # # # For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14348870.htm Latest News Samtec Releases Expansion Connector Sample Kits for Makers The nZone’s Adrenaline Bootcamp to Host MURPH Challenge Workout Benefitting Veterans Memorial Day Weekend 2017 Disabled Veterans National Foundation Sends Over $175,000 Worth of Aid to Illinois Veterans EQUITY ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of JBS S.A. of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 22, 2017 – JBSAY EQUITY ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of JBS S.A. of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 22, 2017 – JBSAY Zensar Technologies Launches Blockchain Enablement Framework Caring Transitions of Chicago and North Suburbs Adding Second Location ABX INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Notifies Investors of Commencement of a Class Action Involving Barrick Gold Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of July 10, 2017 ABX INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Notifies Investors of Commencement of a Class Action Involving Barrick Gold Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of July 10, 2017 Loss Prevention Research Council Announces Exclusive Content for Membership on Point-of-Sale Activation Solution © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Wal-Mart's online sales surge, retailer tops 1Q expectations  | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Chris Cornell Trump and Russia New York Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Wal-Mart's online sales surge, retailer tops 1Q expectations FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 9:00AM EDT Last Updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 1:21PM EDT BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 per cent, dramatically up from the 29 per cent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 per cent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favour of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup -- cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 per cent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 per cent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 per cent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. Related Stories Attention, shoppers: Your online shopping habits are killing the neighbourhood mall Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Air Date: May 18, 2017 false MyNews: Driver's close call on the highway Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump’s defiant denials Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Tulip trouble: Canada 150 bulbs show wrong colour Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Drunk driver causes chaos Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Music pioneer dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: TSB releases report on crash Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: U.S. triggers NAFTA talks Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Nanaimo teen missing since March found dead Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Fox News creator dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Jays' suspend Kevin Pillar Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Air Date: May 18, 2017 More news from Business Constitution gives Ottawa right to impose carbon price on provinces: McKenna Canada-European Union pact worries U.S. lobster industry Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier 'A long period of growth' possible if Trump's pro-business policies arrive: Fairfax CEO Canada-bound phosphate shipment from Western Sahara detained in Panama Many women think men are the better investors; they're not Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Cloud DX named top disruptor _ WATCH: Instagram copycats snapchat _ WATCH: David Cockfield's Top Picks _ WATCH: David Cockfield discusses Parkland Fuels CTV News Video Network false 'Single greatest witch hunt in American history': Trump false U.S. starts the 90 day clock on free trade negotiations false Trail of destruction in NYC leaves one dead, many injured false Alberta’s Wildrose and PC parties signal intent to unite CTV National News for May 18: Trump slams investigation Most Popular Stories 1 Lauded rocker Chris Cornell dies at 52 7 2 Vehicle slams into Times Square crowd, 1 dead 7 3 Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert 4 School's out by noon? Not so fast, parents say 1 5 Check your wallet: RCMP warn of 'splice-and-tape' counterfeit bills 3 6 Military, police deployed overseas to get tax exemptions, Sajjan says 1 7 Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur 7 8 Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland 8 9 Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status 2 10 Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party 6 Don't Miss false Caught on Cam: Driver's close call with transport truck false Tulip trouble: Some Canada 150 flowers showing wrong colour false Omar may be world's longest cat CANADA Prince William and Harry give Ontario teen Legacy Award Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status Police failed to warn Quebec Muslims before mosque shooting, survivor says WORLD U.S. Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena U.S. imposes sanctions on Venezuela Supreme Court Trump assails 'witch hunt' after naming of special counsel ENTERTAINMENT Sorry, not sorry: Jennifer Lawrence owns up to pole dancing Shawn Mendes, Grimes, A Tribe Called Red lead iHeartRadio Canada MMVA nominees Netflix announces 5th season of 'Arrested Development' HEALTH Manitoba man relieved to be off the hook for US$36K medical flight Cuba reports a surge of Zika but still fewer than neighbours Certain nuts linked to reduced risk of colon cancer return: study POLITICS Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party Kenney says he'd work with Wall to sue feds over carbon tax SCI-TECH MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes Vancouver among cities at risk as coastal flooding expected to double: study Google creates VR voyage to Italy BUSINESS Constitution gives Ottawa right to impose carbon price on provinces: McKenna Canada-European Union pact worries U.S. lobster industry Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier AUTOS Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert Lamborghini gives 650 reasons to lust after its new SUV Volvo testing out autonomous garbage truck SPORTS Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur After win over Germany, Canada will play Russia in world championship semifinal 2018 Games head says NHL not being greedy, will co-operate Lifestyle 'Caleb's Superhero Suite': Hospital room transformed in boy's memory Britain sees record visitor numbers on Brexit-hit pound Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows CTV News on the Go false Trump plans to ‘modernize’ NAFTA Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Iraqi soldier risks life to stop suicide bomber In Pictures   Musician Chris Cornell dies at 52 Couple lives on man-made, off-the-grid island in B.C. 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart's big investments put it in fighting shape for the grocery wars AmazonFresh, Target, Aldi and Lidl, among others, all want a larger slice of the grocery market and are trying to drive customers to shop both in stores and online. "Online grocery ... continues to perform well," Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said Thursday. The big-box retailer's "Everyday Low Price" strategy has been particularly appealing to shoppers, and its free-shipping push is showing signs of paying off. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Source: Walmart Walmart To Go webpage Competition in the supermarket business is only intensifying. Amazon's AmazonFresh initiative is rolling out brick-and-mortar pick up locations, Target has tapped a Kroger executive to run its grocery division, and discount chains Aldi and Lidl are encroaching on U.S. market share. Everybody wants a piece of the pie, literally. But Wal-Mart's investments are putting the retailer in a good place, as its first-quarter results show, while it pours money into keeping its prices low and beefing up its digital operations. Wal-Mart's grocery business saw its food categories deliver their strongest quarterly comparable sales performance in more than three years, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon told analysts and investors Thursday. "Online grocery also continues to perform well, and we're on track to scale the [grocery] offering to more stores this year in several countries, including the U.S.," McMillon went on. By acquiring Jet.com last year and bringing the website's founder, Marc Lore, on board to spearhead Wal-Mart's e-commerce division, the traditionally brick-and-mortar retailer has made clear its plans to move from bricks to clicks, as analysts say. And Wal-Mart wants to make sure its grocery offering is particularly appealing to shoppers online. show chapters Wal-Mart posts mixed Q1 results    19 Hours Ago | 02:22 Walmart.com now boasts 50 million SKUs, and growing, Lore said on a call with journalists, adding that Wal-Mart is very pleased with its growing assortment of food and essentials online. This is up from 35 million items during the previous quarter. "Looking in more detail at the various strands of Walmart's initiatives, a sharper focus on price is cutting through — especially on grocery," GloablData Retail Managing Director Neil Saunders wrote in an email. By pursuing its "Everyday Low Price" strategy, Wal-Mart is likely winning over customers who used to shop for food at dollar stores — think Dollar Tree and Dollar General — and mainstream grocers, Saunders said. "The response to Walmart flexing its price muscles has been good, and we expect further small gains over the rest of this year. A more disciplined focus on low prices is also important as Aldi, and now Lidl, expand into the market," Saunders said, citing data that suggests Wal-Mart is unlikely to need to respond much more aggressively on price than it already has. Lidl, a German discount grocer, announced Wednesday that its first 20 U.S. stores would open June 15 in the Carolinas and Virginia, with another 80 slated to open within the year. Lidl is known for low prices and its emphasis on store brands. Wal-Mart didn't offer much more guidance Thursday regarding the breakdown of its online sales for the latest quarter, which surged a staggering 63 percent and added 0.8 percentage points to its first-quarter same-store sales gain. Lore said the results were driven higher largely by Walmart.com's free two-day shipping offering and higher repeat orders. Wal-Mart recently rolled out an "Easy Reorder" feature that makes it simple for shoppers to restock foods like Kraft Mac & Cheese and General Mills' Honey Nut Cheerios, or other items they would buy frequently. Amazon Dash is a similar concept, where customers can restock products by brands like Tide, Glade or Gatorade, with the push of a button. Meanwhile, Target is trying to stay competitive by stealing Jeff Burt from Kroger to lead its food and beverage business, as comparable sales lag in this division. Last year, Target walked away from an acquisition of Phoenix-based grocery chain Sprouts Farmers Market and instead has shifted resources toward launching its own private-label brands. "While share loss online and to Amazon.com specifically is inevitable and likely to become more pronounced in time, Walmart has an effective omni-channel approach in place to better compete than peers," Mark Astrachan, an analyst at Stifel, said in a research note. Wal-Mart shares hit a 52-week high on Thursday, following the retailer's quarterly financial report. Read: Wal-Mart reports first-quarter earnings Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DG --- DLTR --- AMZN --- TGT --- WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
About AP Essential News from The Associated Press AAA  May. 18, 2017 1:16 PM ET Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores By ANNE D'INNOCENZIOBy ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer         AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, customers head to the parking lot after shopping at a Wal-Mart, in Hialeah, Fla. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) . . 1 of 2 . . More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio _____ Elements of the story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority EarningsAssociated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: Business, Earnings reports, Earnings, Financial performance, Corporate news, Transportation and shipping, Industrial products and services, Retail e-commerce sales, Retail sales, Retail and wholesale sector performance, Economy, Earnings surprises, Earnings estimates, Sales figures, Retail industry, Retail and wholesale, Consumer services, Consumer products and services People, Places and Companies: Doug McMillon, Arkansas       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use ©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Walmart's E-Commerce Surge and Other Takeaways for Brands By Jack Neff - 1 minute ago Array 0 TV Upfronts Hits and Misses: Ad Age's Predictions for the 2017-18 Season By Jeanine Poggi - 6 minutes ago Array 0 Big Tech Dominates Viral Video Chart 24 minutes ago Array 0 Who Wore It Better? Mad Magazine or Time? By Simon Dumenco - 29 minutes ago Array 0 The Ailes Factor: Sizing Up the Legacy of the Fox News 'Warrior' and King-Maker By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago Array 0 The Ailes Factor: Sizing Up the Legacy of the Fox News 'Warrior' and King-Maker By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago 0 Shonda Rhimes on Why Her Work With Dove Doesn't Feel Commercial By Jack Neff - 2 hours ago 0 It's a Weeklong #TBT at the TV Upfronts By Jeanine Poggi - 6 hours ago 0 CP&B Global CEO Lori Senecal to Leave Advertising By Lindsay Stein - 15 hours ago 0 Video: So You Think You Know the Upfronts 3 weeks ago 0 Another Marketing Exec Leaves Coke Amid Corporate Overhaul By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 CP&B Global CEO Lori Senecal to Leave Advertising By Lindsay Stein - 15 hours ago 0 Colbert: 'I Completely Agree With Donald Trump' By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Happy Days for Broadcasters -- as Long as They're Selling Sports By Anthony Crupi - 2 days ago 0 How Instagram Selfie Filters Could Ding Snap's Ad Business By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Walmart's E-Commerce Surge and Other Takeaways for Brands By Jack Neff. Published on May 18, 2017. Those boxes are moving fast: Walmart e-commerce sales surged 63%. Credit: Walmart Most Popular Walmart reported fiscal first-quarter earnings today that showed a huge spike in e-commerce sales as it slightly beat analyst expectations on the bottom line and slightly missed on revenue. Should Amazon be worried? Maybe. Should brand marketers be worried? Definitely. Here are four key takeaways. Walmart's momentum continued. The giant was well within its own target as U.S. comp-store-sales grew 1.4%, continuing a three-year run. This came during a quarter where many rivals disappointed, and Target's "good news" was that its comps fell only 1.3%. E-Commerce delivered big: E-commerce actually accounted for more than half (0.8 points) of Walmart U.S. comp-store growth as sales soared 63%, more than half from organic growth of Walmart.com rather than acquisition of Jet.com or smaller deals. Adopting free two-day shipping on minimum orders of $35 without an Amazon Prime-like annual fee appears to be a winner. And a newer program giving people discounts to pick up online orders at stores is also helping get people into stores more often. Walmart also cited a huge increase in online assortment, fueled largely by more third-party vendors, up to 50 million items from 10 million a year ago. Bernstein analyst Brandon Fletcher in a note also cites improved website operations and search functionality. Should Amazon be worried? At least at this pace, Walmart could get to a fifth Amazon's size this year in U.S. e-commerce, up from a sixth last year. Of course, Amazon is currently profitable (if thinly). Walmart e-commerce isn't. Walmart was more cause than victim of first-quarter retail woes: Rising gas prices, late tax refunds, the peregrinations of the Easter Bunny -- none of that hurt Walmart like it did others. Its comp sales did grow slower than traffic as fewer big-ticket items sold. Walmart blamed later tax refunds. But its more aggressive pricing and e-commerce push clearly took a toll on rivals. Brand marketers (and rivals) should worry: One illustration of price cutting -- that 63% increase in online sales came on a 69% increase in merchandise volume. Fletcher said Walmart executives acknowledged in a private call with analysts that private label is up as a share of sales. Comp-store inventory also fell 7.3% despite the 1.4% sales increase, an 8.7-point spread nearly as big as the prior quarter's 9. So everyone's biggest retail customer keeps selling more stuff than it buys. All that, and competitive reactions it inevitably provokes, means more pressure to cut prices and costs. In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Health Packaged Food Retail Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping Best of Denton Contests NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search Business Business Chronicle Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Donald Trump Double Oak Environmental issues Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Nonprofits Oak Point Oil and gas Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close AFP/Getty Images Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores Filed under Business at 13 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Anne D'Innocenzio, AP Retial Writer Connect with Anne D'Innocenzio Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) -- Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup -- cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. Comments Tags Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to Business More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
null
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Hong Kong car park sells for record $3 bln - 01:26 EU fines Facebook €110m over WhatsApp deal - 01:33 Former Fox CEO Roger Ailes dies - 00:52 Trump storm hits stocks again but dollar steadies - 01:45 Brazil's real falls as President linked to scandal - 01:33 Burberry profit falls 21 pct ahead of new CEO - 01:36 Japan hits longest GDP growth run in a decade - 02:03 Petrobras eyes deep water oil - 01:47 New hire at Ralph Lauren fails to win over skeptics - 01:17 Wall St tumbles as turmoil in Washington spooks investors - 01:17 Dow tumbles 372 pts as Trump drama roils markets - 02:07 Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thursday, May 18, 2017 - 01:12 The world's largest retailer pulls in more customers and online shoppers, boosting quarterly same-store sales more than expected. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Wal-Mart joins Home Depot in bucking the trend. Quarterly same-store sales rose more than expected. Driving those sales: more customers visited its stores. The world's largest retailer is benefiting from its investment to boost wages and better train its workers - moves that have resulted in better stocked shelves and cleaner stores that attract shoppers. Plus, online sales jumped 63 percent - more than double the increase in the previous quarter. Wal-Mart said its existing online operations powered that growth more than its acquisitions. It has been actively buying online retail companies like Jet.com and is now in talks with clothing retailer Bonobos. Wal-Mart's positive results come just after department stores like Macy's reported disappointing sales. Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea said, "Given the current retail landscape with many retailers experiencing challenges across multiple categories, we believe Wal-Mart will continue to turn up the competitive heat by utilizing its scale and technological advantages to extract increased market share." Wal-Mart shares adding onto their nearly 9 percent gain this year at the start of trading. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2q0kaLg <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371703649" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thursday, May 18, 2017 - 01:12 Top News » Deadly Times Square driver had DWI record:... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:16) Breakingviews TV: Beltway to Brasilia Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (3:15) UK PM pitches welfare cuts, migrant curbs in... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:39) Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:59) Made in Blackpool: A Tory landslide? Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:15) Exclusive: Trump's campaign had 18 undisclosed... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:19) UK PM pitches welfare cuts, migrant curbs in... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:33) Former FBI director Mueller named to... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:56) Russia 'ready to provide transcript' of... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:51) Journalists in Mexico mourn for slain... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:32) Breakingviews TV: Government as business Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (5:36) Putin: Want a transcript of that Trump meet? Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:24) Rough Cuts » Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... 1:31am IST - (2:05) Deadly Times Square driver had DWI record:... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:16) Speeding vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:49) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:50) Germany and Turkey spar over troops Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:21) White Tulsa police officer acquitted over... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:20) Huntington's disease sufferers head for... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:07) Will Smith brings flavour of West Philadelphia... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:09) No figures set for Brexit bill says Barnier Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:12) "No way" of knowing if Russians bugged White... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (0:52) Argument for independent counsel 'quite... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:03) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Technology » Facebook takes on TV with Major League... 4:28am IST - (1:56) Plant report reveals new discoveries, climate... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:08) Google's AI raises the bar for rivals Apple,... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:40) Scientists discover coral that could beat... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:31) British daredevil aims to break four records... Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (2:02) Brass pipe offers 'healthy smoking' Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:47) Microsoft slams gov't secrecy Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:27) Lyft partners with Waymo Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:10) Artist creates tattoos you can hear Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:54) Kenya developers fit homes and buildings with... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (2:20) NASA's Whitson and Fischer mark 200th... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:00) ISS astronauts embark on 200th spacewalk Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (0:49) Oddly Enough » New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Ready, steady, mow! The lawnmower racing... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (1:13) Koons unveils a giant inflated ballerina... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (2:15) Man captures 16-foot python in Florida Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:31) History you can taste... the chocolate museum Thu, 11 May, 2017 - (1:40) In a Danish brewery, urine is the secret... Sat, 06 May, 2017 - (0:59) Lion's reverse vasectomy spawns new hope for... Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:09) 'Pisner' beer recycles your urine Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:57) Plastic buns race a highlight at Hong Kong... Thu, 04 May, 2017 - (1:05) The Cheese Rolling World Championship returns Tue, 02 May, 2017 - (0:56) Ancient Roman port in Israel to get facelift Fri, 28 Apr, 2017 - (1:07) Pope Francis launches free launderette for the... Wed, 26 Apr, 2017 - (0:59) Entertainment » Uma Thurnan dazzles on red carpet in Cannes 5:24am IST - (0:59) Julianne Moore wows Cannes with 'Wonderstruck' 4:42am IST - (1:23) Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... 1:31am IST - (2:05) Misty peaks, verdant trees, fresh cherry pie -... 12:08am IST - (2:13) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:50) Hollywood and French film royalty walk the... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:34) Ridley Scott immortalized in Hollywood Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:26) Pharrell Williams gives NYU commencement... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:23) Will Smith brings flavour of West Philadelphia... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:09) 'The Emoji Movie' star makes a splash at... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:30) Cannes boss says cinemas right to object to... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:53) Jimmy Kimmel set to host 2018 Oscars Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:24) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
just-style home News & insights News US Q1 in brief – Stage Stores, Perry Ellis, Walmart By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 18 May 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent first-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Walmart delivered an encouraging start to the year thanks to higher sales, while Iconix Brand Group moved to a loss on the back of declining sales. Kate Spade, meanwhile, saw earnings slump on the back of sales declines, while Hudson's Bay recorded comparable store declines on the back of lower domestic store traffic across all banners.  Stage Stores Stage Stores widened its net loss to US$19m from $15.5m in the first quarter as the company incurred after-tax charges primarily associated with the Gordmans acquisition of about $4m. Net sales were also down, falling 7.3% to $308.6m, compared to $332.8m in the prior year. Meanwhile, comparable sales decreased 9.6%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "After a challenging February in which we saw negative double digit comps, we began to gain momentum and our business improved significantly during the combined March and April period. While we expect retail headwinds to continue in the near term, we believe that our selective acquisition of prime Gordmans' assets allows us to diversify with an off-price business model. We expect the acquisition to add scale to our business and be meaningfully accretive to our earnings in 2018." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it was pleased with a "solid start" to fiscal 2018, with top and bottom line results surpassing guidance, reflecting solid growth in its core brands driven by the earlier shipment of Spring merchandise and strong gross margin expansion. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$12.8m, compared to GAAP net income of $14.3m last year. GAAP Gross margin expanded 120 basis points to 37.6%, while adjusted gross margin expanded 90 basis points. Meanwhile, total sales dropped 7.3% to $242m from $261m last year, but ahead of guidance of $230mto $235 million. The company said the decline reflected a planned decrease in shipments given a reduction of customers' doors and inventory discipline to drive higher margin sales. Walmart Walmart has delivered what analysts say is an encouraging start to the year as sales grew 1.4% in the quarter to US$117.5bn. Excluding currency, sales were up 2.5% to $118.8bn. In its domestic market revenues were up 2.9% to $75.4bn, while international sales climbed 3.5% to $27.1bn. Net earnings, meanwhile, were down 1.3% in the period to $3.04bn. "We delivered a solid first-quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year. We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers," said CEO Doug McMillon. The Children's Place The Children's Place has booked what it says are "outstanding" operating results in the quarter with comparable sales, operating margin and earnings significantly above last year and the high end of its guidance. Net sales increased 4.1% to US$436.7m on the back of a comparable retail sales increased of 6.1%. Operating margin improved 170 basis points to 11.1%, while net income reached $36.2m from $26m a year earlier. American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a mixed first-quarter as earnings slipped but sales increased. For the period ended 29 April, net income fell to US$25.2m from $40.5m last year. Gross margin decreased 270 basis points to 36.5% from 39.2% last year, primarily due to increased promotional activity and higher shipping costs related to a strong digital business. Meanwhile, total net revenue was up 2% to $761.8m, compared to $749.4m in the year-ago period. Consolidated comparable sales were also up 2%, following a 6% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "The first quarter results reflected mall traffic headwinds, especially early in the quarter, with improved trends over Easter and a strong digital business throughout. As we look ahead, we are taking the right steps to improve our results and adjust our business for today's rapidly evolving retail environment." L Brands  L Brands booked a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping to US$94.1m from $152.3m last year. For the three months ended 29 April, net sales fell 7% to $2.44bn compared to $2.61bn in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were also down, falling 9%. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 6 percentage points and 9 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company increased its guidance for 2017 full-year earnings per share to $3.10 to $3.40 from $3.05 to $3.35 previously, and issued guidance for second quarter earnings per share between $0.40 and $0.45. Target Corp US retail group Target said its first-quarter financial performance was "better" than its expectations, as net earnings rose 7.7% to US$681m from $632m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, sales slipped 1.1% to $16.0bn compared to $16.2bn last year, reflecting a comparable sales decline of 1.3%, partially offset by the contribution from new stores. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 22% and contributing 0.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 30.5%, compared with 30.9% in the year-ago period, reflecting increased digital channel fulfilment costs.  CEO Brian Cornell, said: "We are in the early stage of a multi-year effort to position Target for profitable, consistent long-term growth, and while we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape. As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity." Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters saw net income slip 59.8% in the first quarter, falling to US$11.9m from $29.6m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down in the period, falling 0.2% to $761.2m compared to $762.6m last year. Total comparable retail segment net sales decreased 3.1%. By brand, comparable sales increased 1.5% at Free People, but decreased 3.1% at Urban Outfitters and 4.4% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by negative retail store comparable net sales. CEO Richard Hayne, said: "During the first quarter we continued to see strong double-digit growth from our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale business. We believe we have significant opportunity to continue to grow both of these channels at all of our brands." Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said that despite a challenging retail environment, it realised growth across each of its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net income reached US$58.2m compared to $56.9m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also up, increasing 9.9% to $1.8bn from $1.7bn last year. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will continue to "evaluate and adjust" its business model, and is taking actions to reduce its expense structure in order to fund and develop its longer-term strategic initiatives. TJX Companies TJX Companies said it has  great confidence in the continued, successful growth of the company after booking increases in both sales and earnings in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 January, net income reached US$536.3m, compared to $508.3m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin was 29.0%, up 0.2 percentage points versus the prior year. Net sales meanwhile, increased by 3% to $7.8bn from $7.5bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, narrowed its net loss in the first quarter. For the period ended 31 March, net loss was US$2.4m, compared to $6.5m for the prior year period. Net sales meanwhile, were up 19% to $40.1m from $33.7m in the prior year period, reflecting a 22% increase in wholesale segment sales and a 9% increase in consumer direct segment sales. The company added the sales increase was primarily due to sales from the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands for the full period. Gross margin fell to 46.4% compared to 48.5%last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans for the full quarter as well as the inclusion of Swims, which carry lower gross margin rates as primarily wholesale businesses. CEO Michael Buckley said the company is "pleased" with the progress it has made during the quarter, especially in its e-commerce business, which saw a 46% sales increase. Dillard's Dillard's has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its first-quarter, with net income falling to US$66.3m from $77.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped to $1.42bn from $1.50bn a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations improved 65 basis points. CEO William Dillard said that while the company's sales decline weighed heavily onits operating results, it still ended the quarter with $302m of cash, largely due to better cash management. Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked first-quarter earnings in line with expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings were up 37% to US$63m, from $46m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.7% to $3.3bn, compared to $3.2bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.8%. This was consistent with trends experienced over the past year, Nordstrom said. Meanwhile, online sales were 24% of total net sales, driven by 11% growth at Nordstrom.com and 19% at Nordstromrack.com/HauteLook. Hudson's Bay Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) has booked a drop in comparable sales in what it described as a difficult first-quarter, particularly in the US where the group has experienced lower store traffic across all its banners. On a constant currency basis, consolidated comparable sales were down 2.9%. DSG (Hudson's Bay, Lord & Taylor, and Home Outfitters) saw sales fall 2.4%, while Saks Fifth Avenue sales fell 4.8%. In Europe, HBC sales were remained flat. Comparable digital sales were up 5.4%. Macy's US department store retailer Macy's says its first-quarter sales and earnings results were consistent with its expectations, and that it remains on track to meet its 2017 guidance. Earnings in the period dropped to $71m from $115m last year, while gross margin narrowed to 38.1% from 39.1% in the prior year period. Sales totalled $5.34bn, a drop of 7.5% on sales of $5.77bn in the same period last year, reflecting, in part, store closures. Comparable sales on an owned basis were down 5.2%. Kohl's US department store retailer Kohl's has booked mixed first-quarter results as earnings climbed but sales fell. Earnings were up 14% to US$66m from $58m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 83 basis points to 36.4%. Sales, meanwhile, were down 3.2% to $3.84bn. CEO Kevin Mansell, however, said there had been a "significant improvement" in sales and traffic for the March and April period, after a weak February. "Continued strong inventory management led to a major improvement in gross margin, and our teams managed expenses exceptionally well." Wolverine Worldwide Wolverine Worldwide booked what it says was a solid start to the year with earnings and sales that beat expectations and strong progress towards its strategic transformation plan. Revenues dropped 4.8% to US$591.3m due to an additional week of operations in the first quarter of 2017. Underlying revenue declined 2%. Earnings dropped to $16.7m from $17.4m, while gross margin widened slightly to 39.7% from 39.6% last year. "The transformation of our business is well underway with our strategy focused on elevating our most powerful brands with consumers, delivering continuous product innovation and sustained organic growth, and unlocking incremental operational efficiencies, with an emphasis on pace and speed," said CEO Blake Krueger. Iconix Brand Group Iconix moved to a loss in its first-quarter on the back of declining sales as the the company looks to implement initiatives aimed at improving its balance sheet and driving organic growth. Losses amounted to US$4.3m from earnings of $18.6m a year earlier. Operating income declined 27% to $33.6m, while licensing revenue fell 13% to $58.7m. Separately, Iconix announced the sale of its entertainment segment for $345m in cash. Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends said total sales in the 13 weeks to 29 April increased 3.2% to US$200m, compared to $193.7m in the year-ago period. Comparable store sales meanwhile, were up 1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Acting CEO Bruce Smith, said: "We are pleased to report that our improved merchandising strategies are driving better performance, as demonstrated by the increase in our first quarter comparable store sales. After a very slow start to the quarter due to the later disbursement of tax refunds by the Internal Revenue Service, we were able to more than make up February's 21% comparable store sales decline with increases of 13% in March and 18% in April." Weyco Weyco saw both sales and earnings slip in its first-quarter in the face of what it called a "challenging" retail environment. For the three months to 31 March, net earnings attributable to the company fell 17% to US$2.2m from $2.7m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net sales for the quarter slipped to $69.1m, down 12% from $78.9m last year. CEO Thomas Florsheim Jr said: "The retail environment continues to be challenging, as retailers address reduced foot traffic in their brick and mortar stores. We continue to seek growth across all trade channels and are working to reduce our costs.  This quarter we saw higher gross margins and reductions in several categories of selling and administrative costs as a result of our efforts."    Hanesbrands US fashion retailer Hanesbrands said it is off to the strong start of 2017 that it sought, despite net income slipping 12% to US$70.6m from $80.3m in the year-ago period. Net sales meanwhile, increased 13.2% to $1.38bn from $1.22bn last year, thanks to acquisition contributions. Sales for the activewear and international segments increased, while sales decreased as expected for the innerwear segment and manage-for-cash businesses. Hanes has also launched a multiyear initiative to increase investment for growth, reduce costs, and drive cash flow. Project Booster, is expected to drive the company's Sell More, Spend Less, Generate Cash business strategy and is expected to generate about $100m in annualised net cost savings, and $300m of incremental annual net cash from operations after annualised growth reinvestment of $50m. The company has also recently announced the departure of CFO Richard Moss who will retire at the end of 2017. Hanesbrands has initiated an internal and external search for his successor.  VF Corp US apparel giant VF Corporation said its first-quarter results were "right in line" with expectations, despite a 2% fall in both sales and earnings for the period. Net income fell to US$209.2m in the three months to March, from $260.3m the year before. As a result of the sale of its licensed sports group business to Fanatics, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $5.5m the first quarter of 2017. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 50.2% on a reported basis, while total revenues fell to $2.55bn from $2.60bn in the year-ago period. Brand revenue at Vans was up 5% and by 6% at The North Face., but fell 5% at Timberland. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record first-quarter net sales of US$543.8m, a 4% increase compared with net sales of $525.1m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 13% to $36m from $31.8m in the year ago period. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 3%, and net income of between $192m and $199m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "Our first quarter results provide a good start to a year that presents many challenges, especially in the US, which has been impacted by customer bankruptcies, liquidations and ongoing efforts by US.retailers to rationalise their store fleets and square footage. We were encouraged by the Columbia brand's continued growth in Europe-direct markets during the first quarter and by the Sorel brand's successful launch of an expanded Spring assortment. In addition, our direct-to-consumer businesses were a source of growth in every region. "In the midst of changing consumer shopping patterns, our portfolio of powerful brands and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to drive sustainable, profitable growth." Amazon Online retail giant Amazon has booked increases in both sales and earnings in its first-quarter thanks to new product and service launches globally, including seven private apparel brands to Prime members. Net income reached US$724m from $513m a year prior. Net sales were up 23% to $35.7bn. Excluding a $492m unfavourable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales increased 24%. Under Armour Under Armour's share price has spiked after the athletic wear maker posted a first-quarter loss that was better than analyst expectations and reaffirmed its full-year outlook. The loss for the three months to the end of March amounted to US$2.3m from earnings of $19.2m a year ago. Gross margin dropped 70 basis points to 45.2%. Net sales, however, grew 7% to $1.1bn. "Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and we're off to a solid start in 2017," said Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. "By proactively managing our growth to deliver superior innovative product, continuing to strengthen our connection with consumers and increasing our focus on operational excellence - we have great confidence in our ability to drive toward our full year targets." Carter's Carter's booked a mixed first-quarter, with a slight rise in sales but a 13.6% decrease in net income from US$54m to $46.7m. Operating margin also decreased, falling 210 basis points to 10.7%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 1.2% to $732.8m, reflecting growth in the company's domestic retail and wholesale sales, which was partially offset by a decline in International sales. CEO Michael Casey, said: "We achieved our sales and earnings objectives in the first quarter. Stronger than planned demand in our wholesale and ecommerce businesses helped to offset the effects of delayed tax refunds to families with young children and a later Easter holiday. "We have seen a meaningful improvement in sales trends in April, driven by Easter holiday shopping, and expect good growth in sales and earnings in the balance of the year."  Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it pleased to have started off 2017 with a strong first-quarter, despite delivering a 15.6% drop in earnings. For the three months ended 31 March, net income fell to US$20.2m from $23.7m last year. However, the company said its highlight of the quarter was its Steve Madden women's wholesale footwear division, which enjoyed a period of "outstanding growth in a challenging retail environment". Net sales increased 11.2% to $366.4m, compared to $329.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin widened to 36.2%, compared to 35.3% last year. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said the company will take a prudent approach to planning its business in light of retail industry headwinds, but added the strength in its core business "gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to navigate the uncertain environment".  Skechers Despite first-quarter net sales representing a new quarterly record and the first time the company has exceeded US$1bn in quarterly sales, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip in the three months ended 31 March. Sales in the quarter were up 9.6% to $1.07bn on last year, primarily due to a 16.8% increase in the company's international wholesale business and a 12.8% rise in its company-owned global retail business which included comparable same-store sales increases of 2.9%. However, earnings slipped 3.7% to $94m, compared to $97.6m in the year-ago period. CEO David Weinberg said: "We are particularly proud of the growth in the quarter considering the tough comparison to 2016, which included the benefit of an additional day in February and Easter falling in March." Rocky Brands Rocky Brands says it has made a "solid start" to 2017 as it moved to a profit thanks to doubling its military segment sales to a quarterly record US$12m. Net income in the three months ended 31 March amounted to $1.5m from a loss of $0.2m a year earlier. Net sales meanwhile, increased 9.6% to $63.1m, compared to $57.5m in the year-ago period. Wholesale sales declined 2.5% to $39.2m, while retail sales edged up to $11.9m from $11.5m. Gross margin dropped 160 basis points to 31.3%, driven by the increase in military segment sales which carry lower gross margins than its wholesale and retail segments. CEO Mike Brooks said: "The actions we have taken over the past six months to better position the company for profitable growth are clearly gaining traction. While there is still work ahead of us in order to maximise shareholder value over the long-term, we are confident we are heading in the right direction." Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade saw earnings slump to US$1.4m in the three months ended 1 April, from $11.6m a year earlier. The company incurred a $7m of pre-tax store impairment charge and $2m of pre-tax fees and expenses related to its strategic review. Gross margin widened to 63.2% from 61.8%, but net sales dropped 1.2% to $271m. Same-store sales fell 2.4% for the quarter, and were down 8.1% excluding e-commerce.  Direct-to-consumer comparable sales fell 2%. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase in the first quarter, up 4% to US$1.10bn from $1.06bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 26 February, net income slipped to $60m, down 9% from $66m last year. The decline primarily reflected lower gross margins, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 51.2% from 53%. In Europe, net revenues were up 12%, while in the Americas sales dropped by 1% and Asia net revenues declined 2%. "Despite the on-going challenges in the industry, I am pleased that we delivered 5% currency-neutral growth over a strong Q1 last year," said Chip Bergh, president and CEO. "We were able to deliver these solid results despite a declining US wholesale business, because of the breadth of our portfolio. Specifically, we grew in all three regions, with particularly outstanding results in Europe; double digit growth in our direct-to-consumer business; and double digit growth on women's and tops." Tweet Shoes For Crews picks PLM to manage growth PREVIOUS UK clothing retail sales growth strong in April NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights 'Who Made My Clothes?' will redefine supply chains Technology and sustainability help transform denim Cambodia clothing sector faces up to skills gap An assembly-worker free apparel industry? Apparel retail in the age of austerity News Sri Lanka regains EU duty-free trade concession US Q1 in brief – Stage Stores, Perry Ellis Texprocess 2017 – Four top innovations unveiled Shandong Ruyi to open first North America facility Retailers turn to technology to shake up strategy Market research Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 Clothing Market in the Top 5 American Countries to 2021 - Market Size, Development, and Forecasts When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 Performance apparel markets: business update, April 2017 Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc VF Corporation Gap Inc Inditex SA Nike Inc Adidas Group Levi Strauss & Co Zara Wal-Mart Stores Inc Primark Tesco Plc Lectra Target Corporation Li & Fung Limited PVH Corporation Topshop/Topman JC Penney Company Inc Puma AG Invista All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism OG&E CEO says Fort Smith is ‘well-positioned’ for economic development Wal-Mart CEO to be deposed in Mexican bribery lawsuit, but case may not go to trial Jonesboro building permit numbers plummet; Mayor Perrin confident of $200 million goal Arkansas jobless rate touches new all-time low at 3.5%, governor says Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas jobless rate touches new all-time low at 3.5%, governor says Gov. Hutchinson, state officials unveil online ‘idea’ suggestion box, phone line Fort Smith sent more than 87% of its total recycling collections to landfill from October 2014-present As he launches his re-election bid, Gov. Hutchinson hopes task force can ‘accelerate’ broad tax reform Former FBI Director Robert Mueller named as Special Counsel in Trump-Russia probe Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas OG&E CEO says Fort Smith is ‘well-positioned’ for economic development Jonesboro building permit numbers plummet; Mayor Perrin confident of $200 million goal Fort Smith sent more than 87% of its total recycling collections to landfill from October 2014-present Trial date set in Bailey & Oliver Law Firm gender discrimination, equal pay lawsuit Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas’ tourism sector posts early 2017 dips compared to robust 2016 numbers Old Dominion leads LTL industry, ABF value down, shippers say The Supply Side: Tango Press looks to fill digital production demand Automated technology impacts trucking industry ROI, benefits driver retention Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Quarterly income down 1.3% for Wal-Mart, but per share earnings beat estimates BusinessFinanceLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 15 hours ago 50 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores performed better than equity analysts expected in the recent quarter ending April 28, even with net income down by 1.3% to $3.039 billion. The $1 net income per share beat the consensus estimate of 96 cents per share. Revenue was slightly less than analysts expected as Wal-Mart reported top line sales of $117.5 billion compared to the consensus of $117.7 billion. That said, revenue grew 1.4% from the $115.904 billion in the year-ago quarter. Some deflationary pricing and foreign currency exchange rates drove down revenue by roughly $1.3 billion in the quarter. “We delivered a solid first quarter and we’re encouraged by the start to the year. We’re moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers. Our plan is gaining traction, and I want to thank our associates for their hard work, ingenuity and commitment to our customers. Our customers have choices, and we have to earn their business with every interaction,” Doug McMillon, CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, noted in the earnings report issued Thursday (May 18). There were more things going right for Wal-Mart in the quarter with comparable store sales growth of 1.4% in U.S. stores and a 1.5% jump in same-store traffic. Much of the retail sector has in recent months reported weaker store traffic. This marks the 10th consecutive quarter of positive comp traffic for the retail giant. On a two-year stacked basis, comp traffic is up 3%. Comp sales have been up for the past 11 quarters behind improved U.S. store results. “Wal-Mart is generating traffic in brick and mortar and growing e-commerce and you just don’t see that anywhere in retail today,” said Karen Short, an analyst with Barclays. “E-commerce is working for Wal-Mart and it’s not coming at the expense of its store traffic.” Short said the discipline Walmart U.S. is displaying is working and she was not disappointed by the first quarter results. “Wal-Mart is my top pick,” she added. Wall Street overall applauded Wal-Mart’s good quarter with shares (NYSE: WMT) rallying in the morning session. Shares rose more than 2% trading around $75.76 in heavy volume. For the past 52 weeks the stock price has ranged between $65.28 and $77.50. While there was plenty for McMillon and his executive team to smile about, he said in the pre-recorded call the company is moving faster to combine its digital and physical assets to make shopping easier and more enjoyable for customers, but there’s still plenty of room for improvement. “We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we’re capable of, so that’s what we’re focused on,” he added. Wal-Mart expects second quarter earnings between $1 and $1.08 per share. WALMART U.S. Walmart U.S. reported net sales revenue of $75.436 billion, up 2.9% over the $73.295 billion reported in the same period last year. Comp sales up 1.4% and traffic up 1.5% were helped by a 0.80% bump from the company’s e-commerce division where items are ordered online and picked-up in stores. Walmart U.S. e-commerce grew its gross market value by 69% in the quarter, much of which is organic growth and also includes Jet.com. Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore said Thursday the two-day free shipping service on more than 1 million online items is having a positive impact on online sales. Likewise, the new pickup discounts when shoppers pick up their online order in stores is also good for store traffic. Analysts also suspect much of the e-commerce growth is related to the retailer’s expanded marketplace offerings. When asked to quantify the growth, Wal-Mart CFO Brett Biggs told the media that e-commerce is still a small piece of the overall business and that’s why it doesn’t yet break out specifics. Walmart U.S. said the average ticket declined slightly because of lower sales of higher ticket items at the beginning of the quarter related to the delay in tax refunds. But, the grocery business improved delivering the strongest comp sales performance in more than three years. Wal-Mart did not break out the comps for Neighborhood Market formats in the quarter. The U.S. segment also benefited from a 7.3% decline in comp store inventories in the quarter. The segment’s gross margin rate was flat in the quarter as the company continues to invest heavily in its e-commerce business. Walmart U.S. expects comp sales growth between 1.5% and 2% in the quarter ending July 28. SAM’S CLUB Sam’s Club, now under the leadership of CEO John Furner, reported net sales of $13.993 billion, up 2.8% from a year ago. Comparable sales, excluding fuel, rose 1.6% and traffic was up 1%, reversing a negative trend a year ago. Sam’s reported a slight increase in tickets up 0.5%. Like Walmart U.S., Sam’s saw a 0.80% bump in comp sales related to its growing e-commerce business which is 21% higher year-over-year. Membership also grew from a year ago, though the company didn’t break out the total. Sam’s Club did say its Club Pickup increased nearly 30% from a year ago. Sam’s Club expects comp sales to grow between 1-1.5% in the quarter ending July 28. WALMART INTERNATIONAL The international division had net sales of $27.097 billion, down 3.5% from a year ago. Biggs said international reporting lags the rest of the company by about one month and the late Easter this year was not included in the first quarter results. On a constant currency basis net sales totaled $28.296 billion, up 0.8% to a year ago. Biggs also said there was $385 million in sales the company didn’t have compared to a year ago relating to the sale of Yihaodian to J.D.com in the fourth quarter of last year. Also the sale of the Suburbia apparel format will be completed in the second quarter of this year with an expected 5-cent earnings per share benefit in the quarter. Likewise, international sales are expected to compromised by about $600 million this year without Suburbia. Following are results in key foreign markets. • Walmex total sales grew 5.2% and comp sales rose 3.7% in the quarter. • China net sales increased 0.7% and comp sales fell 1.3%. • United Kingdom net sales improved 0.9% while comps were down 2.8%. • Canada net sales grew 2.7%, and comp sales rose 1.5%. Comments comments Previous post UAMS Northwest awarded $2.1 million for Marshallese diabetes prevention research Next post Large commercial buildings more commonly use lighting controls Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular OG&E CEO says Fort Smith is ‘well-positioned’ for economic development 4 hours ago Wal-Mart CEO to be deposed in Mexican bribery lawsuit, but case may not go to trial 8 hours ago Jonesboro building permit numbers plummet; Mayor Perrin confident of $200 million goal 8 hours ago Arkansas jobless rate touches new all-time low at 3.5%, governor says 9 hours ago Gov. Hutchinson, state officials unveil online ‘idea’ suggestion box, phone line 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 3,041 views Fort Smith attorney announces intent to run for At-Large School Board post, incumbent Deanie Mehl will not seek re-election 2,423 views Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 2,293 views Fast 15 recognizes up-and-comers who’ve enjoyed success at a young age 2,077 views The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 1,723 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, May 19, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Outreach From President Made Comey Uneasy, a Friend Says By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT James B. Comey, the former F.B.I. director, described being dismayed by President Trump’s attempts to build a personal relationship with him amid the Russia investigation. A friend of Mr. Comey’s said that he saw Mr. Trump’s behavior in a “more menacing light” and decided to speak out.  Comments Trump Calls Russia Special Counsel a ‘Witch Hunt’ By MARK LANDLER 10:46 PM ET The president said there had not been any collusion between Russia and his campaign, and added that the continued speculation “divides the country.” Video by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. Photo by Doug Mills/The New York Times   On Washington Investigation Could Linger Over Trump’s Presidency By CARL HULSE 9:06 PM ET An aggressive, high-powered inquiry could become a near permanent fixture of Mr. Trump’s time in office. Decision to Fire Comey Was Made Before Justice Memo By EMMARIE HUETTEMAN, REBECCA R. RUIZ and MATTHEW ROSENBERG 9:12 PM ET The deputy attorney general said he knew the decision to fire Mr. Comey was made before he wrote a justification. Advisers Urge Trump to Hire Outside Lawyer By MAGGIE HABERMAN and GLENN THRUSH The recommendations came even before a special counsel was named to lead the investigation. Related Coverage Lieberman Is a Finalist for F.B.I. Director, Trump Says 9:03 PM ET Washington Is Abuzz With Surround Sound of Scandal Woman Is Killed as Driver Plows Into Times Square Crowd By ELI ROSENBERG and LIAM STACK 9:37 PM ET A Bronx man with a history of drunken driving arrests was taken into custody. An 18-year-old woman was killed and 22 people were injured. 1:45 ‘We Saw This Guy Going Crazy’ By MALACHY BROWNE, AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER and NEETI UPADHYE Kushner Shepherded $110 Billion Weapons Deal to Saudis By MARK LANDLER, ERIC SCHMITT and MATT APUZZO Jared Kushner called the head of Lockheed Martin while he met with Saudi officials, showing President Trump’s eagerness for a major deal before his first foreign trip. Why Have Relations With Israel Cooled? Saudis to Give Royal Welcome to Trump, Ignoring His Slights Brazil President Rejects Calls to Quit Amid New Scandal By SIMON ROMERO Reports that President Michel Temer authorized the payment of hush money to a jailed ally engulfed Latin America’s largest country. States Trim Prison Rolls, Even as Sessions Gets Tough By RICHARD A. OPPEL Jr. More than 30 states, including Texas, have moved to curb incarceration rates and find alternatives to prisons as Attorney General Jeff Sessions has charted the opposite course. The Daily 360 1:40 Disabled and Conquering a Rock Wall Will Strathmann for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Fiat Chrysler, in Settlement Talks With U.S., Is Under More Pressure U.S. Warplanes in Syria Hit Pro-Government Militia Convoy Trump Sends Nafta Renegotiation Notice to Congress Berlin Truck Attacker Had Been Flagged as a High-Level Drug Dealer Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. My Strange Trip Through Iran’s Heartland As Iran elects a new president, I drove 550 miles from its holiest city to the capital to see how people are divided. By THOMAS ERDBRINK Your Evening Briefing By INYOUNG KANG and SANDRA STEVENSON Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Your Friday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 1:11 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Who are Robert Mueller and Rod Rosenstein? A closer look at two of the players at the center of the investigation of Trump’s ties to Russia. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living Recipes to Cook for 90-Degree Days NYT Cooking Little to no-cook dishes for the sweaty and sweltering. Tips to Keep Your Bag From Taking a Trip Without You By MARTHA C. WHITE Airline professionals say there some things you can do to lower your chances of having a bag mishandled and to improve your chances it will be returned to you. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Antarctic DispatchesPart 1 of 3 High Above Antarctica, Mapping its Meltdown Read the story Or explore above and below Antarctica’s ice in virtual reality. Ailes, Who Made Fox News Voice of the Right, Dies at 77 By CLYDE HABERMAN Robert Ailes built Fox News into a conservative empire before he was ousted from the network last year.  Comments Ailes Fused TV With Politics, Changing Both Basquiat Painting Sells for $110.5 Million at Auction By ROBIN POGREBIN and SCOTT REYBURN 11:54 PM ET Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull set an auction record for any American artist, beating Andy Warhol and putting the artist in “in the same league as Francis Bacon and Pablo Picasso.” Chris Cornell, Soundgarden Frontman, Dies at 52 By CARYN GANZ and JOHN LELAND Mr. Cornell was a powerful, dynamic voice of 1990s grunge music as the lead singer for the bands Soundgarden and, later, Audioslave. His death has been ruled a suicide. A Spectacular Voice of Grunge, With a Glint of Tragedy Listen to 10 Essential Chris Cornell Songs About New York What’s Worse than the Subway? Being Unable to Ride It By JIM DWYER Slowed by Parkinson’s, Gene Russianoff, a longtime fighter for better mass transit, is now tackling Access-A-Ride, the M.T.A.’s system for people with disabilities. Miles of Ice Collapsing Into the Sea Some scientists fear that West Antarctica’s immense ice sheet may have entered the early stages of an unstoppable disintegration. ‘Vulnerable Voices’ Lash Out as Companies Sway Climate Talks Developing nations and environmental groups condemned the presence of corporate lobbyists at a climate change talk session in Germany, but the United States defended it. Duterte Orders Strict Smoking Ban in Philippines, and Asks Citizens to Help The executive order, made public on Thursday, banned public smoking and said citizens should band together to help catch and charge violators. Paul Pogba Can’t Save Manchester United Alone English soccer’s obsession with the individual over the team is projected onto the world’s most expensive player, Rory Smith writes. Google Is Building the Future Without greater federal funding of cutting-edge technologies, corporations such as Google will be the ones that own the future. Casting Call in Naples Lets Children Dream, if Briefly This was not just any call, but one for HBO’s adaptation of “My Brilliant Friend,” the first of the four smash-hit Neapolitan Novels by Elena Ferrante. The Opinion Pages Impeachment’s Political Heart By GREG WEINER The framers cared about a president’s potential abuses over his past crimes and misdemeanors. What Roger Ailes Learned From Richard Nixon By DAVID GREENBERG 9:21 PM ET The mastermind of Fox News played on the cultural resentment he learned working for the Nixon White House. Erdogan Does Not Get His Way Peace in Colombia The Damage Flynn Has Done to Foreign Policy By STEVEN SIMON and JONATHAN STEVENSON 9:35 PM ET Don’t believe allegations that he held up the war in Syria. But he has created international headaches. Editorial: The Special Counsel America Needs Collins: Security Under Trump Kristof: Dangerous Times Stephens: ‘Flight 93 Election’ What Saudi Arabia Needs to Hear From Trump Why Republicans Are Always Looking Over Their Shoulders User Subscriptions What White House Correspondents Pack To Cover the Cosby Story Is to Feel Its Impact Times Insider » What White House Correspondents Pack The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story DealBook Jon Corzine Seeks a Wall Street Comeback Opinion What Trump Threatened in Israel N.Y. / Region Puerto Rican Day Parade to Honor a Militant N.Y. / Region Where Handymen Step Back in Time Opinion The Best Replacement for Obamacare Is Medicaid Times Insider To Cover the Cosby Story Is to Feel Its Impact Book Review Why Three 18th-Century Revolutions Matter Now Opinion If You’re in a Wheelchair, Segregation Lives Theater Moonlighting in Pen and Ink and Piano Food The Ideal Aperitif: Cool and Fragrant Vermouth Opinion Russia’s Age-Old Question: Who Are We? Book Review Ghosts, Warring Gods and the Apocalypse: The Best of New Science Fiction and Fantasy Sections World » Saudi Arabia, Ignoring Trump’s Slights, Will Give Him a Royal Welcome Iran Has Its Own Hard-Line Populist, and He’s on the Rise Naples Journal: Ferrante Casting Call in Naples Lets Children Dream, if for a Day Business Day » Mediator: Roger Ailes: The Man Who Mined a Divided America Roger Ailes’s Swift Exit From the Network He Built Roger Ailes, Who Built Fox News Into an Empire, Dies at 77 Opinion » Gail Collins: Trump’s Version of Keeping Us Safe Editorial: Robert Mueller: The Special Counsel America Needs Nicholas Kristof: Dangerous Times for Trump and the Nation U.S. » Their Public Housing at the End of Its Life, Residents Ask: What Now? White Tulsa Officer Is Acquitted in Fatal Shooting of Black Driver States Trim Penalties and Prison Rolls, Even as Sessions Gets Tough Technology » E.U. Fines Facebook $122 Million Over Disclosures in WhatsApp Deal With Ransomware, It’s Pay and Embolden Perpetrators, or Lose Precious Data China’s Strength and Its Shopping Lift Alibaba’s Results Arts » Chris Cornell, Soundgarden and Audioslave Frontman, Dies at 52 An Appraisal: Chris Cornell: A Spectacular Voice of Grunge, With a Glint of Tragedy A Basquiat Sells for ‘Mind-Blowing’ $110.5 Million at Auction Politics » Fact Check: Fact Check: Trump Is Contradictory on Comey and Misleading on Russia Amid Trump Turmoil, Some Begin Eyeing Mike Pence White House Reveals Details on Military and Wall Ahead of Budget Proposal Fashion & Style » We Settle a Big Fashion Rivalry: Nashville vs. Columbus Social Q’s: My Friend Comments on People’s Weight (and I’m Not So Slim) On the Runway: From Pantene to Polo: The New Man at Ralph Lauren Movies » Review: ‘Alien: Covenant’ Stays on Brand With Its Terror Art Review: Iñárritu’s ‘Carne y Arena’ Virtual Reality Simulates a Harrowing Border Trek At Cannes, le Booing Isn’t Just Reserved for Bad Films New York » One Dead and 22 Injured as Car Rams Into Pedestrians in Times Square Why Does New York State Control the Subway? That’s the 20-Cent Question Puerto Rican Day Parade to Honor a Long-Jailed Militant Sports » Royals 5, Yankees 1: Royals Silence Previously Potent Yankees Lineup Penguins Go From Murray to Fleury, to Murray? On Soccer: Paul Pogba Can’t Save Manchester United Alone. Nobody Can. Theater » Jules Feiffer and a ‘Hamilton’ Producer Color Outside the Lines for a New Musical A Word With: Brendon Urie Steps Away From the Disco and Into ‘Kinky Boots’ Review: One-Act Highlights Find the Laughs in Political Anxiety Science » Trilobites: Ladybugs Pack Wings and Engineering Secrets in Tidy Origami Packages Miles of Ice Collapsing Into the Sea Trilobites: Between a T. Rex’s Powerful Jaws, Bones of Its Prey Exploded Obituaries » Roger Ailes, Who Built Fox News Into an Empire, Dies at 77 Chris Cornell, Soundgarden and Audioslave Frontman, Dies at 52 Beatrice Trum Hunter, ‘Natural Foods Cookbook’ Author, Dies at 98 Television » Critic's Notebook: Roger Ailes Fused TV With Politics, Changing Both Welcome Back to Twin Peaks: An Illustrated Glossary Jimmy Fallon Was on Top of the World. Then Came Trump. Health » Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts F.D.A. Warns of Faulty Lead Testing in Children and Mothers Suspected Cases of Ebola Rise to 29 in Democratic Republic of Congo Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Biarritz On the Water: Ten Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines Footsteps: A Botanist in Swedish Lapland Books » American Beauties: A Patriotic and Paranoid Memoir Stared Nixon’s America in the Eye Books of The Times: ‘The End of Eddy’ Captures a Savage Childhood and a Global Movement Books of The Times: ‘Shake It Up’ Aims to Put Rock Writing in the Pantheon Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Free Tuition? Tennessee Could Tutor New York 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » Hungry City: East Meets West, and Cafe Becomes Sake Bar, at Hi-Collar The Pour: The Ideal Aperitif: Good Vermouth, Cool and Fragrant ‘Modern Mexican’ Steps Into the Spotlight Sunday Review » On Campus: U Can’t Talk to Ur Professor Like This Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode Real Estate » The Hunt: With a Move to Williamsburg, More Sleep and More Workouts Living In: Spuyten Duyvil, the Bronx: Crosscurrents of Suburb and City International Real Estate: House Hunting in … Como, Italy The Upshot » Economic View: How Tales of ‘Flippers’ Led to a Housing Bubble The Cost of College: How Colleges Know What You Can Afford (and the Limits of That Tactic) The New Health Care: Why Marathons Are More Dangerous for Nearby Residents Than Runners Magazine » The Health Issue: Why Close Encounters With Animals Soothe Us The Health Issue: The Self-Medicating Animal Eat: Chowder-Soaked Toast Any Chef Would Want to Claim Automobiles » VW Engineers Wanted O.K. From the Top for Emissions Fraud, Documents Show Driven: Video Review: A Competition Puts S.U.V.s Through Their Paces Ford Moves to Trim Its Ranks as Its Chief Faces a Test T Magazine » Running Free in Germany’s Outdoor Preschools Food Photography, Over the Years In the Air: Flowermania — It’s in the Air Times Insider » What White House Correspondents Pack To Cover the Cosby Story Is to Feel Its Impact Looking Back: If You Have an Hour or Two to Spare, I’ve Got a Story Real Estate » Living In Spuyten Duyvil, the Bronx: Crosscurrents of Suburb and City By C. J. HUGHES Full-service apartment buildings give an urban vibe, but historic homes and tidy yards suggest something quieter.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Follow Sign in / Sign up Home Climate Politics Russia World Justice Immigration Video Latest Bryce CovertBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org May 18 Workers say Walmart is still punishing pregnant employees Employees say they’ve been fired or forced onto unpaid leave instead of the company helping them stay on the job. CREDIT: Gunnar Rathbun/AP Images Otisha Woolbright says that Walmart gave her two choices in 2013 when she handed over a doctor’s note saying she couldn’t safely lift heavy objects at work because of her pregnancy: keep doing the job as before, including lifting large boxes, or walk out the door. When she asked whether she could transfer to a department with less physically demanding duties, she was allegedly told she hadn’t worked there long enough. “That’s like saying, ‘I want you to lose your baby, I don’t care about your baby, I want you to work,’” she said. “That’s how they made me feel.” She couldn’t afford to lose her job. She had only just moved into her own apartment and started to be able to pay her bills. So she kept working at the Walmart in Jacksonville, Florida and lifting whatever she was asked to. It took just two weeks for her to injure herself picking up a box of chicken that weighed around 50 pounds. “I still deal with sciatica to this day from injuring myself at Walmart,” she said. Then one day she requested information on taking a leave of absence, even though she knew she wouldn’t qualify for unpaid Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) time off because she hadn’t worked there long enough, thinking ahead to what she would do after her baby was born. Her managers called her into the office the same day and told her that the company no longer needed her services, she said. “They made me feel like me requesting for my FMLA and being pregnant was the issue,” she said. Her firing abruptly ended what she had hoped would be a blossoming career with the company. She had not only planned to work throughout her pregnancy, but to get trained in other departments. “I wanted to know everything,” she said. She had planned to work her way up the company ranks and even work internationally. “I had dreams,” she said. “I had dreams at Walmart.” Those dreams are now long gone. “The only thing I wanted to do was have a healthy life, a healthy baby,” she said. “I wasn’t a lazy worker… but my being pregnant seemed like it was a problem for them.” According to a new class action lawsuit that Woolbright is a part of, it’s been a problem for a lot of other women, too. Along with advocacy organizations A Better Balance and the National Women’s Law Center, as well as the law firms Mehri & Skalet and Sedey Harper & Westhoff, Woolbright and fellow former Walmart employee Talisa Borders have accused the company of discriminating against thousands of pregnant women across the country by failing to accommodate their needs during pregnancy. “It’s really seeking justice for these individuals who suffered incredibly,” said Elizabeth Gedmark, senior staff attorney at A Better Balance. Walmart didn’t respond to a request for comment on the lawsuit. Walmart Promised To Stop Punishing Pregnant Workers. So Why Did These Pregnant Workers Get Fired? thinkprogress.org The class action lawsuit stems from previous complaints both women lodged with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. “That’s what you do if you’re not able to resolve something at the EEOC level,” Gedmark said of the suit. “It’s really a substantial problem and it plays such a large role in their lives that we couldn’t just let it lie.” They expect more women to join. Their lawsuit is specific to the period of time when both women were working at Walmart, which is before the company tweaked its disability policy. Before the change, the company explicitly excluded pregnancy from any on-the-job accommodations while offering them to disabled workers or those hurt at work. When Borders became pregnant, she kept doing her job in the pharmacy department of an O’Fallon, Illinois Walmart as she had before. But then one day she climbed up on a ladder to get something and nearly fell off. When she started avoiding going up ladders for fear of hurting herself or her baby, she said her manager told her to get a doctor’s note — so her doctor wrote a note saying she shouldn’t go up and down ladders or lift more than 25 pounds until after she had given birth. Rather than find a way to work with her, Borders said that when she handed the note to her manager she was told she had to take an unpaid leave of absence and that she could only get an accommodation if she actually got hurt at work. The month away from work without pay was a difficult period. “I was crying straight for days,” she said. Her daughter had outgrown the previous year’s summer clothes, but she didn’t have money to buy her new ones, so a friend had to take her daughter shopping. She lost her car because she couldn’t pay the bill. Her credit score dropped as she borrowed to cover expenses. “I didn’t know how I was going to pay a bill,” she said. “I didn’t have no one, for real.” Things didn’t get much better, though, when she got back to work: She said she was told that because she had been out for so long, her original position was no longer available. But, she pointed out, “It wasn’t my choice to be gone long.” She was told she had to take a lower-paid job. “I had already been out of work for a whole month with no money to pay anything, the bills was sky high.” In 2014, Walmart’s policy changed so that workers may be eligible for an accommodation — avoiding heavy lifting, say, or getting more frequent bathroom breaks and chances to sit down — if they have “a temporary disability caused by pregnancy,” a change the company claimed at the time was “best in class.” But the new lawsuit also pertains to pregnant employees who were allegedly fired or pushed onto unpaid leave after that change. It alleges that Walmart’s current policies still illegally discriminate against pregnant women, violating the Pregnancy Discrimination Act. “We still do believe that this is happening and their change in policy was not enough to fix the problem,” Gedmark said. That’s what Brittani Russell of Porter, Texas says just happened to her. She was excited to start back at Walmart as a full-time employee last week. She’s five months pregnant and needed a job to pay her rent and bills. “It was starting to seem like things were going to be okay after Walmart hired me,” she said. The job was ideal, given that she had worked there before so she already knew its systems. Pregnant Workers At Walmart Fear The Company’s New Policy Won’t Go Far Enough To Protect Them thinkprogress.org Things seemed to be going well: on her first Friday shift she says her manager told her she got a compliment from a customer, and he had no complaints for her over the weekend. But working the long hours she had been used to before was taking a toll on her this time around. Her feet were painfully swelling from so much time spent standing on them while pregnant. “Sunday, when I got home I could barely even walk through the door,” she said. So when she went in on Monday she decided to tell the personnel office that she was pregnant and needed to reduce the hours she worked each shift to avoid the pain in her feet. She says the people she spoke to seemed happy to work with her and changed her schedule. But just as she clocked out that day, her manager said she had to speak with her. That’s when she says she was told that customers had made complaints about her service on Saturday and that coworkers claimed she had been saying she hated Walmart. It was the first she had heard about any of it. “I know for sure that they’re making it up,” she said. She claims that she instead was telling coworkers how happy she was to be back at the company, and that she would never badmouth a new employer anyway. She confronted them, she said, arguing that she was being fired because she was pregnant. “They denied it, but I’m not stupid,” she said. “Why wasn’t anything said or done until after I told them that I was pregnant?” The company didn’t respond to a request for comment on what happened to Russell. She walked out in tears. “I’m really irritated at Walmart,” she said. She’s now trying to find a new job. Her boyfriend is hopeful that he himself will soon get a job with Walmart, but they need two incomes to afford rent and pay their bills. She needs to buy new tires and windshield wipers for her car, and she’s let her car insurance lapse because she hasn’t been getting a steady paycheck. The ramifications of Walmart’s actions linger long after the incidents themselves. Borders still hasn’t recovered financially four years later. “I’m still playing catch up,” she said. Woolbright wasn’t able to find another job for another year after she was made to leave Walmart. “I was seven months pregnant and nobody would hire me,” she said. “I couldn’t get a job if my life depended on it.” To scrape by, she did whatever odd jobs she could, cleaning houses and walking dogs. She borrowed money from family and friends, some of whom she still hasn’t been able to pay back. The ordeal sent her back into depression, something she’s still living with. “I’ve been dealing with it since they let me go,” she said. “I haven’t let this go, I couldn’t let this go. I would never forgive Walmart for doing this to me.” Walmart Pregnancy Economy Women 9 1 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Bryce Covert Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 9 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart beats on earnings as online sales surge Akin Oyedele May 18, 2017, 7:10 AM 2,162 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Images Walmart on Thursday reported first-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts' expectations, boosted by strong online sales. America's largest brick-and-mortar retailer said gross merchandise volume in its e-commerce unit — the value of everything sold online — jumped by 69% compared with the same period last year. Walmart's acquisition of Jet.com as well as smaller companies including ModCloth and Shoebuy have beefed up its online results. With online sales growing at the fastest pace in at least five years, according to Bloomberg, Walmart appears to be gaining ground in its efforts to fight the threat from Amazon. Adjusted earnings came in at $1 a share, Walmart said in a statement, beating analysts' forecast for $0.96, according to Bloomberg. Sales at stores open for at least one year rose by 1.4%, ahead of the forecast for 1.3%. Walmart said grocery sales improved from the fourth quarter, offsetting a decline in general-merchandise sales that was partly because some tax refunds were delayed. The retailer's price war with Kroger and other competitors pared down its gross margin, which was flat. Walmart's stock fell by as much as 1.5% in premarket trading. The company said it expected second-quarter earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, below expectations, excluding a $0.05 benefit. More from Akin Oyedele: NOW WATCH: Animated map of what Earth would look like if all the ice melted Loading video... More: Walmart Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart beats on earnings as online sales surge Walmart beats on earnings as online sales surge Walmart on Thursday reported first-quarter... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian shares mostly lower… Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries By ALEX VEIGA May 18, 2017 10:29 pm 2 min read Share TOKYO (AP) — Asian stocks were mostly lower Friday as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian coordination with President Donald Trump’s campaign. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 0.2 percent to 19,510.96 in morning trading. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 edged down nearly 0.5 percent to 5,711.10. South Korea’s Kospi was little changed at 2,287.30. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 25,131.74. The Shanghai Composite slipped nearly 0.1 percent to 3,087.38. BRAZIL FACTOR: Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. U.S. FACTOR: U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. THE QUOTE: “Given the heightened level of uncertainty, I suspect traders will remain in a kind of Investor Purgatory where risk aversion dominates and fear mounts that the investigation could open up a whole new can of worms which will do little more than compound the markets current panic syndrome,” said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures added 32 cents to $49.67 a barrel. It rose 28 cents to $49.35 a barrel in New York Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 40 cents to $52.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1112 from $1.1153 late Thursday in Asia. The dollar strengthened slightly to 111.20 yen from 111.17 yen. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Related Topics Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian shares mostly lower… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Republicans gearing up for major changes to federal pay and benefits Top Story EPA setting aside $12 million for VERA/VSIP amid remainder of FY17’s ‘challenging’ budget schedule Pay & Benefits Federal pay debate heads back to Capitol Hill this week Pay & Benefits $603 billion is the magic number for DoD in 2018 Defense News Postal regulatory agency to conclude postage review this fall Agency Oversight Fed Photo of the Day LEGO Statue of Liberty at American History Museum Today in History 1917: Congress passes the Selective Service Act THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 18, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8471 0.0082 2.24% L 2020 25.4136 0.0224 3.69% L 2030 28.2736 0.0398 5.24% L 2040 30.4210 0.0505 6.00% L 2050 17.4309 0.0333 6.69% G Fund 15.3231 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8445 -0.0223 1.75% C Fund 32.8855 0.1210 7.16% S Fund 42.4349 0.1570 5.78% I Fund 27.7660 -0.0192 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Health Watch Innovations Generation Maker Most Popular More Videos video Business Playing Now Hong Kong car park sells for record $3 bln - 01:26 EU fines Facebook €110m over WhatsApp deal - 01:33 Former Fox CEO Roger Ailes dies - 00:52 Trump storm hits stocks again but dollar steadies - 01:45 Brazil's real falls as President linked to scandal - 01:33 Burberry profit falls 21 pct ahead of new CEO - 01:36 Japan hits longest GDP growth run in a decade - 02:03 Google's AI raises the bar for rivals Apple, Amazon - 02:40 Petrobras eyes deep water oil - 01:47 New hire at Ralph Lauren fails to win over skeptics - 01:17 Wall St tumbles as turmoil in Washington spooks investors - 01:17 Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thursday, May 18, 2017 - 01:12 The world's largest retailer pulls in more customers and online shoppers, boosting quarterly same-store sales more than expected. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Wal-Mart joins Home Depot in bucking the trend. Quarterly same-store sales rose more than expected. Driving those sales: more customers visited its stores. The world's largest retailer is benefiting from its investment to boost wages and better train its workers - moves that have resulted in better stocked shelves and cleaner stores that attract shoppers. Plus, online sales jumped 63 percent - more than double the increase in the previous quarter. Wal-Mart said its existing online operations powered that growth more than its acquisitions. It has been actively buying online retail companies like Jet.com and is now in talks with clothing retailer Bonobos. Wal-Mart's positive results come just after department stores like Macy's reported disappointing sales. Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea said, "Given the current retail landscape with many retailers experiencing challenges across multiple categories, we believe Wal-Mart will continue to turn up the competitive heat by utilizing its scale and technological advantages to extract increased market share." Wal-Mart shares adding onto their nearly 9 percent gain this year at the start of trading. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2qvR7Tr <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371703649" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thursday, May 18, 2017 - 01:12 Top News » Mississippi boy found dead after being... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:22) Wall Street rebounds from big selloff Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:14) Trump says no collusion with Russia,... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:06) Freed U.S. whistleblower a social media star... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:11) Black man killed by white officer in Las Vegas Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:28) Bitcoin pushed aside as hackers' favorite Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:25) Car rams Times Square pedestrians, killing... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:11) Deadly Times Square driver had DWI record:... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:16) Breakingviews TV: Beltway to Brasilia Thu, May 18, 2017 - (3:15) Speeding vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:49) Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:59) White Tulsa police officer acquitted over... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:20) Migrant Crisis » Hundreds of migrants feared dead in... Mon, May 08, 2017 - (1:17) Humanitarian organisations rescue hundreds of... Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (0:50) Spanish NGO rescues more than 200 migrants off... Sat, Apr 01, 2017 - (1:00) Over 1,400 migrants rescued at sea arrive in... Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - (1:33) Nearly half of Canadians want migrants... Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - (2:42) Greeks, migrants stage rally over EU-Turkey... Sun, Mar 19, 2017 - (1:16) Lebanese restaurant offers free meals to needy Thu, Mar 09, 2017 - (0:36) Migrants ask Brits to imagine a day without... Mon, Feb 20, 2017 - (1:48) Want to learn Arabic, Korean or Swahili?... Thu, Feb 16, 2017 - (2:03) Rally against Trump's plans on Muslim... Thu, Jan 26, 2017 - (1:00) New EU anti-terror laws target Muslims,... Tue, Jan 17, 2017 - (1:13) Four migrants drown off the coast of southern... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:55) Most Popular » Car rams Times Square pedestrians, killing... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:11) Speeding vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:49) Freed U.S. whistleblower a social media star... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:11) Trump defends Comey firing, denies asking FBI... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:55) Trump thanks law enforcement for inaugural... Sun, Jan 22, 2017 - (1:12) Exclusive: Trump's campaign had 18 undisclosed... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:19) Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:59) China puts rocket launchers on reclaimed reef Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:07) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:50) Plant report reveals new discoveries, climate... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:08) Deadly Times Square driver had DWI record:... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:16) Wall Street rebounds from big selloff Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:14) Editors' Picks » Exclusive: Trump's campaign had 18 undisclosed... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:19) Freed U.S. whistleblower a social media star... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:11) China puts rocket launchers on reclaimed reef Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:07) Scientists discover coral that could beat... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (1:31) Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:59) Welcome to Texas, where the fracking boom is... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (2:47) Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn probe:... Tue, May 16, 2017 - (1:01) Endless war forces change to Middle East... Tue, May 16, 2017 - (2:09) 'Wizard of Lies' tells Madoff story as 'dark... Tue, May 16, 2017 - (0:58) Cannes boss says cinemas right to object to... Tue, May 16, 2017 - (1:53) China quietly releases tough new intelligence... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (2:06) Trump defends sharing classified intel with... Tue, May 16, 2017 - (2:11) Innovations » Plant report reveals new discoveries, climate... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:08) Scientists discover coral that could beat... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (1:31) British daredevil aims to break four records... Tue, May 16, 2017 - (2:02) Artist creates tattoos you can hear Mon, May 15, 2017 - (1:54) Kenya developers fit homes and buildings with... Mon, May 15, 2017 - (2:20) The virtual doctor will see you now Tue, May 09, 2017 - (1:51) Ostrich-like robot balances itself as it runs Mon, May 08, 2017 - (0:59) Pike to help fight algal bloom in Baltic Sea Mon, May 08, 2017 - (1:59) Moon rover debuts in 'Alien' movie Fri, May 05, 2017 - (1:31) VR to help patients suffering from balance... Thu, May 04, 2017 - (2:40) Construction of large neutrino telescope... Wed, May 03, 2017 - (1:21) Floating apple orchard grows on barge in New... Tue, May 02, 2017 - (2:02) Entertainment » Uma Thurnan dazzles on red carpet in Cannes Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:59) Julianne Moore wows Cannes with 'Wonderstruck' Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:23) Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:05) Misty peaks, verdant trees, fresh cherry pie -... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:13) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:50) Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:02) Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:59) Hollywood and French film royalty walk the... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:34) Ridley Scott immortalized in Hollywood Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:26) Pharrell Williams gives NYU commencement... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (1:23) Will Smith brings flavour of West Philadelphia... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (2:09) 'The Emoji Movie' star makes a splash at... Tue, May 16, 2017 - (1:30) Rough Cuts » Trump defends Comey firing, denies asking FBI... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:55) Trump says no collusion with Russia,... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:06) Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:05) Deadly Times Square driver had DWI record:... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:16) Pelosi says independent Russia probe still... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:00) Ryan: Mueller will not interfere with Congress... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:02) Speeding vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (0:49) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:50) Germany and Turkey spar over troops Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:21) White Tulsa police officer acquitted over... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:20) Huntington's disease sufferers head for... Thu, May 18, 2017 - (1:07) Venezuelan doctors protest against dire... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (1:35) Moving Pictures » Images of April Mon, May 01, 2017 - (1:01) Images of March Fri, Mar 31, 2017 - (1:01) Mosul train tunnel reveals assault course for... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:43) Welcome to the wall: artist Banksy opens... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:07) Images of February Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:01) Venezuela's state of misery Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (2:27) Images of January Fri, Feb 03, 2017 - (1:01) Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) One photo, one country, one year Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (5:12) Images of November Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:01) Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) Reuters Investigates » Russian elites invested in Trump buildings:... Thu, Mar 16, 2017 - (2:26) Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:33) Dateline Asia » China puts rocket launchers on reclaimed reef Thu, May 18, 2017 - (2:07) China quietly releases tough new intelligence... Wed, May 17, 2017 - (2:06) China's Xi rejects protectionism at Belt and... Mon, May 15, 2017 - (2:05) Cyber attack aftershocks disrupt devices... Mon, May 15, 2017 - (2:15) North Korea's latest missile points to ICBM... Mon, May 15, 2017 - (1:54) The bike boom causing chaos in China Fri, May 12, 2017 - (2:07) Chinese banana boom a blessing and curse in... Fri, May 12, 2017 - (1:52) China's 'Belt and Road' summit invites... Thu, May 11, 2017 - (2:01) South Korea's Moon discusses North with... Thu, May 11, 2017 - (2:09) U.S. lawmakers visit the Dalai Lama to... Wed, May 10, 2017 - (2:12) Taiwan to attend W.H.O. summit without an... Tue, May 09, 2017 - (2:07) South Korea's Moon expected to win the... Tue, May 09, 2017 - (2:25) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Cramer: Amazon might need physical stores to compete with Wal-Mart on food "They need a brick-and-mortar component perhaps to compete with Wal-Mart on food," Cramer said. Wal-Mart has picked up some customers from mainstream grocers and said its grocery business in the U.S. continued to improve last quarter. Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer: Amazon might need physical stores to compete with Wal-Mart on food    16 Hours Ago | 02:19 Online retail giant Amazon might need to invest in physical stores in order to compete with Wal-Mart's grocery business, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Thursday. "They need a brick-and-mortar component perhaps to compete with Wal-Mart on food," Cramer said on "Squawk on the Street." "Wal-Mart has such good leverage." Cramer's comment came as Wal-Mart has picked up some customers from mainstream grocers and said its grocery business in the U.S. continued to improve last quarter. Its food categories delivered the strongest quarterly comparable sales performance in more than three years. Shares of Wal-Mart were higher in early trade on Thursday after it reported better-than-expected quarterly sales, as its competitive pricing brought more shoppers into its stores and its effort to expand its online presence paid off. Amazon, which has dominated the online retail space, has grown a presence in the grocery space with different approaches, such as the AmazonFresh service. The e-commerce giant has also been experimenting with a super-convenient, line-free grocery store called Amazon Go, which features ready-to-eat meals and snacks. The rollout of the physical stores reportedly has beenhit with delays, however. Late last month, there were reports that Amazon considered a takeover of grocery company Whole Foods. But Cramer said this is unlikely to happen. —CNBC's Lauren Thomas contributed to this report. Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- AMZN --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Is Walmart Catching Up With Amazon In The Online Shopping Race? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Is Walmart Catching Up With Amazon In The Online Shopping Race? Image courtesy of Mike Mozart May 18, 2017 10:55 am EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk gathering speed walmart online shopping online sales amazon e-commerce In the world of retail, bricks-and-mortar retailers have one common enemy: Amazon. Walmart may finally be catching up with the e-commerce giant, reporting a 69% jump in online sales last quarter. Walmart announced Thursday that along with the uptick in its digital sales, the company’s total revenue went up 1.4%, beating estimates. The Arkansas-based retailer has had a bit of a love-hate relationship with online sales, but it’s been pushing hard in recent years to compete with Amazon: It tried — and then ditched — a subscription service called ShippingPass in favor of offering free two-day shipping on millions of products with a lower minimum purchase price and began offering discounts on products ordered online but picked up in-store. Last month, the company began testing in-store screens that let shoppers buy things online if they couldn’t find them while inside the big box store. Walmart has also gone on a bit of an e-commerce buying spree — snapping up Jet.com, ModCloth, MooseJaw, ShoeBuy, and possibly Bonobos. These efforts are starting to pay off, with CEO Doug McMillon telling analysts on this morning’s conference call that the company is “encouraged” with its start to the year. “In U.S. e-commerce, we like the traction and we’re working hard to make even more improvements, McMillon said, noting that Walmart.com now has 50 million first- and third-party items to choose from compared to 10 million at this time last year. He also pointed to some of Walmart’s recent e-commerce acquisitions, which have helped further improve the assortment of items available online. “The acquisitions have received a lot of attention, but our plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success,” McMillon said. Though those acquisitions are helping Walmrat speed some things up, “the majority of our growth is, and will be, organic.” “We’re making progress in providing the seamless shopping experience our customer’s desire and we will keep moving along this journey,” he said. May 18, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk gathering speed walmart online shopping online sales amazon e-commerce Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related creating a retail rival 6 Things We Learned About Walmart’s Love-Hate Relationship With Online Sales focusing online Walmart Shuffles Staff To Take Online Sales Seriously… For Real This Time rival deal days Walmart Crashes Amazon’s Deal-Filled Birthday Party, Announces Its Own Mega Online Sale changing pace Walmart Slowing Store Openings, Accelerating Distribution Centers how low can you go? Amazon Vs. Walmart Battle Means Lower Prices For You; Headaches For Manufacturers Previous Ad Watchdog: These ‘100% Compostable’ Coffee Pods Don’t Go In Your Backyard Compost Pile Next Walmart Customer Tackles, Frees Deer From Pet Food Aisle Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Walmart Customer Tackles, Frees Deer From Pet Food Aisle Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV London Search X News Video Weather Sports More Links MyNews Connect Local Sections CTV News at 6 CTV News at 11 Latest News Features Health Weather Sports Throwback Thursday London and Area Works Paparella's People LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Info Links Local Contests Lotto Results Poll Results Footage Requests Features Photo Galleries Health Works FieldstoForks People Special Series Community Community Calendar Smoke Signals Sections About Us Contact Us Social Media Facebook Twitter CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured false Kathleen Wynne to announce high-speed rail project from Toronto to Windsor Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Lambton gas plant will sit idle because its hydro is not needed Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Woman devastated after her pets were stolen during a break-in Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Old North resident putting up Canadian flags on hydro poles following controversy Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Preview of third annual Ride Don’t Hide fundraiser for CMHA Air Date: May 18, 2017 false More people under 35 are getting into agriculture Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Woman to file complaint following complications to hernia mesh operation Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Police Hero Awards honour officers from Sudbury, Windsor and London Air Date: May 18, 2017 false New addiction services to be offered at Centre of Hope Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Fatal crash north of London under investigation Air Date: May 17, 2017 false Witness to the fatal stabbing of Shane Sturgess take the stand at the Frederick Oag trial Air Date: May 17, 2017 false St. Marys going back to using Stratford police vs OPP because of cost Air Date: May 17, 2017 false New recommendations over what to do with the Talbot Street rail overpass Air Date: May 17, 2017 false Londoner captures tornado on video near McLean TX Air Date: May 17, 2017 false St. Thomas’ Zach Medeiros brings Grey Cup to his alma mater Air Date: May 17, 2017 false A Chatham funeral home which is helping to lift spirits by serving spirits Air Date: May 17, 2017 false Province announces changes to Ontario Municipal Board Air Date: May 17, 2017 false Reaction to Monday’s historic BRT vote by council Air Date: May 16, 2017 false Legion members elect organization’s first-ever female president Air Date: May 16, 2017 false St. Thomas council approves $186K train monument at Hwy 4 entrance to city Air Date: May 16, 2017 false Goderich’s Marine Museum is closing for good Air Date: May 16, 2017 false Councillors debate proposed changes to BRT plan Air Date: May 16, 2017 false Emotional testimony from friend of stabbing victim at Frederick Oag manslaughter trial Air Date: May 15, 2017 false Feature film of infamous Black Donnellys family being shot outside of London Air Date: May 15, 2017 false Woodstock Food Bank program improving the experience of those in need Air Date: May 15, 2017 false Wild turkey has become fixture of west London neighbourhood Air Date: May 15, 2017 false Hundreds turn out for annual run for ovarian cancer research Air Date: May 16, 2017 false Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame is growing but not as big as it wanted Air Date: May 15, 2017 false OPP investigating fatal plane crash near Plattsville Air Date: May 14, 2017 false Dutch royalty visit Stratford with a ceremony at the Wounded Bird statue Air Date: May 14, 2017 false Remarkable story of retired Master Corporal who is keynote speaker at Legion Convention Air Date: May 14, 2017 false Scouts converge on Dorchester for annual camporee Air Date: May 15, 2017 false Central Lions Club hosts annual fundraiser for Ivey Eye Institute Air Date: May 14, 2017 false Hundreds participate in London’s Walk For Alzheimer’s Air Date: May 13, 2017 false City staff no longer recommend the Richmond tunnel for BRT Air Date: May 12, 2017 false Reaction to city staff's change in direction on BRT Air Date: May 12, 2017 Wal-Mart's online sales surge, top 1Q expectations FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:05AM EDT BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Wal-Mart delivered first-quarter results that show it's winning over shoppers at stores and online, even as the competition intensifies. The world's largest retailer said that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a rare bright spot in a largely gloomy retail environment in which retailers like Macy's and Target saw declines in comparable sales. Online sales at Walmart.com surged 63 per cent, a dramatic increase from the 29 per cent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the digital sales growth was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart, like other traditional retailers, has played catch-up to Amazon and other internet companies. It has retooled how it operates online and accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators and appeal to younger shoppers. Wal-Mart also raised its stake in JD.com, China's No. 2 e-commerce site. Under Lore, the company is still looking for startups to buy. Since he joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Wal-Mart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favour of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup -- cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Wal-Mart is also launching an incubator lab focused on projects in robotics, virtual and augmented reality, and artificial intelligence. The so-called Store No. 8 will be located in Silicon Valley. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. The company has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 per cent, at the top end of the company's estimated range of 1 per cent to 1.5 per cent. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 per cent. The company reported fiscal first-quarter earnings of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, the Bentonville, Arkansas, company had a profit of $1. The results surpassed Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. Wal-Mart expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose more than 2 per cent, or $1.71 to $76. 83 in late morning trading Thursday. MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false CTV London: Dog gone Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV News at Six London for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV News at 11 London for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV London: High-speed rail Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV London: Flag flap Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV London: Pain in the gas Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV London: Lights, camera, action! Air Date: May 15, 2017 false CTV London: Ride Don’t Hide Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV London: Hernia hell Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV London: Truck terrorizer Air Date: May 17, 2017 false CTV London: Fields to Forks Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV London: New services at Centre of Hope Air Date: May 18, 2017 More stories from London Wynne to make high-speed rail announcement Friday in London Vehicle slams into Times Square crowd, 1 dead Buildings at Western University evacuated Lauded rocker Chris Cornell dies at 52 Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur London Weather Change city N/A °CN/A More London and area weather Advertisement CTV News Video Network false 'Single greatest witch hunt in American history': Trump false U.S. starts the 90 day clock on free trade negotiations false Trail of destruction in NYC leaves one dead, many injured false Alberta’s Wildrose and PC parties signal intent to unite CTV National News for May 18: Trump slams investigation Advertisement Most Popular Stories 1 Wynne to make high-speed rail announcement Friday in London 2 Buildings at Western University evacuated 3 Victim identified in horrific crash just north of London 4 London spray pads set to open for the 2017 season 5 Hanover police investigating pharmacy robbery 6 London man allegedly scams Canada Post out of $200K 7 February now coldest month on record in London 8 Wal-Mart's online sales surge, top 1Q expectations 9 Lambton OPP investigating workplace fatality 10 Ontario nuclear emergency plan inadequate, environmental groups say Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Monument Watch: City details timeline for Lee removal TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS NFL Draft 2017 LSU Sports Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries 2017-05-19T04:19:10Z2017-05-19T04:19:10Z (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File). FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive resu... By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer TOKYO (AP) - Asian stocks were mostly lower Friday as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian coordination with President Donald Trump's campaign. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 0.2 percent to 19,510.96 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged down nearly 0.5 percent to 5,711.10. South Korea's Kospi was little changed at 2,287.30. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 25,131.74. The Shanghai Composite slipped nearly 0.1 percent to 3,087.38. BRAZIL FACTOR: Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. U.S. FACTOR: U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. THE QUOTE: "Given the heightened level of uncertainty, I suspect traders will remain in a kind of Investor Purgatory where risk aversion dominates and fear mounts that the investigation could open up a whole new can of worms which will do little more than compound the markets current panic syndrome," said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures added 32 cents to $49.67 a barrel. It rose 28 cents to $49.35 a barrel in New York Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 40 cents to $52.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1112 from $1.1153 late Thursday in Asia. The dollar strengthened slightly to 111.20 yen from 111.17 yen. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Official: Boy found dead in car that was stolen, 3 arrests Official: Boy found dead in car that was stolen, 3 arrests Posted: Friday, May 19 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:59:15 GMT Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:59:15 GMT Prosecutor: 3 young Mississippi men arrested hours after 6-year-old boy found shot dead in car stolen while his mother went into a supermarket.More >> Prosecutor: 3 young Mississippi men arrested hours after 6-year-old boy found shot dead in car stolen while his mother went into a supermarket.More >> Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena Posted: Friday, May 19 2017 2:47 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:47:42 GMT Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:47 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:47:42 GMT Ousted Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will not honor a subpoena issued by a Senate committee looking into Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election.More >> Ousted Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will not honor a subpoena issued by a Senate committee looking into Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election.More >> Chaffetz to resign, raising doubts about Trump probe Chaffetz to resign, raising doubts about Trump probe Posted: Friday, May 19 2017 2:47 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:47:40 GMT Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:47 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:47:40 GMT Rep. Jason Chaffetz said Thursday he will resign from Congress next month. (Source: POOL/CNN) A top Utah state lawmaker says that U.S. Rep. Jason Chaffetz is expected to leave office by the end of June. More >> A top Utah state lawmaker says that U.S. Rep. Jason Chaffetz is expected to leave office by the end of June.More >> Basquiat painting fetches record $110.5M at New York auction Basquiat painting fetches record $110.5M at New York auction Posted: Friday, May 19 2017 2:46 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:46:36 GMT Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:46 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:46:36 GMT A 1982 artwork by Jean-Michel Basquiat sold for a record $110.5 million at Sotheby's auction of contemporary art Thursday night.. (Source: Sotheby's via AP) An artwork by Jean-Michel Basquiat (zhahn mee-SHEHL' BAH'-skee-aht) sold for a record $110.5 million at auction in New York. More >> An artwork by Jean-Michel Basquiat (zhahn mee-SHEHL' BAH'-skee-aht) sold for a record $110.5 million at auction in New York.More >> 9 years after recession began, some states still unrecovered 9 years after recession began, some states still unrecovered Posted: Friday, May 19 2017 2:44 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:44:48 GMT Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:44 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:44:48 GMT Even as the nation has left behind the job-market trauma of 2008 and 2009, some states have been slow to recover.More >> Even as the nation has left behind the job-market trauma of 2008 and 2009, some states have been slow to recover.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Car plows into Times Square crowd; 1 dead, about 20 hurt Car plows into Times Square crowd; 1 dead, about 20 hurt A law enforcement official says a car that plowed into a crowd of pedestrians in Times Square killed one person and injured about 20 othersMore >> A law enforcement official says a car that plowed into a crowd of pedestrians in Times Square killed one person and injured about 20 othersMore >> Roger Ailes, media guru and political strategist, dies at 77 Roger Ailes, media guru and political strategist, dies at 77 Fox News Channel founder Roger Ailes has died at 77, his wife said.More >> Fox News Channel founder Roger Ailes has died at 77, his wife said.More >> Russian president Vladimir Putin speaks out concerning classified info leak Russian president Vladimir Putin speaks out concerning classified info leak Russian president Vladimir Putin weighs in on the current state of U.S. politics surrounding the allegations of President Trump leaking classified information to Russian officials.More >> Russian president Vladimir Putin weighs in on the current state of U.S. politics surrounding the allegations of President Trump leaking classified information to Russian officials.More >> Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles; Dems demand deep probe Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles; Dems demand deep probe President Trump complained Wednesday that "no politician in history" has been treated worse. Democrats demanded an independent commission to dig into his firing of FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautioned against "rushing to judgment."More >> President Trump complained Wednesday that "no politician in history" has been treated worse. Democrats demanded an independent commission to dig into his firing of FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautioned against "rushing to judgment."More >> No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >> President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >> Bon Jovi surprises grads, guests with commencement show Bon Jovi surprises grads, guests with commencement show Bon Jovi entertains Fairleigh Dickinson grads, guests with surprise commencement performanceMore >> Bon Jovi entertains Fairleigh Dickinson grads, guests with surprise commencement performanceMore >> Trump talk with Russians 'wholly appropriate,' adviser says Trump talk with Russians 'wholly appropriate,' adviser says President Donald Trump's national security adviser said Tuesday that Trump's disclosures to Russian officials about activities by the Islamic State group were "wholly appropriate" and amounted to a routine sharing of information.More >> President Donald Trump's national security adviser said Tuesday that Trump's disclosures to Russian officials about activities by the Islamic State group were "wholly appropriate" and amounted to a routine sharing of information.More >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries     By Yuri Kageyama, The Associated Press May 18, 2017 9:47 PM     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) TOKYO — Asian stocks were mostly lower Friday as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian co-ordination with President Donald Trump's campaign. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 0.2 per cent to 19,510.96 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged down nearly 0.5 per cent to 5,711.10. South Korea's Kospi was little changed at 2,287.30. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 25,131.74. The Shanghai Composite slipped nearly 0.1 per cent to 3,087.38. BRAZIL FACTOR: Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. U.S. FACTOR: U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 6,055.13. THE QUOTE: "Given the heightened level of uncertainty, I suspect traders will remain in a kind of Investor Purgatory where risk aversion dominates and fear mounts that the investigation could open up a whole new can of worms which will do little more than compound the markets current panic syndrome," said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures added 32 cents to $49.67 a barrel. It rose 28 cents to $49.35 a barrel in New York Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 40 cents to $52.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1112 from $1.1153 late Thursday in Asia. The dollar strengthened slightly to 111.20 yen from 111.17 yen. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Cisco Systems Inc. Wal-Mart Stores Inc.         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Shopify Prices US$500,500,000 Offering of Class A Subordinate Voting Shares Agellan Commercial Real Estate Investment Trust Announces the Acquisition of Eight Industrial Properties in Chicago, Illinois and May 2017 Distribution Dominion Diamond Provides Exploration Update and Announces Maiden Resource at Leslie Pipe at Ekati           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Jim Cramer: Walmart Knows Amazon's Achilles' Heel Is Fresh Food Scott Gamm Jim Cramer May 18, 2017 11:05 AM EDT TheStreet's Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer said Walmart (WMT) knows that Amazon's (AMZN)  Achilles' heel is fresh food.  "It's now Walmart vs. Amazon," Cramer said. "Walmart has figured out what to do."  Watch more of Jim Cramer's latest videos: Jim Cramer: The 10-Year Treasury Yield Is in Charge Jim Cramer: Cisco Needs to Make an Acquisition With Its $68B in Cash Jim Cramer: In the End, I Like Alibaba Because of Its Revenue Growth Jim Cramer: Foot Locker Could Be Like Children's Place If you liked this article you might like Amazon Should Be Terrified by What Walmart Is Quietly Testing in China If it can bring this to the U.S., there may be no stopping the discount king. Lindsay Rittenhouse May 18, 2017 11:30 PM EDT A Staggering 225,000 People Will Graduate from Walmart University This Year Walmart is aiming to be more than a place that offers just minimum-wage jobs. Lindsay Rittenhouse May 18, 2017 11:00 PM EDT Here's the Big Secret on How Walmart Just Shocked Everyone With Its Online Sales It's really pretty simple. Brian Sozzi May 18, 2017 10:00 PM EDT Walmart Has Done Something for More Than Two Years That Other Retailers Would Die to Do Walmart continues to outperform its closest rival. Brian Sozzi May 18, 2017 8:30 PM EDT Trending Executives, Lawmakers Agree Tax Reform Needed, Split on Details FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal European Stocks Set to Open Higher as Global Markets Regain Poise Tesla's Expensive Electric Cars Are Hilariously Left Off This Top 10 List As Qualcomm and Apple Battle, Don't Overlook Nokia's Patent Dispute Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Asda suffers 11th successive quarter of falling sales but hails 'progress' The chain, owned by Walmart, reported a 2.8 per cent fall in like-for-likes sales in its first quarter Ravender Sembhy Thursday 18 May 2017 16:42 BST Click to follow The Independent Online In a trading update, parent company Walmart said it is confident that Asda is “on the right track” Google Maps Asda has posted another fall in quarterly sales, but the supermarket's US owner has insisted that the company is “on the right track”. The chain, owned by Walmart, reported a 2.8 per cent fall in like-for-likes sales in its first quarter. The figure represents an 11th consecutive quarter of sales declines but marks a slight improvement on the previous period, which saw Asda sales fall 2.9 per cent. Read more Asda fined £300,000 for dead mice, rotting food and flies at depot ​Asda chief executive Sean Clarke said: “We're pleased that the momentum of the fourth quarter has continued into the new year with a third consecutive quarter of improvement. “We're delivering more consistently for our customers, particularly in fresh food, service and availability - both in stores and online. “Participation in our award-winning own brand ranges has increased as we focus on increasing its value and quality and make sure we are offering the right ranges for our customers. “Despite this progress we are in no way complacent and there is still much for us to do.” Mr Clarke, who took up the reins last summer after being parachuted in to replace previous boss Andy Clarke, has slashed the prices of everyday items as he attempts to arrest falling sales. Last August Asda posted its worst ever sales fall of 7.5 per cent. Read more Woman complains to Asda over 'boys will be boys' jumper Farmers accuse Asda of misleading customers over 'Farm Stores' range Poundland to expand low-cost fashion brand to compete with Asda Asda, Sainsbury's and Tesco are escalating their petrol price war In response, it announced in September it was lowering thousands of prices on everyday favourites by an average of 15 per cent, with items such as beef, chicken and sausages all becoming cheaper. The move, part of a new value campaign dubbed That's Better, has also seen Asda improve the quality of its own-brand ranges. The turnaround comes as Asda fights back, having lost out recently in a brutal price war that has engulfed the sector. In a trading update, Walmart said it is confident that Asda is “on the right track”. Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon said: “We've made some progress in the UK and the team is executing their plan. Business picture of the day 29 show all Business picture of the day 1/29 Property tycoon who banned 'coloured people because of curry smells' faces legal action - Thursday 18 May A buy-to-let tycoon who banned “coloured people” from his properties “because of curry smells” is facing legal action brought by the equality watchdog. Millionaire Fergus Wilson, who reportedly owns close to 1,000 properties in Kent, sent an email to a local letting agency informing them of the ban. Commission chief executive, Rebecca Hilsenrath, said: “We have asked the court if it agrees with us that Mr Wilson’s lettings policy contains unlawful criteria and, if so, to issue an injunction. “As this is now formal legal action we will release further information at a later date.” Gareth Fuller/PA 2/29 Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar - Wednesday 17 May KitKat-maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK Court of Appeal ruled that the consumer goods giant cannot trademark the shape of its popular four-fingered chocolate bar. The ruling is the latest in a long running legal battle between the Swiss-based company and its rival Cadbury. Nestlé argues that the KitKat’s shape is “iconic” and should be protected by law but Cadbury objects. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of Cadbury, dismissing the claim. iStock 3/29 Yorkshire is the best region in the UK for workplace happiness - Tuesday 16 May The best region in Britain for workplace happiness and satisfaction is Yorkshire and the Humber, according to new research. London only managed to make it to number five for happiness and came bottom for work satisfaction, according to research commissioned by recruitment agency Robert Half. The findings may give pause for thought to many workers in the capital putting up with sky-high property prices in the hope of landing their dream job. 4/29 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 5/29 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 6/29 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 7/29 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 8/29 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 9/29 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 10/29 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 11/29 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 12/29 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 13/29 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 14/29 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 15/29 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 16/29 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 17/29 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 18/29 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 19/29 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 20/29 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 21/29 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 22/29 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 23/29 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 24/29 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 25/29 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 26/29 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 27/29 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 28/29 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 29/29 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty “We are navigating our way back to a position of strength in that highly competitive market. When normalising comp sales for the later Easter and Leap Day, we continued to see sequential improvement in the business, including customer traffic and ticket.” Figures out this month from Kantar showed that Asda's market share fell to 15.6 per cent from 16 per cent in the 12 weeks to 23 April. However, Kantar also said that Asda's sales rose 0.8%, its first year-on-year sales increase since October 2014. All of the so-called Big Four supermarkets, Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's and Morrisons, have suffered as German discounters Aldi and Lidl have gobbled up market share. PA More about: Asda Supermarkets Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
May 19, 2017 About Us Contact Us Marketplace Classifieds Events Find Print Editon PDF Search Columnists NEWS GOLDEN RAINBOW TIMES THINK LOCALLY A&E SPECIAL SECTIONS EDITORIAL Massachusetts New England National International Photo Gallery HOME / NEWS: Cote and Walmart Announce Settlement Cote and Walmart Announce Settlement BY GLAD | MAY 18, 2017 Over Health Insurance Benefits for Same-Sex Spouses of Walmart Associates A federal judge on Monday approved the $ 7.5 million class action settlement between Walmart and former Walmart associate Jacqueline Cote, that challenged Walmart’s lack of health insurance benefits for same-sex spouses of Walmart associates prior to 2014. The case is known as Jacqueline Cote v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc, No. 15-cv-12945-WGY (D. Mass).  The settlement will pay for claims by Walmart associates in the United States and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from Walmart from Jan. 1, 2011 to Dec. 31, 2013. It also covers the costs of administering the settlement and legal fees and expenses. In 2014, Walmart voluntarily made the same health insurance benefits available to same-sex spouses of its associates that it offered to opposite-sex spouses. As part of the proposed settlement, Walmart commits to continuing to do so in the future. The settlement class is expected to include no more than a few thousand current and former Walmart associates. Walmart employs nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Sally Welborn, Senior Vice President, Global Benefits for Walmart, said, “We’re happy both sides could come together to reach a resolution. Respect for the individual, diversity and inclusion are among the core values that made Walmart into the company that it is today. We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan.” Cote said, “I’m pleased that Walmart was willing to resolve this issue for me and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. It’s a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close.” Cote is represented by GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), Outten & Golden LLP, the Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (WLC), and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP. Janson Wu, GLAD’s Executive Director, said, “This is an important settlement for LGBTQ workers.” Juno Turner, a Partner at Outten & Golden LLP, said, “We are pleased that class members had the opportunity to receive compensation.” Peter Romer-Friedman, a Counsel at Outten & Golden LLP, said, “We are glad that as part of the settlement Walmart will continue to provide the same health insurance benefits regardless of the gender of the associate’s spouse.” Jonathan Smith, the WLC’s Executive Director, said, “We believe the settlement is fair and reasonable and are pleased that the Court approved it today. We are pleased to have worked with our colleagues at GLAD, Outten & Golden, and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer to achieve this settlement.” Pay as you go:  Our web site is free, and we want to keep it that way. Bay Windows turns 31 this year. Will you pledge your support for the upcoming year by contributing funds? Your contribution will help us keep the website and paper free and improve our coverage. Please, if you are able, we welcome your support. Please note - your contribution is not tax deductible. Pay what you can Option 1 $1.00 USD Option 2 $2.00 USD Option 3 $3.00 USD Option 4 $4.00 USD Option 5 $5.00 USD Option 6 $10.00 USD Option 7 $15.00 USD Option 8 $20.00 USD Option 9 $25.00 USD 0 comments Add yours POPULAR GLAD welcomes new board members Governor Patrick celebrates administrations commitment to LGBT youth My very gay straight cruise Federal Court hears persecution case against Scott Lively Wedding annoucement: Benjamin Perkins and David Brown Gay marriage spotlight on RI COLUMNISTS Mombian Queer parents often wonder what... Life in the Slow Lane It was 2:30 am on... Political Buzz The path to the presidency Holding the Center I hate to rain on... RELATED ARTICLES MORE IN NEWS     MORMON CHURCH SEVERS SOME OF ITS TIES TO THE BOY SCOUTS. VOLUNTEERS NEEDED SCHOLARSHIPS WILL HONOR PULSE VICTIM CORY CONNELL TWO OUTS: GAY BOSTON SPORTSWRITERS LAUNCH NEW PODCAST ACTIVISTS PROTESTING TORTURE OF GAY MEN IN CHECHNYA DETAINED RULING: REFUSAL TO PRINT GAY PRIDE SHIRTS NOT DISCRIMINATION AMID LAWSUIT, SCHOOL OKS SAME-SEX PROM DATES, STUDENT CLUB PULSE ORLANDO SURVIVOR CONFIRMED AS NORTH SHORE PRIDES GRAND MARSHAL NLGJA SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATIONS OPEN THROUGH MAY 31 BOSTON PRIDE CALENDAR RSS Advertise with Us Contact Us Masthead  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) Dow 30 20,663.02 +56.09 (+0.27%) Nasdaq 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) German Newcomer Lidl Threatens Walmart in Discount Grocery Wars Phil Wahba Fortune May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share German Newcomer Lidl Threatens Walmart in Discount Grocery WarsMore Here come more German grocers. Lidl, a Teutonic discount supermarket chain, is set to open its first U.S. stores next month, in a move that could jeopardize Walmart’s hard fought share gains in the lower-priced grocery wars. The retailer announced on Wednesday its first 20 U.S. stores would open June 15 in the Carolinas and Virginia, with another 80 slated within a year. Lidl, pronounced “Leedle,” will go head to head with another German discounter, Aldi, and other grocers using its well-honed strategy of operating no-frills, small stores of about 20,000 square-feet and a heavy emphasis on store brands it says are on par with national brands. Some 90% of merchandise will be its own products, a tactic that offers higher margins and more control over inventory and offer low prices. At a media event earlier in the week in New York, Lidl sought to burnish its image as a purveyor of quality products despite the lower prices and tap what it considers an underserved markets. Among the products it displayed were certified fresh and frozen seafood, wines, Italian cheeses, and baked goods. “This is the right time for us to enter the United States,” Brendan Proctor, Lidl U.S. CEO, told reporters. Lidl, which is well established in Europe with about 10,000 stores, could grow to have a $8.8 billion in sales by 2023 with 630 stores, according to a 2016 forecast by Kantar Retail. And rivals are taking notice. The move represents a new challenge to traditional grocers like and , which last year rolled out vastly improved fresh food sections at thousands of stores. Though Lidl is unlikely to be a place where shoppers do their full week’s grocery, its lower prices could hurt the likes of Walmart or for so called “fill-in” trips, when people go to pick up a few items. And Lidl’s arrival comes at a time when is expanding its 365 chain of lower-price grocery stores. Walmart has long felt pressure from Aldi, which first came to the U.S. in 1976 and now has 1,600 U.S. stores, including many it is upgrading as part of a $1.6 billion program. But it is clear Lidl means business. Reuters recently reported that Walmart is running price tests in 11 U.S. states, pushing suppliers to beat rivals’ prices by 15% percent, while Aldi is gunning for prices 21% below competitors in the U.S. While it’s unclear how much of the market Lidl will be able to grab, its arrival comes at a time most grocers are dealing with lower food prices and decreasing sales, even at long time winners like Kroger and . The food fight among grocers is only getting started. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com How to Eat Healthier According to Whole Foods' CEO Amazon Has Something New In Store For Grocery Shoppers Soon, You'll Be Able to Get Costco Groceries Delivered At Home Whole Foods Eyes Millennials With Meal Delivery Test Tesco Grows Its Market Share For the First Time in 5 Years Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Mississippi teens face charges over kidnapped boy found dead Reuters Lidl USA Invasion Begins With 20 Stores, Will Trigger Price Competition Forbes Germany's Lidl to price groceries up to 50 percent below U.S. rivals Reuters Cramer: How Wal-Mart is giving Amazon a run for its money CNBC.com Putting the Trump train back on the tracks Yahoo Finance Former CIA Director John Brennan sticks up for Trump Yahoo Finance Chinese fighter jets reportedly fly upside down, right above a US Air Force plane Business Insider Fox Sports' Kristine Leahy says networks should stop putting LaVar Ball on air 'just to get controversial statements' Business Insider Here are the top trending topics day 2 of SALT Yahoo Finance Video Jim Chanos is shorting 2 drug stocks with a 'murky alliance' Yahoo Finance The Yale dean whose brutal Yelp reviews called service people 'morons' and restaurant patrons 'white trash' has been placed on leave Business Insider Bill Ackman has a plan to save Trump's presidency Yahoo Finance The one bank that was criminally prosecuted for the financial crisis — and what its trial says about justice in the U.S. Yahoo Finance The Pogue Review: Amazon's Alexa calling Yahoo Finance Video A rolling update from the SALT Conference, Day 2 Yahoo Finance Elon Musk just admitted that Tesla's stock is out of control Business Insider ICE arrests of undocumented immigrants without criminal records up more than 150 percent, U.S. officials say The Captain: I think you forgot to use the term "illegal aliens". That's OK. Herd um up and move um out-rawhide! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3k
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments60+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Walmart’s online shopping strategy is starting to pay off The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack By Sarah Halzack May 18 at 10:43 AM Follow @sarahhalzack A Walmart store Alexandria, Va. (Michael Reynolds/European Pressphoto Agency) Walmart has recently put its foot on the gas in its bid to catch up to Amazon.com in the e-commerce world, most notably by acquiring a collection of smaller shopping sites and rolling out splashy offers such as free two-day shipping on many purchases. Now there are signs that it is paying off: Walmart on Thursday reported a robust 63 percent surge in online sales in the most recent quarter. Importantly, the company said that the majority of the increase came from sales growth at Walmart.com, suggesting fresh momentum at its flagship digital business. “The acquisitions have received a lot of attention, but our plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success,” Doug McMillon, Walmart’s chief executive, said in remarks to investors. To be sure, online shopping still comprises a tiny slice of Walmart’s business, and it remains to be seen whether this strong growth is sustainable. But it is an encouraging sign for a company that has spent billions of dollars to trying to step up its game in this arena. Marc Lore, the head of the retailer’s online business, said that a key driver of the growth was its move to offer free two-day shipping on millions of items without a membership fee. That model was meant to offer Amazon Prime-like speed without having to pay a membership fee. Walmart said it also helped that it has expanded its assortment online to 50 million items, a fivefold increase from this time last year. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) The company has been trying several new tactics to lure more online shoppers, including offering a discount on certain e-commerce purchases if shoppers pick them up at a store instead of having them delivered to their homes. Meanwhile, Walmart’s broader U.S. business looked healthy in the quarter. The company reported an increase of 1.4 percent in comparable sales, a measure of its sales online and at stores open more than a year. That marked its 11th consecutive quarter of growth on this measure. That consistent run of growth stands in contrast to what has been seen lately in the wider retail industry. Target recently reported its fourth straight quarter of declining comparable sales. Department stores such as Macy’s, J.C. Penney and Kohl’s saw their sales slide in the latest quarter. Things are looking grim at several specialty apparel retailers: Ralph Lauren said Thursday that it recorded a 16 percent drop in quarterly sales. Ascena Retail Group, the parent company of Ann Taylor, Loft and other clothing chains, saw its stock nose-dive 38 percent on Thursday after it lowered its forecasts for the year, citing “unprecedented secular change” in its category of retailing. “Given the current retail landscape, with many retailers experiencing challenges across multiple categories, we believe Walmart will continue to turn up the competitive heat by utilizing its scale and technological advantages to extract increased market share,” Charlie O’Shea, a retail analyst at Moody’s, said in a research note. Investors sent Walmart’s stock up about 2 percent in morning trading. The company’s revenue rose to $117.5 billion, or $118.8 billion, if you adjust for currency fluctuations. Earnings per share were $1. Read more: Target wants shoppers to notice its prices Breaking down this week’s signs of retails big reckoning business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 60+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack 61 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Thanks to global warming, Antarctica is beginning to turn green 2 FCC votes to start rolling back landmark net neutrality rules 3 States get involved in lawsuit to shield Obamacare, saying Trump can’t be trusted 4 EPA to set aside $12 million for buyouts in coming months 5 U.S. could get first paid family leave benefit under Trump budget proposal The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.27% NASDAQ 0.73% Get quote Last Update: 05/19/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 78° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms developing late. Tonight Cloudy this evening. Scattered thunderstorms developing after midnight. Low 68F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: May 18, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press This July 9, 2015 photo shows a Wall Street sign near the New York Stock Exchange in New York. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig) The Associated Press This Monday, July 6, 2015, file photo shows a sign for Wall Street carved into the side of a building in New York.   (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Wall Street rebounds after steepest selloff in months Reuters 7 hrs ago (…) +1  This Monday, July 6, 2015, file photo shows a sign for Wall Street carved into the side of a building in New York.   (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) The Associated Press The Associated Press This July 9, 2015 photo shows a Wall Street sign near the New York Stock Exchange in New York. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig) Updated at 4 p.m. NEW YORK • Wall Street rebounded on Thursday from its biggest selloff in more than eight months with help from a move to loosen internet regulations and strong economic data. Investors were still watching Washington closely after reports the President tried to interfere with an investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's ties with Russia. "We could be just shaking off the jitters here. Yesterday, investors were really worried," said Janna Sampson, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Ill. Investors were likely relieved, she said, by last night's appointment of former FBI chief Robert Mueller to investigate alleged Russian interference in the election and possible collusion between Trump's campaign and Moscow. "Whatever the (investigation) result, people feel they might have confidence it's an accurate, unbiased result," she said. The Dow Jones industrial sverage rose 56.09 points, or 0.27 percent, to 20,663.02, the S&P 500 gained 8.69 points, or 0.37 percent, to 2,365.72 and the Nasdaq Composite added 43.89 points, or 0.73 percent, to 6,055.13. Investors are monitoring events that could help or hurt Trump's ability to implement proposals such as tax reform and deregulation. At least some of the stock market's post-election rally has been thanks to those proposals. The telecommunications services sector was the S&P's biggest percentage gainer with a 1.2-percent rise after the Federal Communications Commission voted to advance a Republican plan to reverse a 2015 "net neutrality" order. "The fact you saw the party in charge have an impact on something might have led people to think, maybe they can get something done," said Sampson. Earlier in the day the Philadelphia Federal Reserve said business activity index rose in May after declining for two months. Weekly unemployment data also pointed to strength in the labor market. Indexes briefly pared gains earlier in the day after a speeding car crashed into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one and injuring 22 people. The incident did not appear to be an act of terrorism, witnesses, police and news media said. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid The S&P 500's technology sector, one of the worst hit on Wednesday, rebounded 0.6 percent. Cisco fell 7.2 percent after the networking gear maker forecast current-quarter revenue below analysts' estimates. Wal-Mart rose 3.2 percent at $77.54 after its quarterly earnings beat analysts' expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.03-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 15 new 52-week highs and 15 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 47 new highs and 97 new lows. About 8.16 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.99 billion average for the last 20 trading sessions. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. +1  This Monday, July 6, 2015, file photo shows a sign for Wall Street carved into the side of a building in New York.   (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) The Associated Press Tags Business General News Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Japanese Yen Currency Markets Financial Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets S&p 500 Finance Politics Stock Exchange Nasdaq Commerce Economics View (…) comments Most popular In America's largest oilfield, whir of activity confounds OPEC Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Schnucks comes up with new policy on solicitors after its boycott by Teamsters Anheuser-Busch InBev to invest $20 million in St. Louis-area operations The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears and Kmart Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Mercy Hospital and clinics to pay $34 million settlement EPA says tests show no Manhattan Project radioactive waste in Bridgeton homes A sugar-high prize for some lucky cereal fans St. Peters reconsiders a proposed Holiday Inn Express narrowly defeated in February MiTek plans new Hazelwood facility, could add 200 jobs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your daily dose of community. Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Watch out Amazon. Walmart is coming for you - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Watch out Amazon. Walmart is coming for you Posted: Thursday, May 18, 2017 10:36 AM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 18, 2017 12:07 PM EDT Walmart's online sales grew at a faster pace in the fourth quarter than Amazon's. Walmart reported on February 21st, 2017 its latest results: Earnings topped forecasts, while overall sales missed estimates slightly. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The latest earnings and forecasts from most big American retailers could be summed up with a variety of negative adjectives. Underwhelming. Dismal. Bleak. Then there's Walmart. The Arkansas-based home of the yellow smiley face reported profits that topped forecasts and an increase in same-store sales (which measures how well stores open at least a year are doing) that was also better than expected. But the biggest story out of Walmart's results is just how strong the company's e-commerce division is doing. Digital sales in the US were up a whopping 63% from a year ago. Walmart has acquired several online retail startups in the past year, including the unicorn Jet.com and specialty retailers Moosejaw, ModCloth and ShoeBuy. Meanwhile, competitors like Target and department stores Macy's, Kohl's, JCPenney and Sears are still trying to figure out how to stop the bleeding in their physical locations and build a decent digital offering. But Walmart is thriving -- and it's gunning for Amazon. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Walmart CEO Doug McMillon in a recorded call for investors. Walmart has recognized that it must become a bigger player online and on people's phones if it is going to be able to compete effectively against e-commerce king Amazon. Walmart's overall sales growth is a bit sluggish, rising just 1.4% from a year ago. Walmart isn't abandoning its brick-and-mortar stores obviously. But the company is heavily promoting the fact that it offers consumers more convenience and options. "We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping easier and more enjoyable for customers," McMillon said. Even Amazon realizes that a mix of bricks and clicks is a good strategy -- especially in more densely populated, urban areas and college towns. Amazon has started to open more physical stores in big cities and on university campuses. Walmart is also looking to boost its international presence, especially in China. The company has recently partnered with and invested in two top online retailers in China, Alibaba rival JD.com and grocer New Dada, in order to boost its sales in that key market. Alibaba reported earnings on Thursday too, but profits missed forecasts and the stock fell 4% as a result. But investors clearly liked what they heard from Walmart. Shares of Walmart rose 2% in early trading Thursday on the news, adding to the stock's already impressive year-to-date rally. Walmart is up 11% so far in 2017 while the S&P Retail ETF, which includes many struggling chains, is down 7%. Walmart is still trailing Amazon on Wall Street though. Shares of Amazon have soared more than 25% this year. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries By Associated Press Published: 10:29 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 22:35 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail TOKYO (AP) - Asian stocks were mostly lower Friday as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian coordination with President Donald Trump's campaign. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 0.2 percent to 19,510.96 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged down nearly 0.5 percent to 5,711.10. South Korea's Kospi was little changed at 2,287.30. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 25,131.74. The Shanghai Composite slipped nearly 0.1 percent to 3,087.38. BRAZIL FACTOR: Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) U.S. FACTOR: U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. THE QUOTE: "Given the heightened level of uncertainty, I suspect traders will remain in a kind of Investor Purgatory where risk aversion dominates and fear mounts that the investigation could open up a whole new can of worms which will do little more than compound the markets current panic syndrome," said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures added 32 cents to $49.67 a barrel. It rose 28 cents to $49.35 a barrel in New York Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 40 cents to $52.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1112 from $1.1153 late Thursday in Asia. The dollar strengthened slightly to 111.20 yen from 111.17 yen. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme 'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour' Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip while filming in Santorini Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer's character Mick Carter punch Lee Ryan's Woody in the face after catching him in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
48° Subscribe Chicago News Sports Podcasts Politics Entertainment Columnists Opinion Lifestyles Autos Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Jobs Subscribe More Chicago CPS to borrow against late state block grants to pay for end of year Chicago News Area refugees, immigrants gather at On The Table to share stories Chicago Astronaut James Lovell: ‘We go to heaven when we’re born’ — podcast Chicago News $108 million Chicago Riverwalk set for official season kickoff Chicago Man who hit River North guard is ‘going to make this right’ Chicago News Amtrak engineer arraigned on charges in crash that killed 8 Chicago Humboldt Park street renamed for freed FALN leader Chicago News Blues drummer Casey Jones dies; played with Muddy Waters, Howlin’ Wolf Chicago News Cops: Dad locked toddler in cage, left day-old baby alone Chicago Northwestern pianist vies with world’s best at Van Cliburn competition Chicago News Back News Home Crime Education Opinion Transportation Business Chicago Sneed Feature Stories The Watchdogs Homicide Watch Koschman Weather Sports Back Sports Home Rick Morrissey Rick Telander White Sox Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs Outdoors High School Sports Colleges Fire Steve Greenberg Ladd Biro Dale Bowman Jeff Agrest Podcasts Politics Back Politics Home Chicago Springfield Washington Lynn Sweet Entertainment Back Entertainment Home Architecture & Design Art Games Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Rich Roeper Books Things to do Comedy Dance Movies Music Reviews Stage Television Columnists Back Dale Bowman Rick Morrissey Rick Telander Steve Greenberg Dan Mihalopoulos Jeff Agrest Lynn Sweet Rich Roeper Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Neil Steinberg Mark Brown Mary Mitchell Sneed Shia Kapos Opinion Back Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor S. E. Cupp Madeleine Doubek John Fountain Marlen Garcia Jesse Jackson Gene Lyons Phil Kadner Sue Ontiveros Andy Shaw Roger Simon Laura Washington Other Views Lifestyles Back Lifestyles Home Well Travel Horoscopes Relationship Advice Dear Abby Autos Back Autos Home Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Back Classifieds Real Estate Autos Jobs Back Monster Subscribe Back Manage Account Subscriptions Newsletters Today’s E-Paper Paper Finder TV Weekly Order Back Issues NIE More Back Advertise with Us Search Archives Licensing Order Photos Newsroom Internships About Us Contact Us About Native Ads Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Sponsored Content News Wal-Mart’s online sales surge Business 05/18/2017, 09:28am Wal-Mart's online sales surged 63 percent, more than doubling the previous quarter's digital sales. | AP file photo Associated Press BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart delivered first-quarter earnings that show how it’s winning over shoppers at stores and online, even in an increasingly competitive retail landscape. The world’s largest retailer beat Wall Street estimates and delivered another solid gain in comparable-store sales. Customer traffic at Wal-Mart also rose while other major retailers like Macy’s and Target suffered declines. And online sales surged 63 percent, more than doubling the previous quarter’s digital sales. The majority of the online sales growth was organic through Walmart.com. Wal-Mart, like other traditional retailers, has played catch-up to Amazon.com and other online companies. It has retooled how it operates online and accelerated that shift by buying already successful online operators. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. Then it bought ShoeBuy.com for $70 million and the outdoor and gear seller Moosejaw for $51 million. In March, it bought the trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators and appeal to millennial shoppers. Wal-Mart also raised its stake in JD.com, China’s No. 2 e-commerce site. Under Marc Lore, the founder of Jet.com who is now CEO of Walmart.com, the company is still looking for new startups to buy. Since he joined the company, the number of items available on its third-party online marketplace has soared to more than 50 million. That’s up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Wal-Mart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. It’s also aggressively hunting Amazon shoppers, scrapping a fee-based shipping program earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Amazon Prime costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Wal-Mart is now launching an incubator lab focused on projects in robotics, virtual and augmented reality, and artificial intelligence in its battle with Amazon for customers The so-called Store No. 8 will be located in Silicon Valley. Even as it goes after Amazon online, it’s shoring up its advantage in stores. Wal-Mart is honing its image at those locations and making customer service friendlier and faster. The company has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more desirable. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reported fiscal first-quarter earnings of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, the Bentonville, Arkansas, company had a profit of $1. The results surpassed Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. Wal-Mart expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Wal-Mart’s revenue at stores opened at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company’s estimated range of 1 percent to 1.5 percent. That was fueled by customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Previously from Chicago News Transcript: President Trump, Colombian President Santos presser With help of Hastert victim, sex-abuse bill on way to becoming law Driver who killed firefighter in hit-and-run crash gets 10 years Huckabee jokes about Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending baseball Why trading Javy Baez at the deadline is laughable to the Cubs basketball LeBron over MJ? That kind of talk simply won't fly — not yet, anyway chicago news Transcript: President Trump, Colombian President Santos presser chicago Man who hit River North guard is 'going to make this right' baseball Hot-hitting Ian Happ forcing Cubs’ hand as roster move looms – Chicago Sun-Times × Search CAPTION Post to Cancel
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy 5/18 Asia-Pacific stocks stabilize after uneasy week of trading 5/18 Uber appeals ruling against arbitration in Waymo dispute 5/18 Bill Ackman has ‘something to prove’ after Valeant mistake 5/18 Salesforce raises yearly outlook after Q1 rebound Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Asda comparable sales fall, but net sales edge up By Razak Musah Published: May 18, 2017 9:26 a.m. ET Share By RazakMusah LONDON-U.K. supermarket Asda, a subsidiary of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +3.22% reported first-quarter comparable sales excluding petrol fell 2.8%. Walmart Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said quarterly net sales at the U.K's third largest supermarket chain, behind Tesco and Sainsbury's, increased 0.9%. "When normalizing for Leap Day last year and a later Easter this year, we continued to see sequential improvement in the underlying business, including customer traffic and ticket. We're confident we're on the right track," Mr. Biggs said. Parent company Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, reported U.S. same-store sales rose 1.4% for the fiscal first quarter--the 11th straight quarterly increase--due to a 1.5% rise in foot traffic, thanks in part to improvements Wal-Mart has made in its stores. Sarah Nassauer contributed to this article. Write to Razak Musah Baba at razak.baba@wsj.com; Twitter: @Raztweet More from MarketWatch More Coverage Bill Ackman has ‘something to prove’ after Valeant mistake Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns Treasury yields bounce off 4-week low on upbeat economic data Quote References WMT +2.42 +3.22% Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $77.54 +2.42 (+3.22%) Volume 18.7M Open $76.89 High $77.66 Low $76.13 P/E Ratio 17.66 Div Yield 2.63 Market Cap 227.7B
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Thu, May 18 2017. 08 09 PM IST Wal-Mart’s online sales soar as it pursues Amazon Wal-Mart’s e-commerce business witnesses gross merchandise volume soar by 69% in the first quarter, while its total revenue climbs 1.4% to $117.5 billion Subscribe to our newsletter. Matthew Boyle Wal-Mart officials are also striving to improve consumers’ brick-and-mortar experience by focussing on cleaner aisles, faster checkouts and fewer missing items. Photo: Danny Johnston/AP New York: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. gained momentum in its crusade against Amazon.com Inc., with its online sales growing at the fastest clip in at least five years. The e-commerce business saw gross merchandise volume — a measure of all the goods it sells online — soar 69% in the first quarter, Wal-Mart said on Thursday. Total revenue climbed 1.4% to $117.5 billion. The results signal that Wal-Mart is getting a payoff from an ambitious online expansion, which included last year’s $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com Inc. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company now boasts 50 million items on its website, up from 35 million the previous quarter. “All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people,” said Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm A.T. Kearney. Growth at Wal-Mart’s brick-and-mortar stores was more measured, though it still outpaced estimates. US same-store sales rose 1.4%, beating the 1.3% gain projected by analysts. That marked the 11th-consecutive period of positive sales in the company’s home market. Earnings amounted to $1 a share. Analysts had estimated 96 cents. “We’re encouraged by the start to the year,” chief executive officer Doug McMillon said in a statement. “Our plan is gaining traction.” Jet deal McMillon has used the Jet acquisition as a catalyst for online growth. After buying that business in September, he put co-founder Marc Lore in charge of US e-commerce. Wal-Mart followed up with some smaller deals, snapping up outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women’s apparel seller ModCloth earlier this year. It’s also held talks to buy men’s clothing startup Bonobos Inc. for about $300 million, a person familiar with the matter said last month. The deals have helped burnish Wal-Mart’s online image, though the majority of e-commerce growth came from its longstanding Walmart.com site last quarter. At the same time, Wal-Mart is striving to improve its brick-and-mortar experience. Cleaner aisles, faster checkouts and fewer missing items have been the focus for Wal-Mart’s US stores chief Greg Foran. The New Zealander also is beefing up the retailer’s store-brand and services business to provide a buffer against both Amazon and German discounter Aldi. He’s replaced the clunky handheld bar-code scanners used by employees since 1984, opened training facilities for 200,000 workers, and freed store managers from the backroom to spend more time on the sales floor. “With all the hullabaloo online, it’s easy to forget that in-store execution still means the world to them,” said Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Bloomberg Matthew Boyle Topics: Amazon Wal-Mart online sales e-commerce sales growth More From Livemint READ MORE The perfect holiday is a five-letter word At the French Open, it’s an open race for the women’s singles title The oligarchy that is men’s tennis First Published: Thu, May 18 2017. 07 25 PM IST Editor's Picks How safe are sanitary pads in India? Paytm looking to acquire 500 million new customers: Vijay Shekhar Sharma Reliance Jio’s free services and the carnage in telecom Latest News At the French Open, it’s an open race for the women’s singles title The oligarchy that is men’s tennis Orissa HC grants bail to Trinamool MP Sudip Bandyopadhyay in Rose Valley case Uber threatens to fire self-driving car engineer in trade secrets case ‘Twin Peaks’: That show you like is coming back in style Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
FRI, MAY 19, 2017 | N/A °C N/A Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago High lake levels won’t scupper Pier 8 development More shoreline improvements are needed, but no residential blocks of the... Latest News SEE MORE Distraught father moved by community support in Waterdown following young daughter’s sudden death Vast majority of fire calls are medical emergencies Norfolk County manure thief confronted by property owner Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 9 hours ago U.S. opens 90-day window before NAFTA talks NewsAlert: U.S. triggers 90-day window ahead of NAFTA renegotiations Latest Business News SEE MORE Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows Back to Bitumount: How the oilsands changed Alberta and Canada forever Walmart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 2 hours ago Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Latest Sports News SEE MORE RBC Cup: Roy, Baird lead Cougars past Bandits TV today Today in sports history Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Everything, Everything takes what could be maudlin and makes it charming The sickly teen romantic weepy isn’t exactly a new genre — consider the... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Guelph’s Liz Powell is back with a new lease on her musical life Ever Lovin’ Jug Band brings more ‘booglie-ooglie-oo’ Hollerado’s take on our crazy world Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines 18 hours ago The Spectator's vew: Ambrose leaves politics with an A-plus rating Speaking of departing interim Conservative Party leader Rona Ambrose,... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 7 hours ago U.S. Justice Department preparing to sue FCA over diesel emissions The U.S. Justice Department is gearing up to sue Fiat Chrysler Automobiles... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Rockton Fair volunteers to sport red shirts to mark Canada 150 Honda launches new race-inspired ad campaign Four hours of questions about Burlington high school closures not enough Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 2 hours ago Backyard flights of fancy: Hobbits, dragons, pirates, oh my! Many a kid (and grown-up) has dreamed of having a magical playhouse. Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Wiser at choosing a wife, than friends Wiser at choosing a wife, than friends Horoscopes Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off a Fireworks Kit discount: 51% | value: $120.00 | You Save: $61.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Paulmac’s Pet Food wants every animal to have a second chance and loving home of their own Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 51% off a Fireworks Kit discount: 51% | value: $120.00 | You Save: $61.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Legal Matters: Do corporations have to keep a ‘Minute Book’? Home News Business Wal-Mart’s online sales soar as retail giant... | 17 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Wal-Mart’s online sales soar as retail giant pursues Amazon WAL MART Danny Johnston,The Associated Press A sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Matthew Boyle Wal-Mart Stores gained momentum in its fight against Amazon.com, with its online sales growing at the fastest clip in at least five years. The e-commerce business saw gross merchandise volume — a measure of all the goods it sells online — soar 69 per cent in the first quarter, Walmart said on Thursday. Total revenue climbed 1.4 per cent to $117.5 billion. The results signal that Walmart is getting a payoff from an ambitious online expansion, which included last year's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com Inc. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company now boasts 50 million items on its website, up from 35 million the previous quarter. "All of a sudden, Walmart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people," said Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm A.T. Kearney. The shares gained as much as 1.2 per cent to $76 in early trading after the results were released. Growth at Wal-Mart's brick-and-mortar stores was more measured, though it still outpaced estimates. U.S. same-store sales rose 1.4 per cent, beating the 1.3 per cent gain projected by analysts. That marked the 11th-consecutive period of positive sales in the company's home market. Earnings amounted to $1 a share in the period, which ended April 30. Analysts had estimated 96 cents. The company expects profit of $1 to $1.08 in the second quarter, compared with a projection of $1.07. U.S. same-store sales will grow 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent, Walmart said. "We're encouraged by the start to the year," Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said in a statement. "Our plan is gaining traction." McMillon has used the Jet acquisition as a catalyst for online growth. After buying that business in September, he put co-founder Marc Lore in charge of U.S. e-commerce. Walmart followed up with some smaller deals, snapping up outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women's apparel seller ModCloth earlier this year. It's also held talks to buy men's clothing startup Bonobos Inc. for about $300 million, a person familiar with the matter said last month. The deals have helped burnish Wal-Mart's online image, though the majority of e-commerce growth came from its long-standing Walmart.com site last quarter. Wal-Mart's online expansion hasn't come cheap. Its expenses grew faster than sales in the first quarter, Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said in an interview. Walmart has pledged to reverse that trend over the course of the year. "We're still not where we want to be," Biggs said. At the same time, Walmart is striving to improve its brick-and-mortar experience. Cleaner aisles, faster checkouts and fewer missing items have been the focus for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores chief Greg Foran. The New Zealander also is beefing up the retailer's store-brand and services business to provide a buffer against both Amazon and German discounter Aldi. He's replaced the clunky hand-held bar-code scanners used by employees since 1984, opened training facilities for 200,000 workers, and freed store managers from the backroom to spend more time on the sales floor. "With all the hullabaloo online, it's easy to forget that in-store execution still means the world to them," said Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Bloomberg | (2) Comments By Mike | MAY 18, 2017 11:14 AM Read and learn: On their website they say... We are a privately held company with two primary owners, the son of our founder and a private equity firm located in New York/Los Angeles. We own and operate all of our stores and do not offer franchise opportunities. We only operate as Value Village in Washington, Oregon and Alaska in the United States. We operate as Savers in the other U.S. states. We are not in all 50 states. We also operate as Value Village in all Canadian Provinces. We are Village des Valeurs in Quebec. Our stores in Australia are Savers. There are many thrift stores in the U.S. that go by Value Village and they are not all related to our chain - only those in Washington, Oregon and Alaska. 0   0 Report as Offensive By Brad | MAY 18, 2017 11:07 AM I don't know how Walmart can be soar, when they own Value Village. Must be making all kinds on profit from that store.I would do a thorough audit. 2   1 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Most Read SEE MORE UDPATE: GoFundMe account set up for ‘beautiful daughter’ killed crossing rural road Photojournalist charged with obstruction at scene of girl’s fatal crash UPDATE: Hwy 403 reopens after woman killed One dead, two injured in head-on crash on Highway 6 bypass Preliminary autopsy says Chris Cornell killed himself by hanging In Your Neighbourhood Today 5 great road trip destinations within Ontario to escape Toronto this spring and summer Think booking a flight is the only way to get a real vacation from the big city? Consider this:... Say hello to our ‘bowel buddies’: The friendly bacteria in our digestive tracts Elemental Therapies in the Stoney Creek region of Hamilton specializes in helping people attain... Legal Matters: Backyard pool safety Question: I am planning on installing a pool in my fenced backyard. What steps can I take to... Feline arthritis: How to spot the signs The veterinarians at Village Cat Clinic in Ancaster can help you tell the difference between... Heavy-duty vehicle emergencies need heavy-duty towing assistance Abrams Towing in Hamilton knows some people drive big vehicles — very big vehicles — and that means... Canadian Tire: History of a revered Canadian icon When you next walk into Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre on Barton Street East in Hamilton, you may... How to prep for a move: 7 great tips Dewitt Movers & Storage in Dundas has over 50 years of moving expertise, so they know that moving... Thinking outside the pot: Creative gardening ideas from TERRA With gardening season in full swing, it's the perfect time to give some thought to the growing... Play centres let kids enjoy the benefits of outdoor fun Playing indoors can be limiting for kids, and with the lure of tablets and other electronic... Stock up on groceries for less without ever leaving your car Finding healthy and affordable food on the fly is becoming a big challenge for families these days.... Restore your smile with dental implants Offering family and cosmetic dentistry, Golf Links Dental in Ancaster, Ontario, can give you the... Legal Matters: When your relative dies without a will Question: My Uncle died without a will. I am his only living relative. What happens... Burlington’s high energy meets a dynamic lifestyle at Paradigm Condos Beautifully set along the shores of Lake Ontario, Burlington exudes a sense of youthful optimism.... Legal Matters: Are optional insurance benefits really optional? Question: It is time to renew my automobile insurance. Do I need to purchase optional... Maintaining family values is a priority at Hamilton Auto & Cooling Paul Jeffery, owner of Hamilton Auto & Cooling on Upper Wellington Street in Hamilton, knows the... Legal Matters: Fired for intoxication in the workplace? Question: Three months ago I was sent home from work for being... The Appliance Doctor is in Proudly serving the Steeltown city, The Appliance Doctor has been part of this hard-working... WEALTH MATTERS: An Investment in You I founded Nest Wealth because I firmly believed Canadians deserved a better option when it came to... Legal Matters: Do you need additional automobile insurance to drive in the United States? Question: I’m travelling to Buffalo with my family for the weekend. Do I need to get special... Invest in shade products now for upcoming summer sun With spring right around the corner, now’s the time to start thinking about how you’ll protect your... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal Up to 41% off Prix Fixe Dinner $49 View Deal Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal Wild Red Shrimp with the Shell On $40 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Bombardier in trade fight with Boeing Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Back to Bitumount: How the oilsands changed Alberta and Canada forever Home Capital shows sign of turnaround North American markets recoup with slight gains TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 18, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, online sales jump Wal-Mart’s strong results show the retailer is benefiting from its $2.7 billion investment to increase entry-level wages and enhance the training of its workforce that has resulted in better stocked shelves and cleaner stores. It said store visits rose 1.5% in the quarter. business Updated: May 18, 2017 18:50 IST Reuters Chicago (Reuters photo) Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Thursday reported higher-than-expected quarterly sales at established U.S. stores, as more customers visited the discount retailer and its e-commerce push boosted online purchases, sending its shares up 1.3% in early trade. Wal-Mart’s strong results show the retailer is benefiting from its $2.7 billion investment to increase entry-level wages and enhance the training of its workforce that has resulted in better stocked shelves and cleaner stores. It said store visits rose 1.5% in the quarter. “We got off to a slower start than expected, due in part to delayed federal tax refund checks, but saw sales strengthen throughout the quarter,” Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said in a statement. Shares of Wal-Mart rose to $76.10 in pre-market trade. As of Wednesday’s close, the stock had risen 8.7% so far this year. Wal-Mart’s performance, along with rival Target Corp’s results on Wednesday, bucked a string of weak results by department store retailers like Macy’s Inc. On Wednesday, Target reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and sales, and set an optimistic tone for the year. Wal-Mart said sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.4%, excluding fuel price fluctuations, and was the 11th consecutive quarterly increase. Analysts were expecting a 1.3% increase, according to Consensus Metrix. Online sales rose 63% in the first quarter, which was higher than 29% growth in the fourth quarter. The company said most of the growth was from its existing online operations rather than from acquisitions. Online sales added 0.8%age points to the first quarter comparable sales gain. To accelerate its e-commerce business and narrow the widening gap with rival Amazon.com Inc, Wal-Mart has been acquiring small online retail startups. It has acquired three companies so far this year and is currently in talks with small online clothing retailer Bonobos. “We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we’re capable of,” said Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon. Earnings per share was $1 in the first quarter ended on April 30, exceeding the analysts’ average estimate of 96 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Consolidated net income fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to an increase a higher tax rate. Quarterly revenue rose 1.4% to $117.5 billion, slightly lower than analysts expectations of $117.7 billion due to a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. Revenue grew 2.8% on a currency neutral basis. For the second quarter, Wal-Mart said it expected an increase of 1.5% to 2% in U.S. same-store sales. It forecast earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, against market expectations of $1.07. more from business Nifty tanks 1%, Sensex falls 224 pts as investors spooked by political uncertainties in the US May 18, 2017 18:16 IST Paytm raises $1.4 bn funding from SoftBank May 18, 2017 17:34 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you Read more Aldi is trying to beat Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, at its own game: low prices Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Read more FDI rules in food retail may be changed to allow sale of some FMCG products WalMart files patent for Amazon Dash rival India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Nepalese man held in Bihar with premium quality heroin worth Rs 6 crore May 18, 2017 18:45 IST Trinamool breaks hill jinx, Mamata ‘conquers’ last frontier May 18, 2017 18:42 IST ICJ stay on Jadhav hanging: Pakistan says does not accept UN court’s jurisdiction,... May 18, 2017 18:27 IST Dave’s last wishes: Plant tree, preserve rivers but don’t use my name May 18, 2017 18:42 IST Akali ex-MLA Keetu murder: Three nephews, three others get life term May 18, 2017 18:11 IST 15-day-old infant undergoes heart surgery in Udaipur; doctors say baby recovering... May 18, 2017 18:02 IST ED confiscates Rs 100-cr farm house of Vijay Mallya in Maharashtra May 18, 2017 18:17 IST British ruling party promises more visa curbs on Indians May 18, 2017 17:54 IST UN says 200,000 more expected to flee Iraq’s Mosul May 18, 2017 17:50 IST In pics: Iranians take the streets as high-stakes vote goes down to wire May 18, 2017 17:45 IST UK poll: Unease over ‘India’ record of Indian-origin MPs May 18, 2017 17:54 IST US sticking by Iran nuclear deal is good news for Rouhani May 18, 2017 17:31 IST Cat lovers rejoice: Internet darling Omar may be crowned the world’s longest fe... May 18, 2017 17:29 IST Palestinian killed by Israeli settler in West Bank clash: Ministry May 18, 2017 17:19 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi WBJEE 2017: Answer keys released, check them and raise objection now May 18, 2017 18:52 IST Nepalese man held in Bihar with premium quality heroin worth Rs 6 crore May 18, 2017 18:45 IST LGBTQIA parade in Bhopal for demand of equal rights May 18, 2017 18:44 IST Puppy deaths: Animal activist terms Army inquiry against officer an ‘eyewash’ May 18, 2017 18:10 IST Traffic violators add to chaos at e-way service lane near Ambience Mall in Gurg... May 18, 2017 17:57 IST Naseemuddin to float new political front . May 18, 2017 17:46 IST BJP protests against attack on office in Patna, takes matter to Governor May 18, 2017 17:44 IST From India’s first electric taxis to traffic snarls along Metro-3 route: Top 5 stories... May 18, 2017 17:33 IST Haryana board (HBSE) Class 12 exam results: 73.4% girls and 57.58% boys pass | check... May 18, 2017 18:14 IST analysis columns editorials authors Kulbhushan Jadhav case: ICJ verdict is a victory but will hit India-Pakistan relations badly May 18, 2017 17:33 IST To end racism, elevate a wider spectrum of Indians in public culture May 18, 2017 15:43 IST Bt brinjal to GM mustard: Are we now ready to adopt GM food crops? May 18, 2017 15:15 IST Chattrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus renaming: BJP eyeing Sena’s Marathi manoos... May 18, 2017 14:54 IST Time to evict MPs and babus who overstay in sarkari bungalows May 18, 2017 14:55 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Revealed: Bhuvaneshwar Kumar’s mystery date was Anusmriti Sarkar May 18, 2017 18:39 IST Kolkata Knight Riders’ smart play, rain pour cold water on Sunrisers Hyderabad May 18, 2017 17:55 IST Virat Kohli thinks his latest fan is ‘cuteness overload’ and he is not wrong May 18, 2017 18:07 IST How Sunrisers Hyderabad were caught out by Kolkata Knight Riders in IPL 2017 May 18, 2017 17:06 IST For fair India-Pakistan tie in Champions Trophy, these men would be responsible May 18, 2017 16:51 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid After Kai Po Che, Sushant Singh Rajput and Rajkummar Rao team up again May 18, 2017 18:50 IST 70th Cannes Film Festival: These ladies slayed Day 1 in their designer togs May 18, 2017 18:34 IST Revealed: Bhuvaneshwar Kumar’s mystery date was Anusmriti Sarkar May 18, 2017 18:39 IST Inspired by Irrfan Khan, fans go on a meme spree and take over the internet May 18, 2017 18:22 IST Amaal Malik: Dhoni biopic remains one of the toughest projects I’ve ever done May 18, 2017 18:16 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Just for gigs: Razzberry Rhinoceros restaurant review May 18, 2017 18:41 IST Tiny bubbles, ultrasound may heal non-union fractures: Study May 18, 2017 17:32 IST Now, you can swallow weight loss baloons to lose weight: Study May 18, 2017 17:14 IST I am not here to promote glamour, I am presenting brand India in Cannes May 18, 2017 16:50 IST International Museum Day: Here are six must-see museums across the world May 18, 2017 16:48 IST Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, online sales jump May 18, 2017 18:50 IST Nifty tanks 1%, Sensex falls 224 pts as investors spooked by political uncertainties... May 18, 2017 18:16 IST Paytm raises $1.4 bn funding from SoftBank May 18, 2017 17:34 IST Flipkart named most sought after employer in LinkedIn survey May 18, 2017 17:29 IST GST Council finalises tax rates on 80-90% goods, services May 18, 2017 17:21 IST Embellished resumes,skill gap key challenges in fresher hiring May 18, 2017 17:10 IST India’s domestic air traffic up 17.7% during January to April May 18, 2017 16:58 IST US regulator FCC to take initial vote to roll back Obama-era internet rules May 18, 2017 14:45 IST Android Go is Google’s push towards the next 2 billion smartphones May 18, 2017 13:48 IST Google’s vision for Android O: faster, more refined experience May 18, 2017 13:39 IST Google Assistant to feature on Apple’s iPhones May 18, 2017 09:49 IST Apple to starts initial production of iPhone SE in Bengaluru this month May 18, 2017 09:17 IST The WhatsApp-Facebook case will determine India’s online privacy laws May 17, 2017 17:44 IST Facebook to refund advertisers overcharged by a bug May 17, 2017 14:38 IST WBJEE 2017: Answer keys released, check them and raise objection now May 18, 2017 18:52 IST Haryana Board (HBSE) 2017 Class 12 topper Harish Sharma wants to be a doctor, says... May 18, 2017 18:50 IST Haryana board (HBSE) Class 12 exam results: 73.4% girls and 57.58% boys pass | check... May 18, 2017 18:14 IST HBSE Haryana Board Class 12 exam results 2017 declared, 65.4% students pass | check... May 18, 2017 16:28 IST CUSAT CAT 2017 results declared, visit cusatresults.nic.in to check yours May 18, 2017 16:18 IST LGBT activists take over the streets of Bhopal May 18, 2017 17:39 IST The traditional gun manufacturers of Jammu May 18, 2017 13:34 IST Reema Lagoo: Bollywood’s ‘favourite mom’ dies at 59 May 18, 2017 12:17 IST Reviving the Narmada river: A story of faith and humanity May 18, 2017 09:01 IST Recalling Panchen Lama’s disappearance on this day in 1995 May 17, 2017 15:59 IST ICJ stays death sentence given to Kulbhushan Jadhav May 18, 2017 18:04 IST Supreme Court reserves verdict over Triple Talaq May 18, 2017 16:49 IST In a first, Kochi metro to employ transgenders May 18, 2017 14:15 IST Union Environment Minister Anil Dave passes away at 60 May 18, 2017 12:21 IST Former Maoist’s daughter to represent India in volleyball tournament May 17, 2017 12:05 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Taylor Hood Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 52° Share Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores By Anne D'Innocenzio / Associated Press Published: Thursday, May 18th, 2017 at 8:00am Updated: Thursday, May 18th, 2017 at 11:18am FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... DEVELOPING STORY — This story will be updated as new information becomes available. BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world’s largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That’s a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Advertisement Continue reading “We’re transforming to become more of a digital enterprise,” said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart’s report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy’s, Kohl’s, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart’s efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart’s results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. “Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy,” Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That’s up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, “the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success.” Advertisement Continue reading “The majority of our growth is and will be organic,” said McMillon. “The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up.” Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon’s juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It’s also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company’s estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. ___ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio _____ Elements of the story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Money Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Wal-Mart's website to personalize shopping – Aug 4, 2014 Wal-Mart sales perk up ahead of holiday – Nov 13, 2014 Target beating Wal-Mart in race for turnaround – May 20, 2015 Wal-Mart keeps working to make inroads against Amazon – Feb 21, 2017 Advertisement Load comments Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Music industry blasts YouTube’s ‘value’ report Eddie Lampert puts vendors on notice with Craftsman suit Jim Chanos joins Martin Shkreli in slamming drug firm JCPenney is getting into the hotel business MLB, Facebook team up for Friday night live-stream Woman burned by Starbucks coffee awarded $100K Grueling conditions are taking a toll on Tesla’s factory workers Derek Jeter in a billion-dollar dogfight for Marlins Shoe company accused of shocking racism against Serena Williams Women are costing themselves $1 million Ralph Lauren posts surprisingly strong results as it reins in... Wall Street edges higher as investors seek bargains Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Wal-Mart’s quarterly sales beat Wall Street’s expectations By Reuters View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 18, 2017 | 9:49am | Updated May 18, 2017 | 9:50am Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: walmart Walmart customer and deer square off in store Walmart accused of discriminating against pregnant workers Whole Foods is about to get cheaper Amazon responds to Walmart in free-shipping war Wal-Mart on Thursday reported higher-than-expected quarterly sales, as more customers visited the discount retailer and its e-commerce push boosted online purchases, sending its shares up 1.3 percent in early trades. Wal-Mart’s strong results show the retailer is benefiting from its $2.7 billion investment to increase entry-level wages and enhance the training of its workforce that has resulted in better stocked shelves and cleaner stores. It said store visits rose 1.5 percent in the quarter. “We got off to a slower start than expected, due in part to delayed federal tax refund checks, but saw sales strengthen throughout the quarter,” Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said in a statement. Shares of Wal-Mart rose to $76.10 in pre-market trade. As of Wednesday’s close, the stock had risen 8.7 percent so far this year. Wal-Mart’s performance, along with rival Target Corp’s results on Wednesday, bucked a string of weak results by department store retailers like Macy’s. On Wednesday, Target reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and sales, and set an optimistic tone for the year. Wal-Mart said sales at US stores open at least a year rose 1.4 percent, excluding fuel price fluctuations, and was the 11th consecutive quarterly increase. Analysts were expecting a 1.3 percent increase, according to Consensus Metrix. Online sales rose 63 percent in the first quarter, which was higher than 29 percent growth in the fourth quarter. The company said most of the growth was from its existing online operations rather than from acquisitions. Online sales added 0.8 percentage points to the first quarter comparable sales gain. To accelerate its e-commerce business and narrow the widening gap with rival Amazon, Wal-Mart has been acquiring small online retail startups. It has acquired three companies so far this year and is currently in talks with small online clothing retailer Bonobos. “We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we’re capable of,” said Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon. Earnings per share was $1 in the first quarter ended on April 30, exceeding the analysts’ average estimate of 96 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Consolidated net income fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to an increase a higher tax rate. Quarterly revenue rose 1.4 percent to $117.5 billion, slightly lower than analysts expectations of $117.7 billion due to a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. Revenue grew 2.8 percent on a currency neutral basis. For the second quarter, Wal-Mart said it expected an increase of 1.5 percent to 2 percent in U.S. same-store sales. It forecast earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, against market expectations of $1.07. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under corporate earnings ,  macy’s ,  retail ,  retailers ,  stocks ,  target ,  wall street ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next In-N-Out is no longer America's favorite burger chain Read Next In-N-Out is no longer America's favorite burger chain Share Selection Columnists John Crudele Here are the constitutional crises worrying Wall Street Lois Weiss Homeless shelter given foreclosure reprieve — for now Claire Atkinson Warner Music boss nears royalty deal with Spotify SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 46,145 Times Square victim killed in crash was 18-year-old tourist 34,244 Times Square maniac was allegedly attempting suicide-by-cop 22,211 Photographer shocked he snapped photo of Times Square madman Now On ‘Deadliest Catch’ captain arrested for alleged Uber assault Pippa Middleton’s world-famous backside set to walk the aisle again Aerosmith meets Benjamin Netanyahu during trip to Jerusalem SEE ALL Video 0:57 Can you actually buy a house by giving up avocado toast? More Stories page six Pippa Middleton's world-famous backside set to walk the aisle again Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost Times Square victim killed in crash was 18-year-old tourist New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Wal-Mart's online sales surge, retailer tops 1Q expectations  | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Chris Cornell Trump and Russia New York Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Wal-Mart's online sales surge, retailer tops 1Q expectations FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart reports financial results Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 9:00AM EDT Last Updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 1:21PM EDT BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 per cent, dramatically up from the 29 per cent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 per cent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favour of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup -- cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 per cent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 per cent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 per cent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. Related Stories Attention, shoppers: Your online shopping habits are killing the neighbourhood mall Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Air Date: May 18, 2017 false MyNews: Driver's close call on the highway Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump’s defiant denials Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Tulip trouble: Canada 150 bulbs show wrong colour Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Drunk driver causes chaos Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Music pioneer dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: TSB releases report on crash Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: U.S. triggers NAFTA talks Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Nanaimo teen missing since March found dead Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Fox News creator dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Jays' suspend Kevin Pillar Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Air Date: May 18, 2017 More news from Business Constitution gives Ottawa right to impose carbon price on provinces: McKenna Canada-European Union pact worries U.S. lobster industry Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier 'A long period of growth' possible if Trump's pro-business policies arrive: Fairfax CEO Canada-bound phosphate shipment from Western Sahara detained in Panama Many women think men are the better investors; they're not Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Cloud DX named top disruptor _ WATCH: Instagram copycats snapchat _ WATCH: David Cockfield's Top Picks _ WATCH: David Cockfield discusses Parkland Fuels CTV News Video Network false 'Single greatest witch hunt in American history': Trump false U.S. starts the 90 day clock on free trade negotiations false Trail of destruction in NYC leaves one dead, many injured false Alberta’s Wildrose and PC parties signal intent to unite CTV National News for May 18: Trump slams investigation Most Popular Stories 1 Lauded rocker Chris Cornell dies at 52 7 2 Vehicle slams into Times Square crowd, 1 dead 7 3 Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert 4 School's out by noon? Not so fast, parents say 1 5 Check your wallet: RCMP warn of 'splice-and-tape' counterfeit bills 3 6 Military, police deployed overseas to get tax exemptions, Sajjan says 1 7 Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur 7 8 Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland 8 9 Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status 2 10 Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party 6 Don't Miss false Caught on Cam: Driver's close call with transport truck false Tulip trouble: Some Canada 150 flowers showing wrong colour false Omar may be world's longest cat CANADA Prince William and Harry give Ontario teen Legacy Award Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status Police failed to warn Quebec Muslims before mosque shooting, survivor says WORLD U.S. Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena U.S. imposes sanctions on Venezuela Supreme Court Trump assails 'witch hunt' after naming of special counsel ENTERTAINMENT Sorry, not sorry: Jennifer Lawrence owns up to pole dancing Shawn Mendes, Grimes, A Tribe Called Red lead iHeartRadio Canada MMVA nominees Netflix announces 5th season of 'Arrested Development' HEALTH Manitoba man relieved to be off the hook for US$36K medical flight Cuba reports a surge of Zika but still fewer than neighbours Certain nuts linked to reduced risk of colon cancer return: study POLITICS Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party Kenney says he'd work with Wall to sue feds over carbon tax SCI-TECH MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes Vancouver among cities at risk as coastal flooding expected to double: study Google creates VR voyage to Italy BUSINESS Constitution gives Ottawa right to impose carbon price on provinces: McKenna Canada-European Union pact worries U.S. lobster industry Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier AUTOS Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert Lamborghini gives 650 reasons to lust after its new SUV Volvo testing out autonomous garbage truck SPORTS Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur After win over Germany, Canada will play Russia in world championship semifinal 2018 Games head says NHL not being greedy, will co-operate Lifestyle 'Caleb's Superhero Suite': Hospital room transformed in boy's memory Britain sees record visitor numbers on Brexit-hit pound Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows CTV News on the Go false Trump plans to ‘modernize’ NAFTA Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Iraqi soldier risks life to stop suicide bomber In Pictures   Musician Chris Cornell dies at 52 Couple lives on man-made, off-the-grid island in B.C. 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Skip to main content Home Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development Big 50 Watch Manufacturing Minute Quick Hits Search Social Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Guides Companies Products Learn Digital Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM IMPO MBT PP Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Target Locked In Game Of Shipping Tag With Wal-Mart, Amazon 1 day 4 hours ago Comments by By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO , AP Retail Writer Supply Chain NEW YORK (AP) — Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon "has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days," said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. "There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper." But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. "We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both," Chief Operating Officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, Chief Financial Officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, "We will always evaluate." Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon's non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. The strategy shift was one of the first big moves by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain bought online retailer Jet.com last year. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. The company will be reporting its first-quarter results on Thursday. In the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart had a 29 percent increase in online sales, but the growth was on a bigger base of sales. Amazon.com, which had reduced the free shipping threshold for its non-Prime members to $35 from $49 following Wal-Mart's move, has lowered it again to $25. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that on average Amazon customers indicated they spend $800 annually on the site and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than non-Prime members and receive 2.5 times more shipments per year. If Amazon's relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said in a recent report, then Amazon's path toward Wal-Mart's 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market compared to Amazon's 3 percent is "reasonable." Target is also testing a program called Restock that would let its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, which charges $5.99 — but the Amazon delivery is not expedited. Target plans to expand the test to its loyalty card members in Minneapolis this summer. "Target Restock is a great start for Target to regain customers lost to Amazon, but Target may look to expand its efforts within Restock to the category of apparel" because of how important clothing is to Target's focus on style, said Matt Sargent, senior vice president of retail at the Magid consulting firm. He says it's "a next logical step for an initiative desperately needed at Target." Target is also preparing to launch a same-day delivery service at a store in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan. Customers can choose a delivery window to have their orders delivered to their homes later that day. Amazon says Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive their orders the same day or the next with same-day delivery or one-day shipping, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 major cities can get tens of thousands of items for superfast, one-hour and free two-hour delivery. More than a year ago, Wal-Mart partnered with ride-hailing services Uber and Lyft to test same-day grocery deliveries in Phoenix and Denver. It's also testing same-day delivery service with Deliv at Sam's Club in Miami. Given the competition, CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday that Target will be thinking about new ways to offer different services. Cornell said the company is "working right now to think about the next phase of loyalty and how we continue to leverage the REDcard to build even a stronger relationship with our guests." Related Reads Amazon Executive Tapped To Revamp Target’s Supply Chain Amazon Gets FAA Certificate To Experiment With Drones What Consumers Think About Amazon Go E-Commerce Q&A: Let Amazon Work For You Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Industrial Distribution Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Big 50 Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Walmart's online sales soar 63 percent in Q1 The world's largest retailer has made major investments in its e-commerce strategy as it tries to compete with Amazon. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | May 18, 2017 -- 13:21 GMT (06:21 PDT) | Topic: E-Commerce Image: Walmart Discount retail giant Walmart reported rising comparable sales bolstered by a whopping 63-percent growth in its e-commerce business. The bulk of the online sales growth was organic through Walmart.com. Cyberwar and the Future of Cybersecurity A spotter's guide to the groups that are out to get you Ransomware attack: How a nuisance became a global threat Devastating attacks to public infrastructure 'a matter of when' in the US The Internet of Insecure Things, and why we're still in denial "This is extraordinary growth, and we're pleased with the traction we're generating across our e-commerce offerings," said Walmart CFO Brett Biggs. The world's largest retailer has made major investments in its e-commerce strategy as it tries to compete with Amazon, including its $3 billion acquisition last year of Jet.com. In the first quarter alone, Walmart nixed the membership fee requirement for two-day shipping, and also rolled out pickup discounts, which offers customers reduced prices on online-only items if they opt to pick up their orders in-store. Walmart's e-commerce site now sells more than 50 million different types of items, which is still just a fraction of Amazon's inventory but five times more that it offered just one year ago. Customer traffic at Walmart also increased at a time when other major retailers are seeing declines. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said the company has worked successfully to combine its digital and physical assets but notes that he wants to scale Walmart's e-commerce business even further. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," McMillon said. "The change is starting to be visible to our customers as they use online grocery, Walmart Pay, Scan & Go at Sam's Club and our Walmart app. Online grocery also continues to perform well and we're on track to scale the offering to more stores this year in several countries, including the US." As for the numbers, Walmart said Q1 revenue was $117.54 billion with earnings of $1 per share. Wall Street was expecting revenue of $117.63 billion with earnings of 96 cents a share. For its second quarter, Walmart said it expects earnings in the range of $1 to $1.08 a share. Wall Street expects earnings of $1.07 a share. More Tech Earnings Walmart's online sales soar 63 percent in Q1 Stratasys Q1 in line with expectations as company encouraged by industry focus CA Technologies, Talend report earnings Symantec misses Q4 revenue targets Nvidia tops Q1 targets as revenue nearly doubles Facebook beats Q1 revenue expectations as monthly user base nears 2B Square handily tops Q1 targets, ups 2017 revenue forecast Tableau Q1 mixed as customers adopt subscription pricing Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories E-Commerce Alibaba's fiscal 2017 revenue climbs 56 percent on cloud, mobile commerce growth E-Commerce Salesforce Commerce Cloud gets AI updates, Android Pay integration Innovation ​Subway keeping its tech fresh for improved customer experience E-Commerce ​BigCommerce predicts future ecommerce to be fuelled by voice × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! Business Wal-Mart's online shopping strategy is starting to pay off Keith Myers / The Kansas City Star In a classroom inside the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Shawnee, facilitator Nichole Umscheid, standing left, talks with students in her Wal-Mart Academy class. In a classroom inside the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Shawnee, facilitator Nichole Umscheid, standing left, talks with students in her Wal-Mart Academy class. (Keith Myers / The Kansas City Star) Sarah HalzackWashington Post Wal-Mart has recently put its foot on the gas in its bid to catch up to Amazon.com in the e-commerce world, most notably by acquiring a collection of smaller shopping sites and rolling out splashy offers such as free two-day shipping on many purchases. Now there are signs that it is paying off: Wal-Mart on Thursday reported a robust 63 percent surge in online sales in the most recent quarter. Importantly, the company said that the majority of the increase came from sales growth at Walmart.com, suggesting fresh momentum at its flagship digital business. "The acquisitions have received a lot of attention, but our plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success," said Doug McMillion, Wal-Mart's chief executive, in remarks to investors. To be sure, online shopping still comprises only a tiny slice of Wal-Mart's business, and it remains to be seen whether this strong growth is sustainable. But it is an encouraging sign for a company that has spent billions of dollars to trying to step up its game in this arena. Marc Lore, the head of the retailer's online business, said that a key driver of the growth was its move to offer free two-day shipping on millions of items without a membership fee. That model was meant to offer Amazon Prime-like speed without having to pay a membership fee. Wal-Mart said it also helped that it has expanded its assortment online to 50 million items, a five-fold increase from this time last year. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) The company has been trying several new tactics to lure more online shoppers, including offering a discount on certain e-commerce purchases if shoppers pick them at a store instead of having them delivered to their homes. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart's broader U.S. business looked healthy in the quarter. The company reported an increase of 1.4 percent in comparable sales, a measure of its sales online and at stores open more than a year. That marked its eleventh consecutive quarter of growth on this measure. That consistent run of growth stands in contrast to what has been seen lately in the wider retail industry. Target recently reported its fourth consecutive quarter of declining comparable sales. Department stores such as Macy's, J.C. Penney and Kohl's saw their sales slide in the latest quarter. Things are looking grim at several specialty apparel retailers: Ralph Lauren said Thursday that it recorded a 16 percent plunge in quarterly sales. Ascena Retail Group, the parent company of Ann Taylor, Loft and other clothing chains, saw its stock nosedive some 38 percent on Thursday after it lowered its forecasts for the year, citing "unprecedented secular change" in its category of retailing. "Given the current retail landscape, with many retailers experiencing challenges across multiple categories, we believe Wal-Mart will continue to turn up the competitive heat by utilizing its scale and technological advantages to extract increased market share," said Charlie O'Shea, a retail analyst at Moody's, in a research note. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Amazon.com Inc. Amazon undercuts Wal-Mart with $25 free shipping threshold Wal-Mart charges ahead in online retail market dominated by Amazon Inside Wal-Mart’s new training sessions: Trying to adapt to retail landscape changes Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 48°
just-style home News & insights News US Q1 in brief – Stage Stores, Perry Ellis, Walmart By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 18 May 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent first-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Walmart delivered an encouraging start to the year thanks to higher sales, while Iconix Brand Group moved to a loss on the back of declining sales. Kate Spade, meanwhile, saw earnings slump on the back of sales declines, while Hudson's Bay recorded comparable store declines on the back of lower domestic store traffic across all banners.  Stage Stores Stage Stores widened its net loss to US$19m from $15.5m in the first quarter as the company incurred after-tax charges primarily associated with the Gordmans acquisition of about $4m. Net sales were also down, falling 7.3% to $308.6m, compared to $332.8m in the prior year. Meanwhile, comparable sales decreased 9.6%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "After a challenging February in which we saw negative double digit comps, we began to gain momentum and our business improved significantly during the combined March and April period. While we expect retail headwinds to continue in the near term, we believe that our selective acquisition of prime Gordmans' assets allows us to diversify with an off-price business model. We expect the acquisition to add scale to our business and be meaningfully accretive to our earnings in 2018." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it was pleased with a "solid start" to fiscal 2018, with top and bottom line results surpassing guidance, reflecting solid growth in its core brands driven by the earlier shipment of Spring merchandise and strong gross margin expansion. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$12.8m, compared to GAAP net income of $14.3m last year. GAAP Gross margin expanded 120 basis points to 37.6%, while adjusted gross margin expanded 90 basis points. Meanwhile, total sales dropped 7.3% to $242m from $261m last year, but ahead of guidance of $230mto $235 million. The company said the decline reflected a planned decrease in shipments given a reduction of customers' doors and inventory discipline to drive higher margin sales. Walmart Walmart has delivered what analysts say is an encouraging start to the year as sales grew 1.4% in the quarter to US$117.5bn. Excluding currency, sales were up 2.5% to $118.8bn. In its domestic market revenues were up 2.9% to $75.4bn, while international sales climbed 3.5% to $27.1bn. Net earnings, meanwhile, were down 1.3% in the period to $3.04bn. "We delivered a solid first-quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year. We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers," said CEO Doug McMillon. The Children's Place The Children's Place has booked what it says are "outstanding" operating results in the quarter with comparable sales, operating margin and earnings significantly above last year and the high end of its guidance. Net sales increased 4.1% to US$436.7m on the back of a comparable retail sales increased of 6.1%. Operating margin improved 170 basis points to 11.1%, while net income reached $36.2m from $26m a year earlier. American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a mixed first-quarter as earnings slipped but sales increased. For the period ended 29 April, net income fell to US$25.2m from $40.5m last year. Gross margin decreased 270 basis points to 36.5% from 39.2% last year, primarily due to increased promotional activity and higher shipping costs related to a strong digital business. Meanwhile, total net revenue was up 2% to $761.8m, compared to $749.4m in the year-ago period. Consolidated comparable sales were also up 2%, following a 6% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "The first quarter results reflected mall traffic headwinds, especially early in the quarter, with improved trends over Easter and a strong digital business throughout. As we look ahead, we are taking the right steps to improve our results and adjust our business for today's rapidly evolving retail environment." L Brands  L Brands booked a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping to US$94.1m from $152.3m last year. For the three months ended 29 April, net sales fell 7% to $2.44bn compared to $2.61bn in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were also down, falling 9%. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 6 percentage points and 9 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company increased its guidance for 2017 full-year earnings per share to $3.10 to $3.40 from $3.05 to $3.35 previously, and issued guidance for second quarter earnings per share between $0.40 and $0.45. Target Corp US retail group Target said its first-quarter financial performance was "better" than its expectations, as net earnings rose 7.7% to US$681m from $632m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, sales slipped 1.1% to $16.0bn compared to $16.2bn last year, reflecting a comparable sales decline of 1.3%, partially offset by the contribution from new stores. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 22% and contributing 0.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 30.5%, compared with 30.9% in the year-ago period, reflecting increased digital channel fulfilment costs.  CEO Brian Cornell, said: "We are in the early stage of a multi-year effort to position Target for profitable, consistent long-term growth, and while we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape. As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity." Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters saw net income slip 59.8% in the first quarter, falling to US$11.9m from $29.6m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down in the period, falling 0.2% to $761.2m compared to $762.6m last year. Total comparable retail segment net sales decreased 3.1%. By brand, comparable sales increased 1.5% at Free People, but decreased 3.1% at Urban Outfitters and 4.4% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by negative retail store comparable net sales. CEO Richard Hayne, said: "During the first quarter we continued to see strong double-digit growth from our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale business. We believe we have significant opportunity to continue to grow both of these channels at all of our brands." Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said that despite a challenging retail environment, it realised growth across each of its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net income reached US$58.2m compared to $56.9m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also up, increasing 9.9% to $1.8bn from $1.7bn last year. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will continue to "evaluate and adjust" its business model, and is taking actions to reduce its expense structure in order to fund and develop its longer-term strategic initiatives. TJX Companies TJX Companies said it has  great confidence in the continued, successful growth of the company after booking increases in both sales and earnings in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 January, net income reached US$536.3m, compared to $508.3m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin was 29.0%, up 0.2 percentage points versus the prior year. Net sales meanwhile, increased by 3% to $7.8bn from $7.5bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, narrowed its net loss in the first quarter. For the period ended 31 March, net loss was US$2.4m, compared to $6.5m for the prior year period. Net sales meanwhile, were up 19% to $40.1m from $33.7m in the prior year period, reflecting a 22% increase in wholesale segment sales and a 9% increase in consumer direct segment sales. The company added the sales increase was primarily due to sales from the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands for the full period. Gross margin fell to 46.4% compared to 48.5%last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans for the full quarter as well as the inclusion of Swims, which carry lower gross margin rates as primarily wholesale businesses. CEO Michael Buckley said the company is "pleased" with the progress it has made during the quarter, especially in its e-commerce business, which saw a 46% sales increase. Dillard's Dillard's has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its first-quarter, with net income falling to US$66.3m from $77.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped to $1.42bn from $1.50bn a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations improved 65 basis points. CEO William Dillard said that while the company's sales decline weighed heavily onits operating results, it still ended the quarter with $302m of cash, largely due to better cash management. Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked first-quarter earnings in line with expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings were up 37% to US$63m, from $46m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.7% to $3.3bn, compared to $3.2bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.8%. This was consistent with trends experienced over the past year, Nordstrom said. Meanwhile, online sales were 24% of total net sales, driven by 11% growth at Nordstrom.com and 19% at Nordstromrack.com/HauteLook. Hudson's Bay Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) has booked a drop in comparable sales in what it described as a difficult first-quarter, particularly in the US where the group has experienced lower store traffic across all its banners. On a constant currency basis, consolidated comparable sales were down 2.9%. DSG (Hudson's Bay, Lord & Taylor, and Home Outfitters) saw sales fall 2.4%, while Saks Fifth Avenue sales fell 4.8%. In Europe, HBC sales were remained flat. Comparable digital sales were up 5.4%. Macy's US department store retailer Macy's says its first-quarter sales and earnings results were consistent with its expectations, and that it remains on track to meet its 2017 guidance. Earnings in the period dropped to $71m from $115m last year, while gross margin narrowed to 38.1% from 39.1% in the prior year period. Sales totalled $5.34bn, a drop of 7.5% on sales of $5.77bn in the same period last year, reflecting, in part, store closures. Comparable sales on an owned basis were down 5.2%. Kohl's US department store retailer Kohl's has booked mixed first-quarter results as earnings climbed but sales fell. Earnings were up 14% to US$66m from $58m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 83 basis points to 36.4%. Sales, meanwhile, were down 3.2% to $3.84bn. CEO Kevin Mansell, however, said there had been a "significant improvement" in sales and traffic for the March and April period, after a weak February. "Continued strong inventory management led to a major improvement in gross margin, and our teams managed expenses exceptionally well." Wolverine Worldwide Wolverine Worldwide booked what it says was a solid start to the year with earnings and sales that beat expectations and strong progress towards its strategic transformation plan. Revenues dropped 4.8% to US$591.3m due to an additional week of operations in the first quarter of 2017. Underlying revenue declined 2%. Earnings dropped to $16.7m from $17.4m, while gross margin widened slightly to 39.7% from 39.6% last year. "The transformation of our business is well underway with our strategy focused on elevating our most powerful brands with consumers, delivering continuous product innovation and sustained organic growth, and unlocking incremental operational efficiencies, with an emphasis on pace and speed," said CEO Blake Krueger. Iconix Brand Group Iconix moved to a loss in its first-quarter on the back of declining sales as the the company looks to implement initiatives aimed at improving its balance sheet and driving organic growth. Losses amounted to US$4.3m from earnings of $18.6m a year earlier. Operating income declined 27% to $33.6m, while licensing revenue fell 13% to $58.7m. Separately, Iconix announced the sale of its entertainment segment for $345m in cash. Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends said total sales in the 13 weeks to 29 April increased 3.2% to US$200m, compared to $193.7m in the year-ago period. Comparable store sales meanwhile, were up 1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Acting CEO Bruce Smith, said: "We are pleased to report that our improved merchandising strategies are driving better performance, as demonstrated by the increase in our first quarter comparable store sales. After a very slow start to the quarter due to the later disbursement of tax refunds by the Internal Revenue Service, we were able to more than make up February's 21% comparable store sales decline with increases of 13% in March and 18% in April." Weyco Weyco saw both sales and earnings slip in its first-quarter in the face of what it called a "challenging" retail environment. For the three months to 31 March, net earnings attributable to the company fell 17% to US$2.2m from $2.7m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net sales for the quarter slipped to $69.1m, down 12% from $78.9m last year. CEO Thomas Florsheim Jr said: "The retail environment continues to be challenging, as retailers address reduced foot traffic in their brick and mortar stores. We continue to seek growth across all trade channels and are working to reduce our costs.  This quarter we saw higher gross margins and reductions in several categories of selling and administrative costs as a result of our efforts."    Hanesbrands US fashion retailer Hanesbrands said it is off to the strong start of 2017 that it sought, despite net income slipping 12% to US$70.6m from $80.3m in the year-ago period. Net sales meanwhile, increased 13.2% to $1.38bn from $1.22bn last year, thanks to acquisition contributions. Sales for the activewear and international segments increased, while sales decreased as expected for the innerwear segment and manage-for-cash businesses. Hanes has also launched a multiyear initiative to increase investment for growth, reduce costs, and drive cash flow. Project Booster, is expected to drive the company's Sell More, Spend Less, Generate Cash business strategy and is expected to generate about $100m in annualised net cost savings, and $300m of incremental annual net cash from operations after annualised growth reinvestment of $50m. The company has also recently announced the departure of CFO Richard Moss who will retire at the end of 2017. Hanesbrands has initiated an internal and external search for his successor.  VF Corp US apparel giant VF Corporation said its first-quarter results were "right in line" with expectations, despite a 2% fall in both sales and earnings for the period. Net income fell to US$209.2m in the three months to March, from $260.3m the year before. As a result of the sale of its licensed sports group business to Fanatics, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $5.5m the first quarter of 2017. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 50.2% on a reported basis, while total revenues fell to $2.55bn from $2.60bn in the year-ago period. Brand revenue at Vans was up 5% and by 6% at The North Face., but fell 5% at Timberland. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record first-quarter net sales of US$543.8m, a 4% increase compared with net sales of $525.1m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 13% to $36m from $31.8m in the year ago period. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 3%, and net income of between $192m and $199m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "Our first quarter results provide a good start to a year that presents many challenges, especially in the US, which has been impacted by customer bankruptcies, liquidations and ongoing efforts by US.retailers to rationalise their store fleets and square footage. We were encouraged by the Columbia brand's continued growth in Europe-direct markets during the first quarter and by the Sorel brand's successful launch of an expanded Spring assortment. In addition, our direct-to-consumer businesses were a source of growth in every region. "In the midst of changing consumer shopping patterns, our portfolio of powerful brands and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to drive sustainable, profitable growth." Amazon Online retail giant Amazon has booked increases in both sales and earnings in its first-quarter thanks to new product and service launches globally, including seven private apparel brands to Prime members. Net income reached US$724m from $513m a year prior. Net sales were up 23% to $35.7bn. Excluding a $492m unfavourable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales increased 24%. Under Armour Under Armour's share price has spiked after the athletic wear maker posted a first-quarter loss that was better than analyst expectations and reaffirmed its full-year outlook. The loss for the three months to the end of March amounted to US$2.3m from earnings of $19.2m a year ago. Gross margin dropped 70 basis points to 45.2%. Net sales, however, grew 7% to $1.1bn. "Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and we're off to a solid start in 2017," said Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. "By proactively managing our growth to deliver superior innovative product, continuing to strengthen our connection with consumers and increasing our focus on operational excellence - we have great confidence in our ability to drive toward our full year targets." Carter's Carter's booked a mixed first-quarter, with a slight rise in sales but a 13.6% decrease in net income from US$54m to $46.7m. Operating margin also decreased, falling 210 basis points to 10.7%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 1.2% to $732.8m, reflecting growth in the company's domestic retail and wholesale sales, which was partially offset by a decline in International sales. CEO Michael Casey, said: "We achieved our sales and earnings objectives in the first quarter. Stronger than planned demand in our wholesale and ecommerce businesses helped to offset the effects of delayed tax refunds to families with young children and a later Easter holiday. "We have seen a meaningful improvement in sales trends in April, driven by Easter holiday shopping, and expect good growth in sales and earnings in the balance of the year."  Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it pleased to have started off 2017 with a strong first-quarter, despite delivering a 15.6% drop in earnings. For the three months ended 31 March, net income fell to US$20.2m from $23.7m last year. However, the company said its highlight of the quarter was its Steve Madden women's wholesale footwear division, which enjoyed a period of "outstanding growth in a challenging retail environment". Net sales increased 11.2% to $366.4m, compared to $329.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin widened to 36.2%, compared to 35.3% last year. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said the company will take a prudent approach to planning its business in light of retail industry headwinds, but added the strength in its core business "gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to navigate the uncertain environment".  Skechers Despite first-quarter net sales representing a new quarterly record and the first time the company has exceeded US$1bn in quarterly sales, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip in the three months ended 31 March. Sales in the quarter were up 9.6% to $1.07bn on last year, primarily due to a 16.8% increase in the company's international wholesale business and a 12.8% rise in its company-owned global retail business which included comparable same-store sales increases of 2.9%. However, earnings slipped 3.7% to $94m, compared to $97.6m in the year-ago period. CEO David Weinberg said: "We are particularly proud of the growth in the quarter considering the tough comparison to 2016, which included the benefit of an additional day in February and Easter falling in March." Rocky Brands Rocky Brands says it has made a "solid start" to 2017 as it moved to a profit thanks to doubling its military segment sales to a quarterly record US$12m. Net income in the three months ended 31 March amounted to $1.5m from a loss of $0.2m a year earlier. Net sales meanwhile, increased 9.6% to $63.1m, compared to $57.5m in the year-ago period. Wholesale sales declined 2.5% to $39.2m, while retail sales edged up to $11.9m from $11.5m. Gross margin dropped 160 basis points to 31.3%, driven by the increase in military segment sales which carry lower gross margins than its wholesale and retail segments. CEO Mike Brooks said: "The actions we have taken over the past six months to better position the company for profitable growth are clearly gaining traction. While there is still work ahead of us in order to maximise shareholder value over the long-term, we are confident we are heading in the right direction." Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade saw earnings slump to US$1.4m in the three months ended 1 April, from $11.6m a year earlier. The company incurred a $7m of pre-tax store impairment charge and $2m of pre-tax fees and expenses related to its strategic review. Gross margin widened to 63.2% from 61.8%, but net sales dropped 1.2% to $271m. Same-store sales fell 2.4% for the quarter, and were down 8.1% excluding e-commerce.  Direct-to-consumer comparable sales fell 2%. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase in the first quarter, up 4% to US$1.10bn from $1.06bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 26 February, net income slipped to $60m, down 9% from $66m last year. The decline primarily reflected lower gross margins, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 51.2% from 53%. In Europe, net revenues were up 12%, while in the Americas sales dropped by 1% and Asia net revenues declined 2%. "Despite the on-going challenges in the industry, I am pleased that we delivered 5% currency-neutral growth over a strong Q1 last year," said Chip Bergh, president and CEO. "We were able to deliver these solid results despite a declining US wholesale business, because of the breadth of our portfolio. Specifically, we grew in all three regions, with particularly outstanding results in Europe; double digit growth in our direct-to-consumer business; and double digit growth on women's and tops." Tweet Shoes For Crews picks PLM to manage growth PREVIOUS UK clothing retail sales growth strong in April NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights 'Who Made My Clothes?' will redefine supply chains Technology and sustainability help transform denim Cambodia clothing sector faces up to skills gap An assembly-worker free apparel industry? Apparel retail in the age of austerity News Sri Lanka regains EU duty-free trade concession US Q1 in brief – Stage Stores, Perry Ellis Texprocess 2017 – Four top innovations unveiled Shandong Ruyi to open first North America facility Retailers turn to technology to shake up strategy Market research Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 Clothing Market in the Top 5 American Countries to 2021 - Market Size, Development, and Forecasts When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 Performance apparel markets: business update, April 2017 Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc VF Corporation Gap Inc Inditex SA Nike Inc Adidas Group Levi Strauss & Co Zara Wal-Mart Stores Inc Primark Tesco Plc Lectra Target Corporation Li & Fung Limited PVH Corporation Topshop/Topman JC Penney Company Inc Puma AG Invista All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, May 19, 2017 2:38 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, online sales jump Thursday May 18, 2017 09:00 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Kate Middleton’s little sis marries The Edit: Can you guess which countries have the best healthcare? The Edit: The Charlie Sheen effect on HIV testing The Edit: ‘Marvel’s Inhumans’ among five new shows on ABC Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Wal-Mart company logo is seen outside a Wal-Mart Stores Inc company distribution centre in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013 file photo. — Reuters picCHICAGO, May 18 — Wal-Mart Stores Inc today reported higher-than-expected quarterly sales at established US stores, as more customers visited the discount retailer and its e-commerce push boosted online purchases, sending its shares up 1.3 per cent in early trade. Wal-Mart’s strong results show the retailer is benefiting from its US$2.7 billion (RM11.7 billion) investment to increase entry-level wages and enhance the training of its workforce that has resulted in better stocked shelves and cleaner stores. It said store visits rose 1.5 per cent in the quarter. “We got off to a slower start than expected, due in part to delayed federal tax refund checks, but saw sales strengthen throughout the quarter,” Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said in a statement. Shares of Wal-Mart rose to US$76.10 in pre-market trade. As of yesterday’s close, the stock had risen 8.7 per cent so far this year. Wal-Mart’s performance, along with rival Target Corp’s results on Wednesday, bucked a string of weak results by department store retailers like Macy’s Inc. Yesterday, Target reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and sales, and set an optimistic tone for the year. Wal-Mart said sales at US stores open at least a year rose 1.4 per cent, excluding fuel price fluctuations, and was the 11th consecutive quarterly increase. Analysts were expecting a 1.3 per cent increase, according to Consensus Metrix. Online sales rose 63 per cent in the first quarter, which was higher than 29 per cent growth in the fourth quarter. The company said most of the growth was from its existing online operations rather than from acquisitions. Online sales added 0.8 percentage points to the first quarter comparable sales gain. To accelerate its e-commerce business and narrow the widening gap with rival Amazon.com Inc, Wal-Mart has been acquiring small online retail startups. It has acquired three companies so far this year and is currently in talks with small online clothing retailer Bonobos. “We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we’re capable of,” said Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon. Earnings per share was US$1 in the first quarter ended on April 30, exceeding the analysts’ average estimate of 96 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Consolidated net income fell to US$3.04 billion from US$3.08 billion due to an increase a higher tax rate. Quarterly revenue rose 1.4 per cent to US$117.5 billion, slightly lower than analysts expectations of US$117.7 billion due to a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. Revenue grew 2.8 per cent on a currency neutral basis. For the second quarter, Wal-Mart said it expected an increase of 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent in US same-store sales. It forecast earnings per share of US$1 to US$1.08, against market expectations of US$1.07. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Singapore Airlines loses as flyers swap champagne for cheap seats Is the US trade deficit destroying jobs? Ringgit extends losses to open lower against US dollar Bursa snaps losing streak to open marginally higher PM: Malaysia and Indonesia will retaliate against countries which boycott palm oil Malaysia eyes sale of Proton as Dr M’s auto power dream dies AirAsia, Everbright JV to establish LCC in China (VIDEO) Ibrahim International Business District to boost Johor Baru's competitiveness Malindo Air to take Batik Air name MOUs for RM31b investments signed in China Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: Uma Thurman dazzles on red carpet in Cannes See the final trailer for ‘The Mummy’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Wal-Mart close to settling bribe probe for US$300m Wal-Mart’s leadership expands exec roles in online push Run-DMC founder sues Amazon.com, Wal-Mart for US$50m US Cyber Monday sales jump, set to surpass initial estimate (VIDEO) Wal-Mart will offer Cyber Monday deals starting Black Friday (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
About US Contact US Registration Thursday May 18th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Walmart U.S. Q1 comps1 grew 1.4% and Walmart U.S. eCommerce GMV grew 69% By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 18, 2017  /  Comments Off on Walmart U.S. Q1 comps1 grew 1.4% and Walmart U.S. eCommerce GMV grew 69%       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: Walmart Headline: Walmart U.S. Q1 comps1 grew 1.4% and Walmart U.S. eCommerce GMV grew 69% Company reports Q1 FY18 diluted EPS of $1.00 Digital Press Kit View the presentation, transcript and related photos Diluted EPS was $1.00, an increase of 2% over last year.Total revenue was $117.5 billion, an increase of 1.4%. Excluding currency2, total revenue was $118.8 billion, an increase of 2.5%.Walmart U.S. comp sales1 increased 1.4%, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5%. Comp traffic increased 3.0% on a two-year stacked basis.E-commerce growth at Walmart U.S. was strong as sales and GMV increased 63% and 69%, respectively. The majority of this growth was organic through Walmart.com. Net sales at Walmart International were $27.1 billion, a decrease of 3.5%. Excluding currency2, net sales were $28.3 billion, an increase of 0.8%.The company generated $5.4 billion in operating cash flow and returned $3.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.Key results (Amounts in millions, except as noted) Q1 FY18Q1 FY17$ Change% Change Revenue $117,542 $115,904 $1,638 1.4% Revenue (constant currency)2 $118,750 $115,904 $2,846 2.5% Operating income $5,237 $5,275 -$38 -0.7% Operating income (constant currency)2 $5,343 $5,275 $68 1.3% Free Cash Flow Q1 FY18 $ Change Returns to Shareholders Q1 FY18 % Change Operating cash flow $5,385 -$808 Dividends $1,549 -1.5% Capital expenditures $1,990 -$219 Share repurchases3 $2,185 -20.1% Free cash flow2 $3,395 -$589 Total $3,734 -13.3% GuidanceSecond quarter fiscal year 2018 EPS: $1.00 to $1.08, which excludes an estimated net benefit of approximately $0.05 from the sale of Suburbia, the company’s apparel format in Mexico.Comp sales for the 13-week period ending July 28, 2017:Walmart U.S. (ex. fuel)2: +1.5% to +2.0%Sam’s Club (ex. fuel)2: +1.0% to +1.5%1 Represents Walmart U.S. comparable sales excluding fuel. Including fuel, Walmart U.S. comparable sales are 1.5%. See additional information at the end of this release regarding non-GAAP financial measures.2 See additional information at the end of this release regarding non-GAAP financial measures.3 $7.0 billion remaining of $20 billion authorization approved in October 2015. The company repurchased approximately 31 million shares in Q1 fiscal 2018.Segment resultsWalmart U.S.   Q1 FY18 Q1 FY17 $ Change& ChangeNet sales $75,436 $73,295 $2,141 2.9% Comp sales (ex. fuel)1,2 1.4% 1.0% 40 bps N/A Traffic 1.5% 1.5% 0 bps N/A Ticket -0.1% -0.5% 40 bps N/A E-commerce ~80 bps ~20 bps ~60 bps N/A Operating income $4,269 $4,232 $37 0.9% Walmart International Q1 FY18 Q1 FY17 $ Change % Change Net sales $27,097 $28,083 -$986 -3.5% Net sales (constant currency)1 $28,296 $28,083 $213 0.8% Operating income $1,163 $1,164 -$1 -0.1% Operating income (constant currency)1 $1,269 $1,164 $105 9.0% Sam’s Club Q1 FY18 Q1 FY17 $ Change % Change Net sales $13,993 $13,608 $385 2.8% Comp sales (ex. fuel)1,2 1.6% 0.1% 150 bps N/A Traffic 1.1% -0.2% 130 bps N/A Ticket 0.5% 0.3% 20 bps N/A E-commerce ~80 bps ~60 bps ~20 bps N/A Operating income $414 $413 $1 0.2% 1 See additional information at the end of this release regarding non-GAAP financial measures.2 13-week period ended April 28, 2017, compared to 13-week period ended April 29, 2016, and excludes fuel.Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.Investor Relations contactSteve Schmitt (479) 258-7172Media Relations contactRandy Hargrove (800) 331-0085Along with this press release, Walmart makes available a recorded call with executive leaders and a financial presentation to review business results, provide strategic updates, and comment on expectations for the future. We provide that call in both audio form and in a written transcript. Details on accessing the call are as follows: 877-523-5612 (U.S. and Canada)201-689-8483 (other countries)Passcode: 9256278 (Walmart)MP3 @ stock.walmart.comThe call is archived at stock.walmart.com     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 18, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 18, 2017 @ 11:44 pm Filed Under: Business, Canada, Commerce, Consumer Goods, Economics, English, Fiscal Updates, Global Economy, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Walmart NEXT ARTICLE → BT network to fuel growth at VARO About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Walmart U.S. Q1 comps1 grew 1.4% and Walmart U.S. eCommerce GMV grew 69% BT network to fuel growth at VARO Economy: Continued slowdown in productivity growth weighs down on living standards Poland: Staff Concluding Statement of the 2017 Article IV Mission Minister of Railways Inaugurates Round Table Conference with Non Railway Stakeholders on Railway Security Issues © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Walmart Q1 EPS Up, Tops View; Sees Higher Comps In Q2 5/18/2017 8:04 AM ET Retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) reported Thursday lower net profit in its first quarter with weak international segment results. Earnings per share however, increased and topped market estimates with higher comp sales. Looking ahead, for the second quarter, the company projects higher comp sales. In pre-market activity on the NYSE, Wal-Mart shares were gaining 2.10 percent to $76.70. President and CEO Doug McMillon said, "We delivered a solid first quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year. We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers. Our plan is gaining traction..." For the second quarter, the company projects earnings per share of $1.00 to $1.08, which excludes an estimated net benefit of approximately $0.05 from the sale of Suburbia, the company's apparel format in Mexico. On average, 29 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected earnings of $1.07 per share. Analysts' estimates typically exclude special items. For the 13-week period ending July 28, the company projects comp sales at Walmart U.S. to grow 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent and Sam's Club to grow 1 percent to 1.5 percent, both excluding fuel. In its first quarter, consolidated net income attributable to Walmart dropped 1.3 percent to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion last year. Earnings per share, however, grew 2 percent to $1 from $0.98 last year, with lower share count. Analysts expected earnings of $0.96 per share. Operating income edged down 0.7 percent to $5.24 billion from last year's $5.28 billion, mainly reflecting lower income at international segment. Total revenue, comprising net sales and Membership and other income, was $117.54 billion, an increase of 1.4 percent from last year's $115.90 billion. Excluding currency, total revenue increased 2.5 percent. Analysts were looking for revenues of $117.7 billion for the quarter. Net sales grew 1.3 percent to $116.53 billion, and Membership and other income climbed 10.7 percent. In the quarter, Walmart U.S. net sales grew 2.9 percent from last year to $75.44 billion, and comp sales without fuel increased 1.4 percent, on top of a 1 percent rise last year. With fuel, Walmart U.S. comp sales grew 1.5 percent. The positive results were driven by a traffic increase of 1.5 percent, while ticket dropped 0.1 percent. Comp traffic increased 3.0 percent on a two-year stacked basis. E-commerce growth at Walmart U.S. was strong Net sales at Walmart International were $27.1 billion, a decrease of 3.5 percent. Excluding currency, net sales edged up 0.8 percent. At Sam's Club, net sales increased 2.8 percent from last year to $13.99 billion, and comp sales without fuel increased 1.6 percent. With fuel, comp sales grew 3 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Dubai For Lunch? The 10 Longest Non-Stop Flights On Earth The 10 Worst Countries in the World For Health Care Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets May Surprise You Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories Company Spotlight: GlycoMimetics European Shares Seeking Rebound Asian Markets Exhibit Mixed Trend Gainers & Losers Of May 18: ACHN, IMGN, GTHX, ELGX, NLNK... Disney Won't Pay "Pirates" Ransom To Hackers Spurs Fan Sues Over Kawhi Leonard Injury Southwest: Aloha To Hawaii Next Year? Trump Reiterates Claim Russia Investigation Is A Witch Hunt Bargain Hunting Contributes To Rebound On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Lidl To Rival Aldi And Walmart, Bringing 5,000 Jobs To U.S. FCC Votes To Move Forward With Efforts To Roll Back Net Neutrality Chaffetz Reportedly Set To Announce Early Departure From Congress Government Looking To Settle Wolf Of Wall Street Case Trump Administration Announces Intent To Renegotiate NAFTA Stocks Remain Mostly Positive Following Early Rebound - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        94 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Lidl To Rival Aldi And Walmart, Bringing 5,000 Jobs To U.S. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Is Up After Q1 Profit Surpassed Expectations EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Q1 Earnings Report The 10 Most Beloved Credit Cards, Ranked Report : Wal-Mart Close To Resolving Bribery Probe For $300 Mln Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed FCC Votes To Move Forward With Efforts To Roll Back Net Neutrality Fox News Mastermind Roger Ailes Has Died GM Quits India, South Africa Household Debt Rises Above 2008 Peak Walmart Q1 EPS Up, Tops View; Sees Higher Comps In Q2 Alex Jones Apologizes To Chobani, Settles Lawsuit Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View Valeant, Activis Call Truce Over Xifaxan Biz Stone To Save The Day At Twitter? Ford Cutting White-Collar Jobs, Mostly Via Buyouts Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video Facebook Refunds Some Advertisers After Measurement Error AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Gainers & Losers Of May 16: AKBA, MTFB, TTNP, IMUC, CAPR... Gainers & Losers Of May 15: CBMG, ETRM, ALNY, EGRX, ONCS... Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video SNDX Rises On Entinostat Data, Kalydeco Gets FDA Nod, Concert Fails To Enthrall Gainers & Losers Of May 17: SNDX, PULM, PBYI, CNCE, XLRN... AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR Riding High: Hortonworks Inc. U.S. Dips On Fragile States Index; South Sudan Most Fragile State Lyft, Waymo Sign Collaboration Deal On Self-driving Cars Court Says Google Is Not Generic Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View MP3 Creators Declare Format Dead General Mills Giving Away Marshmallow-Only Lucky Charms K3 Business Now Sees FY Results Significantly Below Market View; Stock Plunges SGL Carbon Backs Net Loss Forecast For FY17; Sees Higher Sales - Quick Facts Baby Wipes Recalled For Mold Risk The TJX Companies, Inc. Q1 Income Climbs 5% AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Lyndon Rive, Former SolarCity CEO, To Leave Tesla ABN AMRO Intends To Appoint Abrahams As Member Of Executive Board And CFO EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Clean Diesel Technologies Inc. Q1 Earnings Report Johnson & Johnson Posting Strong Gain On Upgrade By JPMorgan Ionis Pharmaceuticals Posting Steep Loss In Afternoon Trading Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Auto parts maker to bring 300 jobs to Hegewisch Close 1 of 2 Alan Diaz In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, customers head to the parking lot after shopping at a Wal-Mart, in Hialeah, Fla. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) Danny Johnston FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) AP Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer May 18, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago Alan Diaz In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, customers head to the parking lot after shopping at a Wal-Mart, in Hialeah, Fla. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) Danny Johnston FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio _____ Elements of the story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Earnings Reports Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Business Latest in section Many women think men are the better investors; they're not What Happened When Twitter Tried to Copy Snapchat 3 Great Reasons to Sell GameStop Corp. Stock Fox News founder Roger Ailes died of complications from fall Greitens calls Missouri lawmakers into special session More on this topic Many women think men are the better investors; they're not What Happened When Twitter Tried to Copy Snapchat 3 Great Reasons to Sell GameStop Corp. Stock Fox News founder Roger Ailes died of complications from fall Greitens calls Missouri lawmakers into special session Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Gunfire led to Highland standoff, police say Police: Infidelity behind Portage shooting Jewel attempting to buy Strack & Van Til for $100 million Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville 25-year-old St. John woman killed in car crash Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +14 World News Photos: Desperation spurs innovation in Venezuelan protests 219 The 53 best movies of the 1940s +14 World News Photos: Shrines mark tragedy on Greece's deadly roads Rangers win MLB-best 9th game in a row, 8-4 over Phillies Baez hits grand slam, Bryant homers as Cubs beat Reds 9-5 Fleury or Murray? Sullivan keeps quiet on goalie situation Toronto CF Kevin Pillar suspended 2 games for anti-gay slur Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Quality Floors Of America 1421 E Summit St, Crown Point, IN 46307 American Dream Tours 901 Lincolnway E, Plymouth, IN 46563 Stevenson and Fairchild OMS 61 West 86th Avenue, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Indiana Botanic Gardens Inc 3401 E Ridge Rd, Hobart, IN 46342 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Stevenson and Fairchild OMS Do you need dental surgery? Stevenson & Fairchild OMS in Merrillville, IN has been providing quality patient care for over 25 years! - (219) 736-1401 May 4, 2017 Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant Getting married? Need a chapel? Call Free Spirit Church today at (219) 663-3900. May 4, 2017 Jamila D. Miller, D.D.S., M.S.D. Catering to the dental needs of kids requires a special touch. Call Dr. Jamila Miller and schedule your childs appointment today! May 4, 2017 Chesterton Toys Have you seen the new games at Chesterton Toys? Stop by today! May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2017 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Netflix Tells Pirates to Walk the Plank NFLX refused to pay a hacker's ransom Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 5 Ways Early Retirement Can Boost Social Security Benefits Here's how to plan strategically My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Wal-Mart's quarterly same-store sales beat estimates May 18, 2017, 07:40:00 AM EDT By Reuters Reuters UPDATE 1-Wal-Mart's quarterly same-store sales beat estimates 
(Adds performance details and share movement)
    By Nandita BoseCHICAGO, May 18 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> on
Thursday reported slightly higher-than-expected quarterly sales
at established U.S. stores as customer visits increased and
online purchases accelerated.
    Earnings per share came to $1 in the first quarter ended on
April 30, exceeding the analysts' average estimate of 96 cents,
according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Consolidated net income
fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to an increase in
the tax rate.
    Wal-Mart said sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose
1.4 percent, excluding fuel price fluctuations. Analysts were
expecting a 1.3 percent increase, according to Consensus Metrix.
   For the second quarter, Wal-Mart said it expected a rise of
1.5 percent to 2 percent in U.S. same-store sales. It forecast
earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, against market expectations
of $1.07.
    Online sales rose 63 percent, an acceleration from previous
quarters. The company said most of the growth was from its
existing online operations rather than from acquisitions.
    Wal-Mart's performance, along with rival Target Corp's
<TGT.N> results on Wednesday, bucked a string of weak results by
department store retailers like Macy's Inc <M.N>. On Wednesday,
Target reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and
sales and set an optimistic tone for the year. [nL4N1IJ3HF]
    Shares of Wal-Mart were up 1.2 percent at $76 before the
market opened. As of Wednesday's close, the stock had risen 8.7
percent so far this year.

 (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicag; Editing by W Simon and
Lisa Von Ahn)
 ((nandita.bose@thomsonreuters.com; +13124088726; Reuters
Messaging: nandita.bose.reuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: WALMART RESULTS/ (UPDATE 1, PIX)
 This article appears in: World Markets , Stocks Referenced Symbols: M , TGT , WMT More from Reuters Subscribe Old Navy helps Gap sail through retail gloom Wal-Mart sales get boost from online growth, customer visits Wal-Mart's online sales, customer visits rise; shares hit 52-week high Related stocks Articles Subscribe Nvidia: This Could Work Out Great, Says Bernstein 5/19/2017 02:03 AM DBS Vickers Dumps UOL, Adds Keppel REIT 5/19/2017 01:22 AM Stocks Take a Chill Pill 5/19/2017 01:14 AM See headlines for M Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated BREAKINGVIEWS-Running government like business proves difficult Sapiens Reports Q1 2017 Financial Results Amazon.com, Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Northern Dynasty: Pebble Partnership achieves settlement with US S.Korea orders Hyundai, Kia to recall vehicles after whistleblower Amarin Announces Expanded Research Relationships and Studies to Help... NERETA to Host National Summit on June 14 and 15, 2017 that is Aimed... Enfuce and Gemalto bring mobile authentication services within reach... Facebook's (FB) Instagram Copies Snapchat Features Yet Again Markley and Cray Partner to Provide Supercomputing as a Service View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Stocks Referenced M 69% Rate It TGT 85% Rate It WMT 71% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart Hits New 52-Week Highs As Q1 Impresses Investors Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 18, 2017 7:53am   Comments Share: Related WMT A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Down Ahead Of Wal-Mart Earnings 10 Stocks To Watch For May 18, 2017 Summit Global Investments Buys Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Fidelity National Information Services Inc, ... (GuruFocus) Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) were trading higher by more than 3 percent early Thursday morning after the company reported first-quarter results. Should the stock hold on to its pre-market gains, it will open above its prior 52-week high of $77.05. Wal-Mart reported earned $1.00 per share in the quarter on revenue of $117.5 billion; Analysts were expecting the world's largest retailer to earn $0.96 per share on revenue of $117.7 billion. Operating income on a constant currency basis rose 1.3 percent from the same quarter a year ago to $5.343 billion as U.S., partially aided by a 1.4 percent increase in U.S. comps and a 1.5 percent increase in traffic. By segment, Wal-Mart U.S. sales rose 2.9 percent from a year ago to $75.436 billion, Wal-Mart International sales fell 3.5 percent to $27.097 billion, and Sam's Club sales rose 2.8 percent to $13.993 billion. Wal-Mart also generated $5.4 billion in operating cash flow in the quarter, returned $1.549 billion in dividends to shareholders and repurchased $2.185 billion worth of its own stock. Looking forward to the fiscal second quarter, Wal-Mart guided its earnings per share to a range of $1.00 to $1.08, while analysts were already modeling an earnings per share of $1.07. "We delivered a solid first quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year," Doug McMillon, President and CEO, Walmart said. "We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers. Our plan is gaining traction, and I want to thank our associates for their hard work, ingenuity and commitment to our customers. Our customers have choices, and we have to earn their business with every interaction." See Also: Cramer Likes Ralph Lauren's 'Highly Respected' And 'Very Accomplished' New CEO Retail Analyst Says Target Isn't Out Of The Woods Just Yet Image: Mike Mozart, Flickr Posted-In: Doug McMillon retail earnings retailers Sams Club WalmartEarnings News Guidance Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Down Ahead Of Wal-Mart Earnings 10 Stocks To Watch For May 18, 2017 Earnings Scheduled For May 18, 2017 Safe Havens Sought, Volatility Up Sharply, As Political Concerns Swirl Earnings Season Isn't Over Yet: Target And Wal-Mart Report This Week The Stock Market Finds New Highs As Retail Earnings Ramp Up View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 NVDA, AMD: Intel Has Reportedly Ditched Nvidia For Advanced Micro Devices 2 NVDA, INTC: AMD Downgraded, Analyst Thinks Intel Deal Is 'Unlikely' 3 IPDN, AKBA: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 KEP, BBRY: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-M... 5 AMD: AMD's Product Road Map Remains  ... 6 NVDA, INTC: Advanced Micro Devices Sharpl... 7 BAYRY, BMY: Citi Prefers These... 1 QRVO, MLCO: 4 Stocks Moving On Both News & Technicals 2 HIBB, CSCO: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Down Ahead Of Wa... 3 LSXMK, BX: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From May 17: Sir... 4 C, URI: Starbucks, Gold Miners, Utilities And More: F... 5 BAC, VZ: Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On Bank... 6 IWM: Dan Deming's Russell 2000 ETF Trade 7 BABA, CSCO: 10 Stocks To Watch For Ma... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The Top 11 Analysts On TipRanks And What They Cover
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores by: ANNE D\'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer Updated: May 18, 2017 - 12:16 PM BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup - cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio _____ Elements of the story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores The Latest: Trump denies asking Comey to shelve Flynn probe Amid cancer recurrence, Holly Rowe gets extension at ESPN Trump Labor secretary tells G-20: More apprenticeships in US Basquiat painting fetches record $110.5M at New York auction News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» Business FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores Add to ... Anne D'Innocenzio BENTONVILLE, Ark. — The Associated Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:15AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 1:29PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 per cent, dramatically up from the 29 per cent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 per cent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favour of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 per cent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 per cent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 per cent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio _____ Elements of the story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   AMZN-QAmazon.com Inc Latest Price$958.49 0.00 (0.00%) TJX-NTJX Companies Inc Latest Price$74.48 0.00 (0.00%) KSS-NKohls Corp Latest Price$37.05 0.00 (0.00%) JCP-NJ C Penney Company Inc Latest Price$4.49 0.00 (0.00%) M-NMacy's Inc Latest Price$22.76 0.00 (0.00%) WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$77.54 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Kohl's Corporation Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Standard & Poor's Limited Zacks Investment Research China Target Corporation The TJX Companies, Inc. Amazon.com, Inc. Macy's, Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Protesters, security forces clash in Venezuela Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers May 19: Your daily horoscope Kelly: Pillar suspension doesn't address baseball's continued intolerance X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores By Associated Press Published: 07:59 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 13:20 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world's largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That's a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. FILE - In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart's report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy's, Kohl's, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart's results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. "Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy," Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That's up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, "the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." "The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said McMillon. "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon's juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup - cheaper for the company than delivering to people's homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It's also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company's estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio _____ Elements of the story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, customers head to the parking lot after shopping at a Wal-Mart, in Hialeah, Fla. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports earnings, Thursday, May 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Asda claims progress as it stems rate of sales decline thanks to targeted price cuts Asda Jon Yeomans 18 May 2017 • 1:00pm Asda has claimed its targeted price cuts are helping lure shoppers back through its doors, after several years in the doldrums. Like-for-like sales - which compare stores open for more than a year - fell 2.8pc in the 13 weeks to April 28, marking an 11th consecutive quarter of declines at the UK’s third biggest grocer. However this was a marginal improvement on the 2.9pc slide in the previous quarter, and on the 5.8pc tumble it recorded in the three months before that. Total sales rose 0.9pc, but operating income declined, although Asda’s parent company, US retail giant Wal-Mart declined to give further detail. Wal-Mart said Asda was “beginning to see improved customer traffic numbers and basket trends as we make strategic investments” in prices. Sean Clarke joined Asda last July Under boss Sean Clarke, who was parachuted in from Wal-Mart’s Chinese operations last year to steer Asda’s turnaround, the grocer has stopped short of launching an all-out price war on rivals. Instead it has focused on selected price cuts averaging 15pc on everyday favourites, as well as on improving service and availability.   Mr Clarke said Asda was “delivering more consistently” for its customers. “Despite this progress we are in no way complacent and there is still much for us to do,” Mr Clarke said. “Our colleagues continue to make improvements for our customers every day.” Asda sales Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon said Asda’s team was “executing their plan”. “We are navigating our way back to a position of strength in that highly competitive market,” he added. Asda has lagged its ‘big four’ rivals Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons in recent years as the UK grocery sector responds to the challenge of German discounters Aldi and Lidl, which have taken the “everyday low pricing” model to its extreme. Critics have argued that Wal-Mart has extracted too much money from the chain, resulting in falling store standards and demoralised staff. However recent industry data from Kantar Worldpanel revealed that Asda recorded its first year-on-year sales growth since October 2014, with sales in the 12 weeks ending April 23 inching up 0.8pc. Meanwhile like-for-like sales at Wal-Mart’s US stores beat expectations in the first quarter and it recorded its fastest growth in online revenue in five years, as the retailer looks to challenge the dominance of Amazon in digital shopping. Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics Retail and Consumer industry Supermarkets Asda Amazon Show more Galleries Gallery 17 May 2017, 5:54pm Gallery: Homes with the most gorgeous gardens to rival Chelsea Flower Show Gallery 15 May 2017, 5:35pm Gallery: Ten top American fraudsters Gallery 15 May 2017, 5:29pm Gallery: Bernard Madoff: celebrity victims Business latest 19 May 2017, 7:30am Hang on to Royal Mail: the shares may have fallen but the dividend is up Premium 18 May 2017, 9:52pm Comment: Despite the Leftie rhetoric, the Tory manifesto has some pleasant surprises Allister Heath Premium 18 May 2017, 9:15pm Tory manifesto targets business as Theresa May signals more Government intervention 18 May 2017, 8:46pm Comment: Governments should stop trying to fix 'broken' markets Ryan Bourne Premium 18 May 2017, 8:23pm Comment: The Government needs to pick a good energy policy and stick to it, not launch another review Juliet Samuel Premium 18 May 2017, 8:02pm Comment: The Trump scandal has badly shaken Wall Street complacency  Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 18 May 2017, 7:57pm BMW and Toyota among four carmakers to pay $553m Takata settlement 18 May 2017, 6:36pm Comment: Nobody seems to care about Britain's debt anymore – not even the Conservatives Jeremy Warner Premium 18 May 2017, 6:23pm Pension experts hit back at Tory proposal for so-called 'Philip Green law'  18 May 2017, 6:20pm Social media sites face industry-wide levy in Conservative manifesto 18 May 2017, 6:19pm National Grid delivers record investment of £4.5bn 18 May 2017, 6:12pm Tories plan 'Cadbury clause' to protect UK business from aggresive foreign takeovers 18 May 2017, 6:03pm Tories pledge crackdown on executive pay 18 May 2017, 5:08pm Experian hails 'vibrant' market as it launches $600m share buyback 18 May 2017, 4:47pm Pound tops $1.30 for first time in eight months after UK retail sales smash forecasts, as FTSE 100 falls on US political jitters 18 May 2017, 4:41pm Tory plan to fold Serious Fraud Office into National Crime Agency comes under attack 18 May 2017, 4:28pm Sale agreed for Sports Direct warehouse agency Transline 18 May 2017, 4:17pm Conservatives turn to energy costs as price cap plans appear to soften 18 May 2017, 3:58pm Land Securities boosts revenues but warns on falling London rents 18 May 2017, 3:51pm Mothercare to shut 70 UK stores as it eyes digital future 18 May 2017, 3:33pm Fiat Chrysler shares crash on fears of 'dieselgate' court battle Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart beats on earnings as online sales surge Akin Oyedele May 18, 2017, 7:10 AM 2,162 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Images Walmart on Thursday reported first-quarter earnings and sales that topped analysts' expectations, boosted by strong online sales. America's largest brick-and-mortar retailer said gross merchandise volume in its e-commerce unit — the value of everything sold online — jumped by 69% compared with the same period last year. Walmart's acquisition of Jet.com as well as smaller companies including ModCloth and Shoebuy have beefed up its online results. With online sales growing at the fastest pace in at least five years, according to Bloomberg, Walmart appears to be gaining ground in its efforts to fight the threat from Amazon. Adjusted earnings came in at $1 a share, Walmart said in a statement, beating analysts' forecast for $0.96, according to Bloomberg. Sales at stores open for at least one year rose by 1.4%, ahead of the forecast for 1.3%. Walmart said grocery sales improved from the fourth quarter, offsetting a decline in general-merchandise sales that was partly because some tax refunds were delayed. The retailer's price war with Kroger and other competitors pared down its gross margin, which was flat. Walmart's stock fell by as much as 1.5% in premarket trading. The company said it expected second-quarter earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, below expectations, excluding a $0.05 benefit. More from Akin Oyedele: NOW WATCH: Animated map of what Earth would look like if all the ice melted Loading video... More: Walmart Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart beats on earnings as online sales surge Walmart beats on earnings as online sales surge Walmart on Thursday reported first-quarter... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wal-Mart sees online sales… Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores By The Associated Press May 18, 2017 1:16 pm 5 min read Share BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Wal-Mart saw online sales surge as it changed up its shipping offers, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in the most recent quarter even as retail overall is more competitive. The world’s largest retailer said Thursday that sales at established stores rose for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic rose for the tenth quarter in a row. That’s a contrast with many rivals that saw both those figures drop. Online sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent, dramatically up from the 29 percent growth in the previous quarter. Though the company has been buying up smaller internet retailers, Wal-Mart said a majority of the increase was through Walmart.com and was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. “We’re transforming to become more of a digital enterprise,” said Doug McMillon, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement Wal-Mart’s report stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, after chains like Macy’s, Kohl’s, J.C. Penney and Target saw declines in comparable-store sales. Even off-price retailer TJX Cos., which has done better than many as customers hunt for bargains, missed forecasts for that sales measure. And it underscores Wal-Mart’s efforts to narrow the gap between itself and online leader Amazon, and widen the distance between itself and other competitors. Retails bankruptcies are setting a record pace this year, and store closures are expected to exceed those of 2008 after the financial crisis. Research firm RetailMetrics, which tracks results from more than a hundred chains, said overall they are expected to record a flat increase in revenue at established stores for the quarter, the worst performance since the third quarter of 2009. Excluding Wal-Mart’s results, there would be a 0.8 percent decline. “Wal-Mart is effectively competing in a tough retail environment, and given its size, scale, and leverage will be able to stay the course on the current strategy,” Stifel analyst Mark S. Astrachan wrote in a note. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has retooled how it operates online, as customers get used to free shipping and other enticements that add costs and hurt the bottom line. It has also accelerated that shift with its acquisitions. Wal-Mart spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart.com, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller Moosejaw and trendy clothing seller ModCloth. The clothing sites are operating as stand-alone operators, separate from Walmart.com, and appeal to younger shoppers. The company is still looking for startups to buy. Since Lore joined the company, the number of items available, including on its third-party online marketplace, has risen to more than 50 million. That’s up 10 million from a year ago. Wal-Mart is working to accelerate the integration between Walmart.com and Jet.com, and trying to take advantage of its scale in areas like shipping. Congress asks: Are federal employees overpaid? McMillon said that while the acquisitions have garnered lots of attention, “the plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success.” “The majority of our growth is and will be organic,” said McMillon. “The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up.” Wal-Mart is aggressively trying to compete with Amazon’s juggernaut Prime membership, scrapping a fee-based shipping program test earlier this year in favor of free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore told reporters Thursday that Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. The Amazon Prime program costs $99 a year, but comes with services like streaming music and video. Amazon has countered, lowering the free-shipping minimum purchase price for non-members. In April, Wal-Mart also began offering discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to a store for pickup — cheaper for the company than delivering to people’s homes. Wal-Mart plans to expand the price cuts to more than a million items by the end of June. Even as it goes after Amazon online, Wal-Mart is shoring up its stores, working to make customer service friendlier and faster. It’s also trying to be more aggressive in having lower, consistent prices throughout the store. The company has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to decrease turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. For the first quarter, sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.5 percent, at the top end of the company’s estimated range. That was fueled by a customer traffic increase of 1.5 percent. Wal-Mart said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest sales performance in more than three years. Grocery is a key category because it drives shoppers frequently to the store and they are then likely to pick up other items. Wal-Mart reported first-quarter profit of $3.04 billion. On a per-share basis, it earned $1. The results beat Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to a poll by Zacks Investment Research. Revenue was $117.54 billion, just shy of the $117.63 billion analysts had expected. The company expects its per-share earnings to range from $1 to $1.08 for the current quarter. Analysts forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.07. Shares rose 2.5 percent, or $1.88, to $77. 00 in afternoon trading Thursday. ___ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio _____ Elements of the story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WMT at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WMT _____ Keywords: Wal-Mart Stores, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Related Topics Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wal-Mart sees online sales… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Republicans gearing up for major changes to federal pay and benefits Top Story EPA setting aside $12 million for VERA/VSIP amid remainder of FY17’s ‘challenging’ budget schedule Pay & Benefits Federal pay debate heads back to Capitol Hill this week Pay & Benefits $603 billion is the magic number for DoD in 2018 Defense News Postal regulatory agency to conclude postage review this fall Agency Oversight Fed Photo of the Day LEGO Statue of Liberty at American History Museum Today in History 1917: Congress passes the Selective Service Act THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 18, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8471 0.0082 2.24% L 2020 25.4136 0.0224 3.69% L 2030 28.2736 0.0398 5.24% L 2040 30.4210 0.0505 6.00% L 2050 17.4309 0.0333 6.69% G Fund 15.3231 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8445 -0.0223 1.75% C Fund 32.8855 0.1210 7.16% S Fund 42.4349 0.1570 5.78% I Fund 27.7660 -0.0192 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Walmart America's unequal future $6.40 an hour for nine years: how I got stuck in a career as a Walmart employee I believed that I would only be working at Walmart for a few months. I was wrong, but staying for so long taught me valuable life lessons ‘I felt like a failure with no future, no money, no assets, and lots of credit card debt’. Illustration: Rob Dobi ‘I felt like a failure with no future, no money, no assets, and lots of credit card debt’. Illustration: Rob Dobi Walmart America's unequal future $6.40 an hour for nine years: how I got stuck in a career as a Walmart employee I believed that I would only be working at Walmart for a few months. I was wrong, but staying for so long taught me valuable life lessons America's unequal future is supported by About this content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Robert M Galbreath Thursday 18 May 2017 07.00 EDT Last modified on Thursday 18 May 2017 09.48 EDT “You don’t know shit!” is a hard lesson to swallow, but it was one of the first things I learned when I started my nine-year career as a sales and inventory control associate at a Walmart in Laramie, Wyoming. When I was hired by the company at $6.40 an hour, I believed I would only be working there for a few months before I landed a cool gig at a non-profit in Denver, or had my manuscript discovered by Random House. I had dropped out of college to pursue my dream of becoming the next Stephen King. I thought I was wise beyond my years and looked down on many of my new co-workers: soon I would be living in Denver, Santa Fe, or even New York City while they would still be stuck at the local Walmart. Outclassed: how your neighbor’s income might affect your happiness Read more Of course, my Gothic novel was not picked up by a fancy publisher, and soon the harsh reality set in: no one would be hiring a kid from Wyoming with only a high school degree and no work experience in the midst of the recession. Almost nine years later, I was still working at the same store. I was broke, in debt, and Walmart was one of the few employment options in town. I earned around $2,000 a month after putting in a lot of hours and snatching up overtime whenever it was offered, working 11 days in a row or taking long shifts. After paying $475 for rent, $193 a month on my car, $75 per month for car insurance, utilities, phone, basic cable, food, minimum payments on my credit card debt that were over $100, taxes (single working people making over the poverty level usually do not get any tax deductions), and $230 a month for health insurance, I had little left over. I felt like a failure with no future, no money, no assets, and lots of credit card debt. The small savings I accumulated would quickly disappear into an emergency car repair for the six-mile round trip to work (especially necessary during the cold, windy winter), or were used to pay the doctor for necessary care out of my pocket because my health insurance plan had a $7,500 deductible. Walmart did offer steady hours and, if you could afford the deductions from your paycheck, provided health, dental, and disability insurance. We received paid sick days and vacation time – although you had to work an entire year before you were granted a single precious week of vacation. I was disillusioned with politicians on both sides of the aisle who didn’t seem to give a damn about people who weren’t in poverty but made less than $30,000 a year. I made too much to qualify for federal tax credits to buy inexpensive health insurance under Obamacare. My premiums rose every year, and soon health insurance was my second highest personal expenditure after rent. Politicians gave lip service to tax cuts and programs for the “middle class,” but never seemed to mention the “working class.” And before you ask why I did not do everything I could to leave, well – I truly felt working at Walmart was the only option open to me at the time. Few places in town offered the steady hours and limited benefits that Walmart did. I lacked the self-confidence to return to college as a non-traditional student, had limited financial resources to move to a different city, and perhaps most importantly, I didn’t believe I had any social connections outside of Laramie to help me start a new life somewhere else. These factors fueled anger and resentment. I am ashamed that on occasion, in order to hide my own personal frustrations and insecurities about my queerness, I participated in racism, sexism, and homophobia in an attempt to fit in with the guys at work. However, most of my anger was directed at older co-workers who had worked at Walmart for a long time. My biggest fear was becoming one of “them,” a “lifer” stuck at Walmart, and I treated them with contempt. Thankfully, a co-worker named Nathan taught me humility, kindness and respect for those who worked hard and cared about their jobs in the low paying service sector. A year into my Walmart career, Nathan and I were unloading a refrigerated truck, or “reefer.” No one liked that task. Hauling unstable pallets stacked 9ft high with several tons of dairy and frozen goods from a frigid, dark trailer with a handheld pallet jack was hard work. Plus, the drivers were often cranky after battling Wyoming’s endless headwinds on long hauls across the state’s vast expanses. Nathan was older than me (no one knew his exact age – he told us he was born on a leap year and was about 12 years old). He grew up on a nearby ranch and never went to college. His parents died decades ago and left him with crippling property taxes and mortgages on the family property. He ended up at Walmart after he was laid off from a local lumber factory when the company folded without notice and left the workers without their last paycheck. Nathan firmly believed that any form of federal intervention in his personal life was “communism.” His idea of foreign policy was to “blast the Middle East into one big, gleaming sheet of glass.” That evening, the truck driver informed Nathan and I that we had to move pallets that belonged to another store to access our freight. Walmart was cutting down on mileage and truck routes, and the trailers were packed to the breaking point with deliveries. As a result, we often had to play a strenuous game of musical chairs with pallets to get our freight unloaded. That day, our only option was to haul the pallets down a long narrow hall lined with 50lb bags of dog food, through a swinging door, and into the meat preparation room. Our shift was nearly over. The driver was pacing around the backroom, shouting at us to get the trailer unloaded before his hair turned gray. “Screw the rules,” Nathan said, “Let’s leave the other store’s pallets right here and get the job done before the driver has a coronary.” I disagreed and insisted that we follow the rules and take the freight to the meat prep room. I was not about to let this lifer tell me what to do. “We have to do this my way,” I said, “I know what I’m doing!” “You don’t know shit!” Nathan shouted back. I immediately threatened to call a manager, and started down the hallway with my pallet. Nathan eventually followed behind, cursing me all the way to the meat room. I yanked my pallet hard through the swinging doors. The top layer of freight caught in the doorway and boxes of grape juice went flying. The floor in the meat room was wet and I slipped and fell back hard, the wind knocked out of me. I lay there, my tailbone and my pride sore, water soaking my workpants. Nathan quietly came into the prep room. He asked if I was OK, gently pulled me to my feet, and helped me clean up. Nathan never told anyone about my humiliation, and I never disrespected him again. Over the years, I learned that Nathan was quick to forgive, and would drop everything to assist anyone who needed help. Despite his not-so-politically-correct, rightwing remarks and jokes, Nathan greeted and talked to everyone he encountered with genuine respect and kindness, regardless of that person’s age, gender, or ethnicity. Soon we started to enjoy each other’s company at work.As a team we unloaded hundreds of trucks, stocked millions of cases of freight, and solved the endless daily crises that came up at work. And eventually, I got the courage up to take out loans and finish my undergraduate studies at the local university. I quit Walmart after my acceptance into a graduate program that offered free health insurance and paid a stipend comparable to what I made working full-time. My decision was motivated largely by a friendship I formed with another co-worker named Ryan. We hung out because we had a lot in common: we were both quiet, shared a birthday, were left-handed, and liked similar music and books. After years of working in fast food, Ryan had made the decision to return to school and was working to fund his education. Despite the financial obstacles and his own personal fears, he took a big step to change his life. I had a lot of respect for him, and eventually my desire for him to return my admiration led me to change my life. I don’t miss unloading trucks, but I do not regret the years I spent working at Walmart, especially because of the lessons my co-workers taught me: humility, patience, and respect for those scratching out a living in the low-paying retail sector. Topics Walmart America's unequal future Retail industry Wyoming Inequality features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › Walmart back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Earnings Calendar Surprises Highlights Ideas Wal-Mart earnings top Street estimates as retailer's digital sales jump 63% Here's what the company reported vs. what the Street was expecting: Earnings per share: $1.00, excluding items, vs. expectations for 96 cents, according to Thomson Reuters analysts. Revenue: $117.5 billion vs. a forecast for $117.74 billion, analysts said. Same-store sales: 1.4 percent growth at U.S. stores Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 18 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wal-Mart posts mixed Q1 results    19 Hours Ago | 02:22 Wal-Mart's U.S. business is thriving in a challenging environment, as aggressive pricing helped bring more shoppers into stores, while efforts to expand its digital business are paying off in robust growth. The retailer's U.S. comparable sales — an important metric for retail stocks — grew for the 11th consecutive quarter, climbing 1.4 percent compared with a FactSet estimate for 1.3 percent growth. Notably, Wal-Mart was also able to increase traffic to its U.S. stores again, at a time when others are seeing fewer shoppers. The retailer said its comparable sales traffic grew 3 percent, on a two-year stacked basis. Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales rose a whopping 63 percent, compared with 29 percent growth last quarter. Despite making a number of acquisitions, the majority of these sales were organic through Walmart.com, the company said. Shares of Wal-Mart were up 2.7 percent to $77.15 in early trading Thursday. Wal-Mart's total fiscal first-quarter revenue grew 1.4 percent, to $117.54 billion, falling slightly short of a $117.74 billion forecast by analysts. Earnings per share rose 2 percent to $1.00, up from 98 cents a year ago. The profit was higher than a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate for 96 cents a share. "Inside the company we can see that we're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping easier and more enjoyable for customers, but we can also see plenty of room to improve," Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said on Thursday's earnings conference call. The big-box retailer has been making strides to expand and improve its e-commerce platform. The company recently acquired Jet.com, bringing in new talent to help manage its digital operations. Jet.com's founder, Marc Lore, is now the CEO of Wal-Mart's e-commerce division. This comes at a time when Wal-Mart is locked in an online battle with players like Amazon and Target. Wal-Mart recently rolled out free two-day shipping for online orders over $35, prompting Amazon to slash its free-shipping threshold for shoppers who don't have a Prime membership. "We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we're capable of — so that's what we're focused on," McMillon went on. During the first quarter, Wal-Mart's online gross margin values rose 69 percent, management added. "E-commerce is working [for Wal-Mart]," Barclays food and staples retail analyst Karen Short told CNBC on Thursday morning. "And it's not coming at the expense of brick-and-mortar, because you need both to survive." Despite Amazon wanting to eat everyone's lunch, Wal-Mart stands out from its peers in being able to capture customers online, Short said. After its purchase of Jet.com, smaller acquisitions of sites like ModCloth and Moosejaw are evidence of this, she added. "Wal-Mart is definitely a winner." Source: Walmart At U.S. stores, the company said its grocery business continued to improve, with food categories delivering the strongest quarterly comparable sales performance in more than three years, due in part to a lack of market deflation in food. "From our data, Walmart is ... also picking up some customers from mainstream grocers," GlobalData Retail managing director Neil Saunders wrote in a note to clients. "The response to Walmart flexing its price muscles has been good, and we expect further small gains over the rest of this year. A more disciplined focus on low prices is also important as Aldi, and now Lidl, expand into the market." However, Wal-Mart's heavy discounting, coupled with lower sales of higher-ticket items at the start of the quarter, resulted in a slight decline in average ticket amounts. Meanwhile, all of Wal-Mart's U.S. store formats showed positive comparable sales to start the year, the company said. For example, Wal-Mart's Sam's Club's comparable sales, excluding fuel, rose 1.6 percent, while traffic grew by 1.1 percent. Digital growth at Sam's Club "Club Pickup" increased nearly 30 percent, the company reported. With respect to its international locations, sales were $27.1 billion for the first quarter, a decrease of 3.5 percent. Wal-Mart no longer reports an overarching global figure for its e-commerce growth, instead choosing to focus on the U.S. market. Its domestic online performance has been outpacing results overseas, the retailer has said. Seven of Wal-Mart's 11 international markets reported positive comps to start the year, CFO Brett Biggs told analysts and investors on the conference call. "There is a sense that Walmart is getting to grips with some of the issues, but we believe it will be some time before all parts of international make a solid contribution," Saunders said in the note. Wal-Mart said it now expects to earn between $1 and $1.08 per share during the second quarter, excluding a net benefit from the sale of Suburbia, the retailer's apparel format in Mexico. Thomson Reuters analysts had forecast earnings of $1.07 a share for this period. During the same period, U.S. same-store sales, excluding fuel, should grow between 1.5 and 2 percent, the company said. Sam's Club comparable sales are estimated to rise between 1 and 1.5 percent. "In our view, Walmart's investments in price, its focus on service in stores, and its omnichannel push are all paying dividends," Saunders added. "The delay in tax refunds, which resulted in lower sales of higher ticket merchandise over the early part of the quarter, put a small dent in growth, but not by enough to cause serious concern." For fiscal 2018, Wal-Mart has said it expects to earn between $4.20 and $4.40 a share. "Overall, [Wal-Mart's] investments have resulted in positive comparable store sales trends and improving traffic," Stifel analyst Mark Astrachan wrote in a recent note to clients. "Walmart's success, along with broadly weakening brick and mortar shopping trends, has caused competing retailers to respond with their own pricing actions." On Wednesday, big-box retail rival Target reported earnings, sales and comparable sales that topped Street expectations. Target is in the midst of a multiyear turnaround effort, as it attempts to compete with Wal-Mart's "Everyday Low Price" strategy and Amazon's encroaching presence over the industry. "While [Target] is not trying to directly undercut Walmart on prices, it is trying to use everyday lower prices on daily use items to drive customers into remodeled stores that provide a better experience than Walmart," Astrachan said. As of Wednesday's close, shares of Wal-Mart have climbed nearly 19 percent over the past 12 months and are up about 9 percent for the year-to-date period. WMT 12-month performance Source: FactSet Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- TGT --- WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES E3     Nintendo Switch At Walmart Online Shop Details Posted: May 18 2017, 4:56am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Credit: Getty Images   The Nintendo Switch will be on sale at Walmart.com on Friday again. The Walmart online shop has restocked the Nintendo Switch on a Friday for seven weeks in a row. Walmart's Nintendo Switch flash sale started usually at 5pm ET. There is no reason to believe that Walmart will not again sell the Switch on Friday. Amazon has restocked the Nintendo Switch on Wednesday, which means that Nintendo has shipped new inventory to US retailer. Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com Walmart will again offer the Nintendo Switch as part of a bundle with a game and accessory starting at $365. Walmart's Nintendo Switch bundle is much lower priced than the four Nintendo Switch bundles on sale by GameStop and Target. Through the Walmart app, customer can buy the $299 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con at Walmart without the bundle.  The Walmart Switch sale is extremely popular. To successfully purchase a Nintendo Switch console or the bundle, timing is everything. I was able last year to successfully place an order of the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con for $299. My happiness only lasted for a short time. Walmart has canceled the order. Walmart's support confirmed that the reason for the cancellation was lack of stock.  Walmart's inventory system does not react fast enough and the retailer is over selling in flash sale situations. There are numerous reports from Walmart customers who got their Switch order canceled. We are in the process to optimize our new Tracker app to react faster for the Walmart Switch stock changes. It is though advisable to be online minutes before 5pm ET and prepare for Walmart's Switch sale. Make sure you are logged into your Walmart account and your credit card information is correct. Also fire up the Walmart shopping app on your smartphone. We recommend to try to purchase both, the bundle and the console. It is not 100% verified if Walmart is honoring the console only orders through the Walmart app. I will be on hand again to try to place a successful Switch order on Friday. Please share your experience or success story in the comments below. Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months.  The Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, the new console sold out on launch day. Nintendo announced on April 27 that the company sold 2.74 million Nintendo Switch consoles to date. The Japanese video game company is now fully back on track and forecasts to sell 10 million Switch consoles in the next 12 months. In April, Nintendo sold 280,000 Switch consoles in the United States. The Switch is the best-selling console two month in a row. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rests in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region is playable on the Nintendo Switch. Big upcoming Switch games are Arms on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%.  The system includes the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two versions of the system are available: a console with a set of gray Joy-Con, and another with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-05-19 01:45:08am Offers Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Best Buy Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Target Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Gamestop Price: $299.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Neon Bundle Deals Gone 15 minutes ago Nintendo Switch ToysRUs Restock Sale Event Updates 39 minutes ago Original Nintendo NES Classic Controller In Stock at Amazon at Regular Price 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch Is Back in Stock at ToysRUs on Friday 11 hours ago, 1:55pm CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for May 18 12 hours ago, 1:44pm CDT E3 2017: Kingdom Hearts 3 Coming 15 hours ago, 10:33am CDT Nintendo Switch and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Tops Video Game Sales in April 15 hours ago, 10:13am CDT Play Overwatch Free on PC, PS 4 and Xbox One from May 26-29 15 hours ago, 10:04am CDT Must Have Lego that is Not from Lego 16 hours ago, 9:40am CDT First Look at iPhone 8 Final Design 16 hours ago, 9:12am CDT World's Thinnest Hologram Paves Way for Integration of 3-D Holography into Everyday Electronics 17 hours ago, 8:19am CDT Apple's iPhone Scores 92% Loyalty Rate Before iPhone 8 Launch 17 hours ago, 7:45am CDT Google Launches AI Powered Search Engine Google for Jobs 18 hours ago, 7:19am CDT Apple Watch Could Get Internal Glucose Monitoring 19 hours ago, 6:05am CDT Apple Has Filed a Patent on a Pizza Box 20 hours ago, 5:34am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch Availability Completely Changed Again at GameStop Amazon Echo Show Is Available for Pre-Order Now   Echo Show is Most Popular Device on Amazon The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online Technology News Nintendo Switch Neon Bundle Deals Gone 15 minutes ago Nintendo Switch ToysRUs Restock Sale Event Updates 39 minutes ago Original Nintendo NES Classic Controller In Stock at Amazon at Regular Price 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch Is Back in Stock at ToysRUs on Friday 11 hours ago, 1:55pm CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Nintendo Switch Neon Bundle Deals Gone 15 minutes ago Nintendo Switch ToysRUs Restock Sale Event Updates 39 minutes ago Original Nintendo NES Classic Controller In Stock at Amazon at Regular Price 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch Is Back in Stock at ToysRUs on Friday 11 hours ago, 1:55pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Target reimagines itself and Wall Street likes what it sees Business The Associated Press · New York · May 17, 2017 Jenny Kipka waited at the checkout line at Target in Roseville on Sept. 29, 2015. Matthew Hintz for MPR News 2015 Updated: 10:45 a.m. | Posted: 8:50 a.m. Target's first-quarter profits jumped almost 8 percent as attempts to turn its business around appear to be gaining some traction. Comparable-store sales fell for the fourth consecutive quarter, but the decline was nowhere near as bad as expected and online sales surged 22 percent. "We feel good about the fact that we significantly over-delivered versus expectations in the first quarter," CEO Brian Cornell told reporters during a conference call. "But we have several years of work in front of us and we have to stay very focused on execution each and every day." While growing online sales and rising profits pushed shares up more than 8 percent before the opening bell Wednesday, Cornell still needs to find a way to thrive in the face of intense pressure Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Facing those challenges, Target plans to spend $7 billion over the next three years, more than three times its typical capital expenditure, to remodel more than a third of its 1,800 stores, speed up its expansion of small-format stores, bolster online operations, and launch new brands. The company will also use stores as local distribution hubs — using the backroom storage areas to also house goods bought online directly to homes, or held there to be picked up by shoppers. Target is now using about 1,000 stores for direct shipping in a bid to match Amazon's free, two-day delivery available to its Prime customers. With those measures in place, Target said it expects profits to start growing again in 2019 after taking a hit of $1 billion this year to profit margins. "Things are better, not totally dire," said Edward Jones retail analyst Brian Yarbrough. "But they have a long ways to go to showing (Wall Street) they are on an improvement plan and show same-store sales positive consistently and grow earnings." Cornell had said Target wants to return to more consistent low prices on essentials to deepen loyalty among shoppers, a shift from the temporary discounts it had been promoting. That might look like it's stealing a page from Wal-Mart's playbook. But Cornell said Target is focusing on exclusive brands and the experience customers have in stores as well. All traditional retailers have struggled as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away. Under Cornell, Target had cut costs, revitalized its fashion and home decor sections, tested smaller formats, and expanded online services. But Cornell found those efforts were not paying off. As Target rebuilds, Wal-Mart is expected to post another quarter of rising customer traffic and increased same-store sales Thursday as its efforts to merge online sales with its vast number of stores click. Back in 2015, Wal-Mart warned that stepped-up investments in stores and in its employees would hurt profits. Those investments appear to be paying. Traffic and sales are booming at stores as a renewed emphasis on low prices has lured shoppers back. Target is also testing a program called Restock that lets its REDcard customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry. Target said Wednesday that it earned $681 million or $1.23 per share, for the quarter ended April 29. Earnings, adjusted for pretax gains and to account for discontinued operations, came to $1.21 per share, well below the 91 cents per share that Wall Street had expected according to FactSet. Revenue fell 1.1 percent to $16.02 billion, but still beat out analyst projections of $15.62 billion. Comparable store sales fell 1.3 percent, the fourth consecutive month of declines, but with the company retrenching, it was much better than the 3.7 percent decline that industry analysts had expected. Shares jumped $4.53 to $59.06, but they're still down more than 24 percent for the year. MPR News reporter Martin Moylan contributed to this report. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Chelsea Manning released after 7 years in military prison 24 hours ago Next The Supremes hit No. 1 with 'The Happening' before changing their name 24 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press May 18, 2017 3:29 am 7 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Asian stocks slide as Trump’s mounting woes rattle investors HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stock benchmarks skidded lower Thursday following Wall Street’s worst day in months as Washington’s political chaos made investors more nervous about risky assets and the outlook for President Donald Trump’s business-friendly proposals. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.4 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 0.4 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.3 percent and the Shanghai Composite index in mainland China dipped 0.4 percent. Benchmarks in Taiwan, New Zealand and most of Southeast Asia also lost ground. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement On Wall Street, major U.S. benchmarks suffered big losses. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index had its largest drop since September, sliding 1.8 percent to 2,357.03. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 1.8 percent to 20,606.93. The Nasdaq composite index gave up 2.6 percent to 6,011.24. THE DAY AHEAD Major business and economic events scheduled for Thursday WASHINGTON (AP) — The Labor Department reports Thursday on the number of people who applied for unemployment benefits last week. Freddie Mac reports on this week’s average U.S. mortgage rates. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Wal-Mart may tout its latest online shopping spree, as it’s expected to report another round of strong quarterly results. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. JAPAN-ECONOMY Japan economy expands at 2.2 percent annual pace in Jan-Mar TOKYO (AP) — Japan reports that its economy grew at a faster-than-expected 2.2 percent annual pace in January-March. Economists had forecast a strong expansion in the first quarter, helped by a recovery in exports and consumer spending. But most estimates had not topped 2 percent. The figures released Thursday are preliminary and likely to be revised. The economy grew at a 1.2 percent pace in the last quarter of 2016. Recent data suggest a weakening of corporate spending on factory equipment that may pull growth lower in the current quarter. On a quarterly basis, the economy expanded 0.5 percent. AUSTRALIA-FAIRFAX MEDIA 2 US private equity firms bid for Australia newspaper empire (Note: All monetary figures are in American dollars) CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia’s second-largest newspaper empire, Fairfax Media, announced Thursday that it has received rival takeover offers from two U.S. private equity investment firms. The Sydney-based multimedia company said a non-binding indicative offer was received Wednesday from San Francisco-based Hellman & Friedman at a price of between $0.9138 and $0.9325 per share. That offer values Fairfax at between $2.10 billion and $2.14 billion. TPG Group, also based in San Francisco, made an improved offer of $0.8952 per share on Monday that values the Australian company at $2.06 billion. TRUMP-DUBAI Donald Trump Jr., Dubai business partner discuss ‘new ideas’ DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Donald Trump Jr. traveled to Dubai and met a billionaire business partner in the city-state. They discussed “new ideas” as the Emirati’s real estate firm still lists possible plans for future joint projects while Trump’s father is in the White House. The Trump Organization has said it won’t make new foreign deals while Donald Trump serves as America’s 45th president. That didn’t affect the Trump International Golf Club in Dubai’s opening in February, while a previously planned Trump-branded golf course designed by Tiger Woods is still being built nearby. Both projects are being built by Dubai’s DAMAC Properties, owned by Emirati billionaire Hussain Sajwani. His company has paid the Trump Organization’s subsidiaries between $1 million to $5 million for the projects, according to a U.S. Federal Election Committee report submitted in May. GOOGLE SHOWCASE Google unveils latest tech tricks as computers get smarter MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) — Google’s computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world. And now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. CEO Sundar Pichai and other top executives brought Google’s audacious ambition into sharper focus Wednesday at an annual conference in Mountain View, California, attended by more than 7,000 developers. Among other things, Google unveiled new ways for its massive network of computers to identify images, as well as recommend, share, and organize photos. It also is launching an attempt to make its voice-controlled digital assistant more proactive and visual while expanding its audience to Apple’s iPhone, where it will try to outwit an older peer, Siri. EARNS-CISCO SYSTEMS Cisco Systems announces 1,100 more layoffs SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Cisco Systems Inc. said Wednesday that it is laying off 1,100 more workers, deepening job losses at the internet gear maker battling declining revenue. The new round of layoffs comes on top of the 5,500 jobs Cisco announced it was cutting in August. That amounted to about 7 percent of its workforce at the time. Cisco sells routers, switches, software and services business and has seen its business hurt as more of its corporate customers rely on remote data centers for their computing needs instead of online networks maintained on their own premises. The company based in San Jose, California, on Wednesday reported revenue of $11.94 billion for its fiscal third quarter that ended in April. That was down from $12 billion a year earlier. It said it expects its revenue to decline 4 to 6 percent in the quarter ending in July compared to the same 2016 period. TARGET-RESULTS Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon NEW YORK (AP) — Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though. CHOBANI-ALEX JONES-RETRACTION In reversal, radio host Alex Jones apologizes to Chobani BOISE, Idaho (AP) — Right-wing radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones says he has settled a lawsuit filed by Greek yogurt giant Chobani, reversing course from previous claims that he would never back down in the defamation case. Jones read a brief statement at the end of his radio show Wednesday saying he had retracted previous stories and tweets about Chobani. Chobani had argued in its lawsuit that Jones and his InfoWars website posted fabricated stories earlier this month that linked Chobani owner Hamdi Ulukaya and the company to a sexual assault case involving refugee children. The company filed the lawsuit in Idaho District Court in Twin Falls, where it operates the largest yogurt plant in the world. Jones added that he regretted mischaracterizing Chobani, its employees and the people of Twin Falls. STOLEN BEEHIVES Bee industry buzzing: Stolen hives recovered in California FRESNO, Calif. (AP) — The bee industry is buzzing over the arrest of a man accused of stealing thousands of hives worth nearly $1 million from California’s almond orchards in one of the biggest such thefts on record. The case has thrown a spotlight on a business many city slickers probably never knew existed: Beekeepers in the U.S. move their colonies around the country by truck and rent them out to farmers to pollinate their flowering crops. In California, which relies on bees brought in from such places as Missouri, Montana and North Dakota to produce more almonds than any other place in the world, hives began to vanish overnight across several counties three years ago. RALPH LAUREN-CEO Ralph Lauren names Procter & Gamble executive as CEO NEW YORK (AP) — Ralph Lauren Corp. has tapped Procter & Gamble beauty executive Patrice Louvet as its next CEO as the preppy fashion brand seeks to turn its business around. The company known for its polo shirts and pony logo said Wednesday that Louvet will start in July. He will replace Stefan Larsson, who announced in February that he would leave the New York-based company after less than two years in the job. Larsson was the first person other than company founder Ralph Lauren to hold the title. The two clashed over creative control, though Lauren said the decision to part was mutual. Shares of Ralph Lauren slipped $1.19 to close Wednesday at $72.75. They are down 19 percent so far this year. LAVAR BALL-SHOE MONEY LaVar Ball ups shoe deal asking price to $3 billion UNDATED (AP) — LaVar Ball has upped the ante. The outspoken father of former UCLA star Lonzo Ball said Wednesday on Fox Sport 1’s “The Herd with Colin Cowherd” that it will now cost a shoe company $3 billion to make a deal with his Big Baller Brand. That’s right: $3 billion. He also repeated that he wants Lonzo to play only for the Los Angeles Lakers, the hometown team that got the No. 2 pick Tuesday night in the NBA draft lottery. LaVar Ball said he has sold 400 to 500 pairs of the $495 ZO2 shoes, and has no need to market his products to women. Related Topics Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Republicans gearing up for major changes to federal pay and benefits Top Story EPA setting aside $12 million for VERA/VSIP amid remainder of FY17’s ‘challenging’ budget schedule Pay & Benefits Federal pay debate heads back to Capitol Hill this week Pay & Benefits $603 billion is the magic number for DoD in 2018 Defense News Postal regulatory agency to conclude postage review this fall Agency Oversight Fed Photo of the Day LEGO Statue of Liberty at American History Museum Today in History 1917: Congress passes the Selective Service Act THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 18, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8471 0.0082 2.24% L 2020 25.4136 0.0224 3.69% L 2030 28.2736 0.0398 5.24% L 2040 30.4210 0.0505 6.00% L 2050 17.4309 0.0333 6.69% G Fund 15.3231 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8445 -0.0223 1.75% C Fund 32.8855 0.1210 7.16% S Fund 42.4349 0.1570 5.78% I Fund 27.7660 -0.0192 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Retail Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Anne D'innocenzio, Associated Press May 17, 2017 Photo: Gene J. Puskar, STF Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) This May 3, 2017, photo shows a Target logo on a store in Upper Saint Clair, Pa. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) Photo: Gene J. Puskar, STF Image 2 of 3 This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) This Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, photo, shows the entrance for a Target store, in North Miami Beach, Fla. Target Corp. reports earnings, Wednesday, May 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee) Photo: Wilfredo Lee, STF Image 3 of 3 Famny Rojas of Stamford, Conn., shops in a Target and checks competitors' pricing online before making her TV purchase in November. ﻿ Famny Rojas of Stamford, Conn., shops in a Target and checks competitors' pricing online before making her TV purchase in November. ﻿ Photo: Matthew Brown, Staff Photographer Target locked in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon 1 / 3 Back to Gallery NEW YORK - Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one of the other. Minneapolis-based Target has the furthest to go as it tries to put itself in better competition with Amazon, the undisputed online leader, and Wal-Mart, which has been buying online startups to beef up its own operations. Target has announced plans to put more money into both its online operations and its stores, and saw it online sales rise 22 percent for the first quarter. That was a slowdown from 34 percent in the fourth quarter, though but it beat estimates, bucking the trend of gloomy results from bellwether U.S. retailers. Its first-quarter profit jumped almost 8 percent to $681 million, and its shares rose nearly 1 percent to settle at $55.04. With shoppers overall less and less willing to wait for their items to arrive, figuring out a shipping strategy that will encourage people to buy more and also drive shoppers to its stores will be a key element for Target. Amazon "has a model of getting shoppers to order and having it show up in two days and is working to make it less than two days," said Tim Laseter, a partner at PwC. "There is no doubt that the general expectation is faster and cheaper." Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Business Court dispute entails trade secrets, client lists and alleged CEO Total traffic at Port of Houston climbed slightly last year Trump administration announces plans to renegotiate NAFTA On mission to save coal, Perry bucks status quo Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Summit makes a rousing debut in Rally powers rebound in stocks a day after tumble But he noted that Target and Wal-Mart can take advantage of their stores in this game as they increasingly cater to customers. Target has been pushing on a lot of fronts, from readjusting free shipping thresholds to planning to test a new same-day service at a store in Manhattan. "We believe that the future of retail is both digital and physical, and successful retailers will need to provide an outstanding experience in both," chief operating officer John Mulligan told investors on Wednesday. Target had quietly raised its free shipping threshold to $35 from $25 this month, going in the opposite direction of Wal-Mart and Amazon. Asked about that move Wednesday, chief financial officer Kathy R. Smith said that very few online orders are below $35. But she said, "We will always evaluate." Wal-Mart had lowered its bar to $35 from $50 earlier this year and scrapped its program called SavingsPass that offered free shipping but had an annual fee. It also cut its shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items, including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as some toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average shipping time has been three to five days. For Amazon's non-Prime members, the shipping time is five to eight days. Typical Target deliveries arrive in three to six days. Transportation Big shift this weekend will smooth Loop/290 interchange Business On mission to save coal, Perry bucks status quo Astros MLB-best start helps Astros as trade market develops Movies & TV 'Alien' director exploits monsters to explore humanity Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Look inside small Whitehall Wal-Mart with big sporting goods section Print Email Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com By Justine McGuire | justine_mcguire@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on May 16, 2017 at 4:27 PM, updated May 17, 2017 at 9:52 AM comments Small Wal-Mart to open with expanded sporting goods section WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, MI - The Whitehall Township Wal-Mart is smaller than most, but It's contents have been tailored to the community.  Although it's just 126,000 square feet - compared to 180,000-190,000 square feet at other Muskegon-area Wal-Mart stores - the store has full produce, deli and bakery offerings along with a full selection of other grocery items.   More significantly, the store manager worked with Wal-Mart corporate to make sure other departments were tailored to the needs of the White Lake area and visitors.  "We really looked at what's important to the community," said Matt Jones, store manager.  That means an expanded sporting goods section that's akin to a "mini Cabela's," he said.   The department has about three times the amount of camping gear as other Muskegon County Wal-Marts. It offers a full line of Sun Dolphin kayaks, which are manufactured in Muskegon. The fishing aisle is equipped with the right stuff to go after any fish one might find in White Lake or Lake Michigan. There's also a full selection of firearms and ammunition.   Whitehall Wal-Mart to open mid-May after year of construction There's also a full scale crafts and sewing section, an automotive department, clothing, home goods, office, outdoor decor, garden, toys, power tools, electronics and more.  The store also features an updated look with new signage, gray polished floors (rather than brown), updated color schemes and lower profile displays for easier access in many departments.  The store is lit with LED light bulbs, and most of its refrigerated and frozen foods are in closed cases for energy efficiency.  So far, the Whitehall Township store has 210 employees, 160 of which are new to the company, Jones said. Hiring began in January, and every associate received 30-60 days of training at established Muskegon County Wal-Mart stores on Sherman Boulevard and Henry Street.   Whitehall Wal-Mart accepting applications for 200 positions The store at 2755 W. Holton-Whitehall Road will open to shoppers shortly after 8 a.m. on Wednesday, May 17. The store will be open 24 hours a day, with more limited hours for the auto center, photo lab, money center, optical center and pharmacy. Construction began on May 25, 2016. It signaled the end of a long, pre-construction legal battle between the Bentonville, Ark.-based company and a local group calling itself BOW NOT -- Back Off Wal-Mart, Not Our Town.   BOW NOT and those who filed the lawsuit -- not all of them close neighbors of the proposed development -- claimed the township's approval of Wal-Mart in August 2013 injured them in several ways.   Construction of controversial Wal-Mart in Whitehall Township underway "Overall, we need to look at this as an opportunity for both Montague and Whitehall and the surrounding area," said Amy VanLoon, White Lake Chamber of Commerce executive director, in a previous statement. "This is a community that has such great potential and by working together, and adjusting to change, we can all help build a strong, vibrant and resilient community."  Wal-Mart has more than 33,000 employees in Michigan, according to the release. During 2016, the company promoted 5,800 associates in the state, and 3,185 were converted from part-time to full-time.   Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Enchanted Great Gatsby Under the Sea and other dominant themes Michigan's Best Tell us your favorite Michigan Craft Distilleries, craft cocktails Guide to the craft distilleries of Michigan Holland, Muskegon next on our tour of Michigan Craft Distilleries Distillery partners with breweries for "Beer City Whisky" release More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments New Whitehall Wal-Mart sees huge turnout for grand opening Print Email Meagan Beck | mbeck@mlive.com By Meagan Beck | mbeck@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 17, 2017 at 4:45 PM comments WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, MI -- For the grand opening of the Whitehall Township Wal-Mart, store manager Matt Jones said about 300 people were outside at 8 a.m., waiting to shop. The new super center at 2755 W. Holton-Whitehall Road opened for business at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday, May 17. Look inside small Whitehall Wal-Mart with big sporting goods section For the grand opening, an Oscar Meyer Wiener mobile was in the parking lot, Miss Michigan 2016 was handing out samples and Tony the Tiger was available for photo opportunities. Jones said there will also be several events on Saturday and Sunday to celebrate the opening.  He said many customers have expressed how excited they are to have the store in their community.  Carol Heykoop of Shelby said she would have to go to Ludington or Muskegon to do her grocery shopping. While there are smaller retailers nearby, Heykoop said she thinks they're more expensive. "Now they haven't seemed to be stocking shelves and whatnot like they should so you're selection is very limited," she said.  The new Wal-Mart has full produce, deli and bakery offerings in addition to a full selection of other grocery items.   Jones told The Muskegon Chronicle he worked with Wal-Mart corporate to make sure other departments were made to reflect the needs of the White Lake-area and its visitors The sporting goods section is expanded and similar to a "mini Cabela's," Jones said.  Brandon White of Muskegon said he likes that the store sells guns, since many don't anymore.  "It'll be a lot nicer having (a Wal-Mart) this close instead of going all the way to the one on Sherman," White said. "It's a lot cheaper sometimes than Meijer is."  Another feature Jones said customers have enjoyed is the store's size. It is 126,000 square feet, while other Muskegon-area Wal-Mart stores are about 180,000-190,000 square feet. While it's smaller than others, there's a an automotive department, electronics, garden, full scale crafts and sewing section, clothing, home goods, office, outdoor decor, toys, power tools, and more.  The store will be open 24 hours a day, with more limited hours for the auto center, money center, optical center, photo lab and pharmacy. Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Enchanted Great Gatsby Under the Sea and other dominant themes Michigan's Best Tell us your favorite Michigan Craft Distilleries, craft cocktails Guide to the craft distilleries of Michigan Holland, Muskegon next on our tour of Michigan Craft Distilleries Distillery partners with breweries for "Beer City Whisky" release More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ז בעומר   |   Thursday, May 18, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – May 17, 2017 Business Briefs – May 17, 2017 Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 10:13 pm | כ"א אייר תשע"ז Target Locked In Game of Shipping Tag With Wal-Mart, Amazon NEW YORK (AP) – Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are locked in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their free threshold and other shipping strategies to a level that can lure shoppers away from one another. Target has been testing new services but it has a long way to go to catch up to its rivals. Google Unveils Latest Tech Tricks As Computers Get Smarter MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) – Google’s computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world, and now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. CEO Sundar Pichai and other top executives brought Google’s audacious ambition into sharper focus Wednesday at an annual conference attended by more than 7,000 developers who design apps to work with its wide array of digital services. Among other things, Google unveiled new ways for its massive network of computers to identify images, as well as recommend, share, and organize photos. It also is launching an attempt to make its voice-controlled digital assistant more proactive and visual while expanding its audience to Apple’s iPhone, where it will try to outwit an older peer, Siri. The push marks another step toward infusing nearly all of Google’s products with some semblance of artificial intelligence — the concept of writing software that enables computers to gradually learn to think more like humans. Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In SAN DIEGO& (AP) – Manufacturers that build Apple’s iPhone and iPad are being drawn in to an escalating dispute between the tech giant and the chipmaker Qualcomm. Qualcomm said Wednesday that it has filed a breach of contract complaint against Apple manufacturers who it says have been pressured by Apple not to pay royalties to Qualcomm for technology that it says it owns. Qualcomm Inc. has filed suit against FIH Mobile Ltd. and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Pegatron Corp., Wistron Corp. and Compal Electronics Inc. It has filed a separate claim against Cupertino, California-based Apple, for interfering with the license agreements between Qualcomm and the manufacturers. Last month Apple Inc. began refusing to pay any royalties for some of the technology in the iPhone and is fighting Qualcomm in court. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit alleging that Qualcomm has been imposing unfair licensing terms on manufacturers. San Diego-based Qualcomm depends on licensing fees for a large portion of its revenue. Business, Leisure Travelers Ponder Flying Without Lap NEW YORK (AP) – International air travelers might soon rediscover magazines, paperbacks and playing cards. Airline passengers have become hooked on their laptops and tablets to get work done or just kill time during long flights. But U.S. aviation-security officials appear determined to ban large electronic devices in the cabin of flights from Europe. Business travelers are worried about lost productivity, laptops in checked baggage being stolen or damaged, or even leaving the machine home if their employer won’t let them check it on a plane. Parents are pondering how to keep children occupied. Business travelers are keenly interested in the outcome. Michael McCormick, executive director of the Global Business Travel Association, said he believes the threat identified by security officials is real, but the laptop ban will hurt business travel, at least in the short term. Print Email Gmail Related Apple, Qualcomm Spat Intensifies; Manufacturers Drawn In Business Briefs – January 22, 2017 Business Briefs – March 23, 2017 Business Briefs – January 31, 2017 Business Briefs – January 25, 2016 More in Business Unemployment Applications Drop to 3-Month Low Asian Stocks Fall as White House Turmoil Spoils Risk Sentiment Stocks, Bond Yields Drop As Washington Turmoil Roils Street Banks Tighten Auto Lending as More Borrowers Fall Into Default What Amazon Could Do to the Business of Selling Prescription Drugs OP-ED The Laptop Ban Continues Its Mysterious Run The Homecoming of Oscar Lopez Rivera Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare A Matter of Influence The Firing of James Comey Features This Day In History 22 Iyar/May 18 Nichum Aveilim 22 Iyar/May 18 Going Dutch When It Comes to Vitamin Supplements, More Isn’t Always Better Gluten-Free Diets Don’t Help Heart Health, Might Harm It Editorial Cartoon – May 18, 2017 Sudoku – May 18, 2017 Four After Three Nichum Aveilim 21 Iyar/May 17 This Day In History 21 Iyar/May 17 What Color Is English? ID Required Sudoku – May 17, 2017 World of Wonders – May 16, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 89°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,038.61 +27.38 (+0.46%) S&P 500 2,362.38 +5.35 (+0.23%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8998 GBP 0.7679 ILS 3.6014 CHF 0.9789 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 72° Full Menu 72° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com Local January 13, 2016 4:53 PM Wal-Mart plans submitted for Little River location By Audrey Hudson ahudson@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Wal-Mart has submitted plans to Horry County to build a new store in Little River on U.S. 17 Bypass adjacent to the Glen Dornoch Golf Links. The property is an undeveloped wooded area owned by Burroughs & Chapin Co. Inc., according to county records.   A Wal-Mart spokesperson did not return a request for comment on the timeline for the store’s opening, how many jobs would be created, or whether the proposed building that measures nearly 159,000 square feet will be a superstore. Plans were also submitted to Horry County for a traffic study, and would determine whether a stop light should be installed at Nelson Road across from the proposed store. David Schwerd, principal planner for Horry County, said the golf course would not be impacted by the development. “There will be no change at all in access to the golf course, it will remain operational,” Schwerd said. There are seven Wal-Mart supercenters in the Myrtle Beach area; Seaboard Street, the intersection of U.S. 17 Bypass and S.C. 544, Garden City Connector, Kings Road, Carolina Forest area, Conway, and North Myrtle Beach. Hudson can be reached at 843-444-1765 Twitter: @AudreyHudson Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com Walmart has submitted plans to Horry County for a new store on U.S. 17 in Little River across from Nelson Road. JASON LEE jlee@thesunnews.com 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago St. James girls memorialized at service after Bay Road crash 0:38 4 hours ago St. James girls memorialized at service after Bay Road crash 1:56 6 hours ago Football players teach elementary school kids about leadership, peer pressure 1:38 a day ago Teacher of the Year award given to Pee Dee Elementary School teacher View More Video Local Myrtle Beach weather forecast for May 19 Mentor program at elementary school connects football players with kids County finds more uses for RIDE II money, this time it’s Interstate 73 $1 million headed to HGTC One woman, three men accused of dealing crack cocaine and meth near school Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Friday, May 19, 2017 Subscriber Services Legal Ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Business Highlights     May 19, 2017   Today’s Business stories Leading demolition firm based in Lane County sold to longtime partner Sesame Street and SeaWorld to expand a parks partnership FCC acts against ‘neutrality’ Business Highlights White House pledges to renegotiate NAFTA More Business »   Alaska Airlines to offer daily flights from Everett EVERETT, Wash. — Alaska Airlines has announced it will start offering daily flights out of an airport north of Seattle in 2018. Seattlepi.com reported the company said Wednesday it will begin offering up to nine flights a day from Everett’s Paine Field. Alaska Airlines said in a news release that the plan would give travelers who live north of Seattle an option to catch flights closer to homes. The Seattle-­Tacoma International Airport is south of Seattle. If approved by the federal government, construction on a new terminal would start in June, with Propeller Airports and Snohomish County coordinating the effort. Flights will be offered on Boeing 737s and Embraer 175s. Alaska said it will announce routes, schedules and start selling tickets early next year, with flights slated to start in the fall. Nation Walmart sees surge both online and in stores BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Walmart saw online sales surge and more shoppers at its stores as well, as retail overall is more competitive. The world’s largest retailer beat Wall Street estimates and delivered another solid gain in sales at established stores. Walmart also saw higher customer traffic, while major retailers like Macy’s and Target had declines. Firm: Women outperform men in investments NEW YORK — Many men and women think men are the better investors. They’re wrong. After checking how 8 million of its customers did during 2016, Fidelity Investments found that women did better than men by an average of 0.4 percentage points. The difference in performance is small, and it’s always dangerous to make big generalizations out of small slices of data. But it slots in with other research that suggests women tend to take a longer-term view of investing. Rally powers rebound a day after slump Solid gains among phone companies and some retailers helped nudge U.S. stocks higher on Thursday, a day after the stock market had its biggest drop in eight months. Banks also recouped some of their losses. Energy and materials stocks fell. The rally came a day after the market’s worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington, stoking worries among investors that President Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. Facebook launches war on clickbait headlines Facebook on Thursday launched an assault designed to crack down on clickbait headlines, in a push to banish “fake news” from its news feeds. Menlo Park, Calif.-based Facebook noted that in 2016, the social network updated its news feed to reduce stories from sources that consistently post clickbait headlines that withhold and exaggerate information, Facebook said. “Publishers that rely on clickbait headlines should expect their distribution to decrease,” Facebook stated in the blog post. — News service reports More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business Leading demolition firm based in Lane County sold to longtime partner Business Sesame Street and SeaWorld to expand a parks partnership Business FCC acts against ‘neutrality’ Business White House pledges to renegotiate NAFTA Business Business Highlights     Opinion Editorial Oregon’s Medicaid mess Legislators need to fix situation, not fight about it “Troubling” doesn’t begin to describe the current situation at the Oregon Health Authority, which, state auditors have discovered, has been doling out hundreds of millions of dollars to tens of thousands of Medicaid recipients who … Mueller can restore calm Rosenstein saves Republicans from themselves There’s more to ‘comics’ than the jokes they tell More Opinion » Entertainment Entertainment Comedian W. Kamau Bell reaches across the aisle Through his socio-political brand of comedy, Bell tries to enlighten himself first and others second W. Kamau Bell likes different types of laughter. Not just laughter from black audiences, or liberal white audiences, or young audiences — the comedian, author and CNN host wants to make people laugh from all … Video game review: First DLC for ‘Resident Evil 7’ packs quite the scary punch Stray Birds of a feather: The 3-piece band is spreading its wings Review: ‘Covenant’ brings more thoughtful thrills to the ‘Alien’ universe More Entertainment » Home & Garden Interior Decorating Key decorating rule? Do what you love Sharpen your eye for detail and create beauty out of common items, say voices of experience So you visit a thrift store and see a set of clear drinking glasses, those dollar-a-dozen crystal knockoffs. But then you get to thinking: Well, they could look pretty on the kitchen countertop, arranged like … Rustic mid-century makeover Lifeblood of an ornamental garden Scratch that, just a myth More Home & Garden »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Election Results Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Rally powers rebound in U.S. stocks a day after slump The Associated Press | Thursday, May 18, 2017, 11:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 4 hours ago Solid gains among phone companies and some retailers helped nudge U.S. stocks higher Thursday, a day after the stock market had its biggest drop in eight months. Banks also recouped some of their losses. Energy and materials stocks fell. The rally came a day after the market's worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington, stoking worries among investors that President Donald Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. “People may be wanting to put money to work in stocks, but the bonds they bought yesterday, they're still going to keep those as a little bit of a hedge, just in case,” said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. The Russell 2000 index of smaller stocks picked up 5.19 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,361.08. Bond prices slipped. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.23 percent from 2.22 percent. Despite the day's gains, the major stock indexes were still on course to end the week in the red. Stocks appeared headed for another down day early Thursday following sell-offs in Asia and Europe. But better-than-expected quarterly results from Wal-Mart Stores and retailers such as L Brands helped lift the market. Wal-Mart gained $2.42, or 3.2 percent, to $77.54, while L Brands rose $1.29, or 2.7 percent, to $49.69. Traders also welcomed data from the Labor Department showing that applications for unemployment benefits fell last week to the lowest level in nearly three months. Among other big movers: Incyte surged 6.9 percent on growing analyst optimism over the biopharmaceutical company's work developing cancer treatments. The stock gained $8.31 to $128.80. Weak quarterly results from other companies sent those stocks lower. Ascena Retail Group sank 27 percent after the retailer cut its forecast for its fiscal third quarter and full year, citing lagging customer traffic and other challenges. The stock lost 76 cents to $2.06. Cisco Systems fell 7.2 percent a day after the internet gear maker said it expects revenue in its fiscal third quarter to be down from a year earlier. The company also said it was laying off 1,100 workers in addition to the 5,500 job cuts Cisco announced last August. The stock gave up $2.44 to $31.38. Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 28 cents, or 0.6 percent, to close at $49.35 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 30 cents, or 0.6 percent, to settle at $52.51 a barrel in London. In other futures trading, natural gas fell 1 cent to $3.18 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline was little changed at $1.60 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.54 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold fell $5.90 to settle at $1,252.80 per ounce. Silver lost 24 cents to $16.67 per ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.53 per pound. The euro slipped to $1.1101 from $1.1150 on Wednesday. The dollar strengthened to 111.49 yen from 111.11 yen. Major stock indexes overseas closed lower. In Europe, Germany's DAX was down 0.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 was 0.5 percent lower. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.9 percent. In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.3 percent. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.3 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.6 percent. More Business Stocks, bond yields drop Washington as turmoil rattles markets FCC takes first step to repeal tough net neutrality rules Republicans want to talk taxes, but struggle to be heard amid White House turmoil OSHA rule requiring electronic reporting of injury, illness data suspended Pennsylvania Rep. Bill Shuster pushes privatization of air traffic control TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Steelers release tight end Green after failed physical U-Haul could breathe life into long-vacant Montgomery Ward site in Lower Burrell Man used knife, propane tank to attack father, police say Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Featured Photography Mother attended every college class with disabled son who graduated from Duquesne University. A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Calgary LIVE Calgary More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Calgary Calgary police investigate body found in vehicle in Walmart parking lot Police have designated it an 'undetermined death' at this point CBC News Posted: May 18, 2017 8:10 PM MT Last Updated: May 18, 2017 8:10 PM MT Police are investigating after a body was found in a silver SUV parked outside the McKenzie Towne Walmart Thursday afternoon. (James Young/CBC) Calgary police are investigating after a body was found in a silver SUV parked outside the McKenzie Towne Walmart Thursday afternoon. Just before 4:30 p.m., police were called to check on the welfare of a man in a vehicle in the parking lot in the 4700 block of 130 Avenue S.E. When EMS arrived, the man was declared deceased. Police have deemed the investigation an "undetermined death." The scene has been cordoned off and the medical examiner has been called out, as is standard protocol in all undetermined death investigations. Police have designated it an 'undetermined death' at this point. (James Young/CBC) MORE CALGARY NEWS | Calgary police to adopt 'Philadelphia Model' of reviewing sexual assault cases deemed unfounded MORE CALGARY NEWS | These guys exchanged gunfire in Saddle Ridge and Calgary police want to know who they are Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Friday Increasing cloudiness 17°C Saturday A mix of sun and cloud 17°C Sunday A mix of sun and cloud 18°C Monday Sunny 19°C Tuesday Sunny 23°C More Weather Latest Calgary News Headlines Glass eyes, missing limbs, abstinence and more: They can prompt recurring questions — so what's your spiel? audio Calgary police investigate body found in vehicle in Walmart parking lot Alberta offers $235M loan to clean up orphan wells ABBA, electronic music & hip-hop for kids: What to do in Calgary this weekend Post-apocalypse photographer captures abandoned High River homes Top News Headlines 'Pollution isn't free': Catherine McKenna makes her case for pricing carbon Russia warns Canada over 'blatantly unfriendly' Magnitsky Act Kevin Pillar's homophobic slur leaves LGBT Jays fans 'stunned' and 'disappointed' Photo of 'naive' hikers worries North Shore Rescue 'No, no, next question': Trump denies collusion with Russia after special counsel named read comments video Most Viewed All the fish in this Banff lake are to be removed and killed to protect other lakes from whirling disease 'A mother's worst nightmare:' 6-year-old girl and her father found dead in Red Deer home Origins of 'eh': How 2 little letters came to define Canadians Cougar warning issued for Fish Creek Provincial Park Job loss and debt blamed as Alberta foreclosures rise again Alberta payday loan regulations has lenders starting to feel pinch Real grizzly disrupts Banff Bears rugby practice 'We can get on with our lives': Calgary man who killed wife and hid body in tomb convicted of manslaughter Canada's largest First Nation enforces no-trespass bylaw amid fentanyl crisis Don't Miss Analysis 'Pollution isn't free': Catherine McKenna makes her case for pricing carbon Russia warns Canada over 'blatantly unfriendly' Magnitsky Act Kevin Pillar's homophobic slur leaves LGBT Jays fans 'stunned' and 'disappointed' Photo of 'naive' hikers worries North Shore Rescue Trump assails 'witch hunt' after naming of special counsel Updated Polls open in Iran's first presidential vote since atomic deal Huge thunderstorm rips through Acadian Peninsula BRAZIL Brazil's President Michel Temer rejects calls to resign amid bribery allegations Police pull body from river in Thunder Bay, Ont., during search for missing teen Peterborough, Ont., teen receives Diana Award from Princes Harry and William Wynne to announce plans for high-speed rail from Toronto to Windsor Alberta's Wildrose, PCs agree to create new United Conservative Party Pemberton Music Festival cancelled after filing for bankruptcy Federal health minister orders independent review of opioid guidelines after conflict-of-interest controversy Coming Up Hockey Night in Canada: Ducks vs. Predators, Game 5 Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business» Business Briefing Trump, Russia, Comey, North Korea: A noxious mix for markets Add to ... Subscribers Only Michael Babad The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 5:12AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 2:43PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Briefing highlights A noxious mix for markets North Korea: ‘This time it’s different’ Trump triggers NAFTA coundown Wal-Mart comparable sales beat estimates A noxious mix It’s hard to keep track of the fast-moving events in the Washington circus, what with all the elephants, clowns and lions. But one thing is clear: Add North Korea to the turmoil, and it’s a fairly noxious mix for investors. As The Globe and Mail’s Tim Shufelt reports, stocks plunged Wednesday as the word “impeachment” was heard among politicians and market analysts, raising questions about whether investors will ever see the fiscal and economic reforms promised by President Donald Trump’s young administration. “At this point, one could hardly imagine a worse scenario than an eventual Trump impeachment for the markets,” said London Capital Group senior market analyst Ipek Ozkardeskaya. Even though it’s obviously too soon to predict what could unfold, “if Donald Trump is impeached, his massive infrastructure spending plans and the colossal tax reforms would never see the daylight,” she added. “Hence, the past six months’ reflation rally would face severe reversal risks. If the markets were to retrace the Trump-reflation gains, this would trigger a decent ‘deflation’ squeeze.” Stocks are down again today in Asia and Europe, though recovering in North America. The Canadian dollar was at about 73.5 cents (U.S.) by mid-morning. “The row between Mr. Trump and the FBI is still on traders’ minds, and while this is hanging over the market I can’t see sentiment changing anytime soon,” said CMC Markets analyst David Madden. “Traders will be reluctant to open up new long positions while there is talk of Trump being impeached. I would classify today as a risk-off session as traders appear to be in wait-and-see mode. There are bargains to be had out there, but dealers would be taking on excessive risk by buying in now.” Here’s what other observers are saying: “We believe that too much of the discussion around the latest disputed events is caught in a political maelstrom and partisan views get meshed into investment recommendations. Thus, we would be careful not to use emotional responses and personal likes and dislikes to arrive at conclusions ... We see the market’s pullback as rational but we would not get overly anxious about it in view of a 2,560 mid-year 2018 S&P 500 target.” Tobias Levkovich, Lorraine Schmitt and Jennifer Stahmer, Citigroup Global Markets “The big question now is whether this turns out to be the start along a road to an impeachment process or whether this is another bump in the road. Depending on how events play out over the next few days, that planned rate rise for the U.S. Federal Reserve, which is due next month, might well have to be put firmly on the back burner.” Michael Hewson, CMC Markets “What we do know is this bout of risk aversion is certainly about a giant push back on the future of tax reform and Trump’s ability to deliver (anything) has been dealt a massive blow given the level and magnitude of controversies in play ... The moves in financial markets have been brutal, not because of the absolute size of the move, but specifically because of the size of the move after a prolonged period of such subdued implied volatility.” Chris Weston, IG More on this topic Follow our Inside the Market blog Tim Shufelt: Deflating the 'hope rally' Joanna Slater, Adrian Morrow: Former FBI chief named to probe links between Trump, Russia Dan Bortolotti: A lesson from Wednesday's plunge Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn probe: memo Joanna Slater: Trump engulfed by new crisis Watch Pyongyang Investors may be fretting over the chaos in Washington, and with good reason. But they should keep a wary eye on Pyongyang at the same time, also with good reason. As Citigroup Global Markets put it in a report on North Korea and the potential for market turmoil: “This time it’s different.” “Financial markets need to care: It is tough to price anything other than higher volatility in the short term, but there are clear risks to supply chains and to global confidence, as well as implications for capital flows that could upset market equilibria,” said the report led by Joanna Chua, Citi’s head of Asia-Pacific economic analysis, with her colleagues at the big U.S. bank. The Citi team gave four reasons for why the tensions surrounding North Korea and Kim Jong-un are a bigger threat now than in past episodes, and laid out five scenarios, the base case being that everyone shows “restraint.” There are scarier scenarios, as well, given that Kim Jong-un is “likely more insecure and, thus, more unpredictable” than his father. Why it’s different this time The Citi report is lengthy, and the analysis deep, so I can’t do it justice here. But that unpredictability tops the list of the four reasons why. The others: Scariest of all is the reason that goes far beyond the markets: “Technological breakthroughs in North Korea’s ballistic missile program which may be approaching ICBM capabilities.” But there’s also the “more unpredictable foreign policy” of the Trump administration, which means you have unpredictability meeting unpredictability. And finally, according to Citi, China “may be willing to live with a nuclear North Korea rather than risk having a failed state at its doorstep.” The scenarios “We have little faith that diplomacy can succeed in shifting the negotiating positions of different parties,” the Citi analysts said, warning that ongoing tensions are probable. “Tighter sanctions may need be pursued, and the regime may test the resolve of the U.S. and China, instead.” The first scenario, the base case, as noted, would see everyone involved showing restraint, but “with the help of sanctions threats.” The second scenario, which Citi described as a reasonable probability, envisions North Korea launching a sixth nuclear test but that it later “caves in to sanctions pressures.” Actual sanctions don’t work that often, the bank added. Scenario 3 – low probability – sees the Trump administration in “carefully targeted military strikes” as a response to a sixth test. Number 4 – thankfully, very low probability – is for “all-out military conflict, impacting Seoul and/or Tokyo.” The final scenario would see “a return to diplomacy with a multilateral framework.” Potential market fallout “A negative demand shock is unlikely to be contained to North Asia and could spill over globally,” said Ms. Chua and her colleagues. “A global growth or oil shock is possible on any significant escalation.” The first scenario sees little economic impact as “fundamentals continue to remain stable.” As does the fifth scenario. Number 2 could see a “short-term rise in risk aversion,” though investors could grow more troubled than in the past should Washington raise the temperature through rhetoric or if sanctions are too harsh. As Scenario 3 sees an escalation, so too would the fallout be greater, with “a significant blow to confidence and economic performance, especially in South Korea and Japan who bear the brunt of risks from possible North Korean retaliatory strikes.” All bets are off under the fourth scenario. “Any attack on populous civilian centres in either South Korea or Japan would have a significant economic impact, with a recession the likely result for both, and dramatic ripple effects would be seen globally,” Citi said. “Japan and South Korea account for 8.4 per cent of global GDP and 6.9 per cent of global trade, and as any significant conflict will involve the world’s two largest economies, the U.S. and China, given their respective security guarantees with South and North Korea, respectively, a serious geopolitical event in the Korean peninsula will likely be a source of systemic risk globally.” More on this topic South Korea says 'high possibility' of conflict with North North Korea missile program progressing faster than expected: South Korea Trump triggers NAFTA countdown President Donald Trump’s administration has triggered the 90-day countdown to the renegotiation of the North American free-trade agreement, setting the stage for talks to begin in earnest in mid-August, our Washington correspondent Adrian Morrow reports. United States Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer sent the long-delayed formal notice to Congress that the administration plans to reopen NAFTA on Thursday morning. Now, the administration must wait 90 days before starting formal talks with Canada and Mexico. “Today, President Trump fulfilled one of his key promises to the American people,” he said in a statement. For years, politicians have called for the renegotiation of this agreement, but President Trump is the first to follow through with that promise. More on this topic Adrian Morrow: Trump triggers NAFTA countdown Barrie McKenna: Ottawa, provinces would be smart to heed warning on trade wars Trump seeking 'massive' NAFTA changes Udder nonsense: Lactose, lumber and the loonie Trump's NAFTA threat far worse than it looks Canada braces for lengthy softwood battle A guide to the trade spats Campbell Clark: Canada gets a lesson in Trump opportunism Brent Jang, Adrian Morrow: Ottawa, provinces to fight lumber tariffs 'From tweaks to teats': Canada-U.S. trade tensions to mount Ann Hui: How butter's surge led to Trump's attack Blame Canada. Trump does. (And we should worry) Six steps to protect your Canadian business against Trump Other news China's COMAC eyes Bombardier investment Trump said set to trigger NAFTA coundown Wal-Mart's comparable sales beat estimates Streetwise Andrew Willis: PointNorth launches Liquor Stores proxy fight ROB Insight David Parkinson: Manufacturing rebound shows signs of sticking around Inside the Market David Berman: A compelling reason to invest in RioCan In case you missed it Rachelle Younglai: Millennials, mean in their prime face income volatility: survey Want to interact with other informed Canadians and Globe journalists? Join our exclusive Globe and Mail subscribers Facebook group Report Typo/Error Follow Michael Babad on Twitter: @michaelbabad Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business Customers head to the parking lot after shopping at a Wal-Mart, in Hialeah, Fla. (Alan Diaz/AP) Customers head to the parking lot after shopping at a Wal-Mart, in Hialeah, Fla. (Alan Diaz/AP) Wal-Mart sales get boost from online growth, customer visits Add to ... Nandita Bose Chicag — Reuters Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:36AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 1:50PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Thursday reported higher-than-expected quarterly sales at established U.S. stores, as investments to bring more customers into the discount retailer paid off and a bigger push into e-commerce boosted online purchases, sending its shares flirting near a 52-week high. Wal-Mart and analysts said the company is benefiting from a $2.7-billion investment to increase entry-level wages and enhance the training of its workforce, which has led to better stocked shelves and cleaner stores. It said store visits rose 1.5 per cent, the tenth consecutive quarterly increase. Earlier in the day, shares of Wal-Mart rose to $77.40 – a 52-week high. They were trading at $77 in mid-day. Wal-Mart’s efforts to close the gap with rival Amazon.com has started gaining momentum even as other retailers like department store chains struggle. Online sales for the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer rose 63 per cent in the first quarter, which was higher than 29 per cent growth in the fourth quarter and 20 per cent in the third quarter. Online sales added 0.8 percentage points to the first quarter comparable sales gain. Growth in the business has been picking up after Wal-Mart said in October it would slow down new store openings to focus on expanding its e-commerce business. U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore told reporters in a call that online sales growth was boosted by offering free two-day shipping without membership fees, and higher repeat orders. “We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we’re capable of,” said Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon. The company said most of the internet sales growth was from existing online operations rather than from acquisitions. Wal-Mart, which acquired Jet.com in 2016, this year alone has snatched up online retail startups Shoebuy, Moosejaw and Modcloth, and is currently in talks with small online clothing retailer Bonobos. “Wal-Mart’s long string of investments in labor and e-commerce, including acquisitions, are enabling modest market share gains,” John Zolidis, director equity research with the Buckingham Research Group said. Wal-Mart’s performance, along with rival Target’s results on Wednesday, bucked a string of weak results from retailers Macy’s Inc and J.C. Penney. Target reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and sales. Wal-Mart said sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.4 per cent, excluding fuel price fluctuations, and was the 11th consecutive quarterly increase. Analysts were expecting a 1.3 per cent increase, according to Consensus Metrix. Wal-Mart is aggressively investing in making prices more competitive compared to rivals. It has asked vendors to offer grocery prices that are 15 per cent lower than competitors. Wal-Mart’s U.S. Chief Executive Greg Foran said comparable sales in food and grocery improved during the quarter on lower food deflation, without sharing details. Grocery accounts for nearly 53 per cent of overall revenue for the retailer. “Wal-Mart’s commitment to value pricing is driving traffic and growth in grocery and aggressive online strides are impacting comparable sales,” Cowen & Co’s senior research analyst Oliver Chen said in a note. Earnings per share was $1 for the quarter ended on April 30, exceeding the analysts’ average estimate of 96 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Consolidated net income fell to $3.04-billion from $3.08-billion due to a higher tax rate. Quarterly revenue rose 1.4 per cent to $117.5-billion, slightly lower than analysts expectations of $117.7-billion due to a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. Revenue grew 2.8 per cent on a currency neutral basis. For the second quarter, Wal-Mart expects an increase of 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent in U.S. same-store sales. It forecast earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, against market expectations of $1.07. Report Typo/Error   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$77.54 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 18 4:02 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Wal-Mart launches new price test at U.S. stores as grocery war heats up Wal-Mart cuts more U.S. corporate jobs Wal-Mart Canada laying off employees as part of store restructuring Topics Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Retail Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries News Breaking News Shotgun fired at vehicles on Rt. 309 in Richland Twp.; suspect may be in custody Police say 32-year-old Brandon Grosso has been involved in several incidents in the surrounding community, including shooting a shotgun at a vehicle. Police say 32-year-old Brandon Grosso has been involved in several incidents in the surrounding community, including shooting a shotgun at a vehicle. Frank WarnerContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Suspect in shotgun shooting on Route 309, Richland Twp., may be in custody. A man in a Mercedes car fired a shotgun Thursday night at several cars near the Wal-Mart on Route 309 in Richland Township, police and witnesses said. Witnesses said they saw a car with its windows blown out about 5:30 p.m. behind the Wal-Mart, just north of Quakertown, and several police cars converged quickly on the scene. Unconfirmed reports indicated an arrest was made within six hours of the shootings. At 11:35 p.m., the Quakertown police Facebook page posted the suspect's photo with the words "In Custody" over his face. Neither Richland Township police nor Quakertown police could be reached at midnight for an update on the investigation. About 8:30 p.m., Richland police sent a radio alert to the region's police agencies to report they were looking for a man driving a Mercedes and carrying a shotgun. He also may have had a handgun, the alert said. Caption A man is behind bars after authorities say he attacked a teen inside a Barnes and Noble in Berks County. A man is behind bars after authorities say he attacked a teen inside a Barnes and Noble in Berks County. Caption A man is behind bars after authorities say he attacked a teen inside a Barnes and Noble in Berks County. A man is behind bars after authorities say he attacked a teen inside a Barnes and Noble in Berks County. Caption Police in Pennsylvania say a 22-month-old boy has been found locked inside a makeshift wooden cage while his day-old sister and 1-year-old brother were found alone in the same house. Police in Pennsylvania say a 22-month-old boy has been found locked inside a makeshift wooden cage while his day-old sister and 1-year-old brother were found alone in the same house. Caption A charter bus carrying students from their Pennsylvania school on a field trip to Washington, D.C., crashed on Interstate 95 in Havre de Grace Monday. (Amy Davis/Baltimore Sun video) A charter bus carrying students from their Pennsylvania school on a field trip to Washington, D.C., crashed on Interstate 95 in Havre de Grace Monday. (Amy Davis/Baltimore Sun video) Caption Julie Metzger talks about Angel, the abused St. Bernard. Julie Metzger talks about Angel, the abused St. Bernard. Caption Structure fire in Easton at 1132 Pine Street. Fire officials say 12 people are displaced, including 8 children. Structure fire in Easton at 1132 Pine Street. Fire officials say 12 people are displaced, including 8 children. The suspect's Mercedes was described as a late-model sedan, light blue or gray. The Bucks County Crime Watch website reported township police were obtaining an arrest warrant for Brandon Grosso, 32, whose last known address was in the Telford area. "Grosso was involved in several confrontations in the surrounding communities [near Quakertown], with Grosso shooting a shotgun at one of the victim vehicles," Crime Watch said Thursday. "No injuries have been reported. Grosso is considered armed and dangerous," it said. Police asked that anyone with information on Grosso's activities Thursday contact township police investigators at 215-536-9500. Quakertown officers assisted Richland police. A witness said the gunman was seen near the Wal-Mart and the Five Guys restaurant on Route 309, and the Yum Yum Bake Shop on West Broad Street, Route 313. — Frank Warner Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Shootings Police lights Statue of General Lee coming down in New Orleans on Friday Millersville University groundskeeper dies when lawnmower catches fire Breaking Obits Prom Election Sports Arts & Ent Popular Classifieds 73°
Scottsburg parents claim man is lurking in children’s section of - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Derby 2017 Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford Derby 2017 U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Western Middle School Hardsteppers Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Scottsburg parents claim man is lurking in children’s section of local Walmart Posted: Thursday, May 18, 2017 9:23 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 18, 2017 9:27 PM EDT By Fallon Glick BioEmail Connect Biography fglick@wdrb.com Follow @FallonGlick Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Scottsburg parents claim man is lurking in children’s section of local Walmart Scottsburg parents claim man is lurking in children’s section of local Walmart Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 9:27 PM EDT2017-05-19 01:27:42 GMT Parents say the man was seen hanging around the children's underwear and diaper sections.More >> Parents say the man was seen hanging around the children's underwear and diaper sections.More >> 5 Ballard High students being disciplined for senior prank at Eastern High 5 Ballard High students being disciplined for senior prank at Eastern High Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 5:06 PM EDT2017-05-18 21:06:09 GMT Two of the cars damaged by Ballard High students at Eastern High School on Wednesday. (Submitted photos) "When the Eastern administrators got out to the parking lot…they found the Ballard students with eggs and mayonnaise."More >> "When the Eastern administrators got out to the parking lot…they found the Ballard students with eggs and mayonnaise."More >> UPDATE: Pedestrian hit and killed on I-65 South UPDATE: Pedestrian hit and killed on I-65 South Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 1:55 AM EDT2017-05-19 05:55:42 GMT All lanes of I-65 South are closed at St. Catherine Street after a pedestrian was hit.More >> All lanes of I-65 South are closed at St. Catherine Street after a pedestrian was hit.More >> Small Louisville bookstore gets big boost after celebrity tweet Small Louisville bookstore gets big boost after celebrity tweet Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 8:02 PM EDT2017-05-19 00:02:09 GMT A Louisville bookstore is getting a lot of business thanks to a someone with no connection to the city.More >> A Louisville bookstore is getting a lot of business thanks to a someone with no connection to the city.More >> POLICE: Louisville man arrested with 25 illegal lollipops Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 9:38 AM EDT2017-05-18 13:38:03 GMT Police also allegedly found marijuana in the toilet, after Aaron Stinson, "attempted to flush marijuana to avoid detection."More >> Police also allegedly found marijuana in the toilet, after Aaron Stinson, "attempted to flush marijuana to avoid detection."More >> Motorcyclist killed in crash in Fern Creek Motorcyclist killed in crash in Fern Creek Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 1:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 05:54:05 GMT One person was killed Thursday night when a car and motorcycle crashed in Fern Creek. More >> One person was killed Thursday night when a car and motorcycle crashed in Fern Creek.More >> 3 years after affair with prostitute, former Clark County sheriff accused of paying for escort 3 years after affair with prostitute, former Clark County sheriff accused of paying for escort Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 6:21 PM EDT2017-05-18 22:21:25 GMT Back in 2014, Danny Rodden quit his job as Clark County sheriff and confessed to lying to the FBI, trying to cover up an affair with a prostitute.More >> Back in 2014, Danny Rodden quit his job as Clark County sheriff and confessed to lying to the FBI, trying to cover up an affair with a prostitute.More >> California woman in ICU with botulism after eating nacho cheese from a gas station California woman in ICU with botulism after eating nacho cheese from a gas station Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 10:29 AM EDT2017-05-18 14:29:17 GMT She is one of five people being treated for the illness.  More >> She is one of five people being treated for the illness. More >>    SCOTTSBURG, Ind. (WDRB) – Hundreds of people walk through the doors of the Scottsburg Walmart every day, but it was two specific trips to the store Wednesday that left one family with an uneasy feeling. “In the girl's section by the underwear, there was a gentleman who seemed out of place,” said one Scottsburg mother who asked us not to use her name. She went on to say that what happened to her family member two hours later in a trip back to the store solidified that uneasy feeling. “As she was walking by the baby section where the diapers were, this man was still there and instantly she got chills all over her body,” she said. Both times, the man was seen hanging around children's underwear and diaper sections. “He would kind of take a lap, and he would kind of mosey through, and he really didn't have a purpose," the woman said. "He wasn't looking for something specific. He was just kind of hovering." Other families have made similar complaints of a strange man at that Walmart. One mother said a man offered her daughter candy, and when she told the man no, he got aggressive. Police say the man is believed to have a gold car, and they’ve been given the description of a heavy man with tinted sunglasses. Meanwhile, Walmart says it's taking the reports seriously and sent us this statement: "The safety and security of our associates and customers is a top priority. We are looking into the situation and will work with local law enforcement as necessary." But until it's resolved, Scottsburg mothers are warning everyone to be vigilant. “It does make you feel scared, because you don't know what someone might do,” one mom said. “ And like I said -- mom's intuition. If something sets your alarm off and gives you goosebumps, then there's probably something to it.” If you notice any suspicious activity, you’re asked to call police. Copyright 2017 WDRB Media. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Closed CaptioningMore>> Closed Captioning Message Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB. Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB.More >> WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ג אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ח בעומר   |   Friday, May 19, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Rally Powers Rebound in U.S. Stocks a Day After Slump Rally Powers Rebound in U.S. Stocks a Day After Slump Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 9:14 pm | כ"ב אייר תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - Solid gains among phone companies and some retailers helped nudge U.S. stocks higher on Thursday, a day after the stock market had its biggest drop in eight months. Banks also recouped some of their losses. Energy and materials stocks fell. The rally came a day after the market’s worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington, stoking worries among investors that President Donald Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. The Russell 2000 index of smaller stocks picked up 5.19 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,361.08. Bond prices slipped. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.23 percent from 2.22 percent. Despite the day’s gains, the major stock indexes were still on course to end the week in the red. Stocks appeared headed for another down day early Thursday following sell-offs in Asia and Europe. But better-than-expected quarterly results from Wal-Mart Stores and retailers such as L Brands helped lift the market. Wal-Mart gained $2.42, or 3.2 percent, to $77.54, while L Brands rose $1.29, or 2.7 percent, to $49.69. Traders also welcomed data from the Labor Department showing that applications for unemployment benefits fell last week to the lowest level in nearly three months. Among other big movers: Incyte surged 6.9 percent on growing analyst optimism over the biopharmaceutical company’s work developing cancer treatments. The stock gained $8.31 to $128.80. Weak quarterly results from other companies sent those stocks lower. Ascena Retail Group sank 27 percent after the retailer cut its forecast for its fiscal third quarter and full year, citing lagging customer traffic and other challenges. The stock lost 76 cents to $2.06. Cisco Systems fell 7.2 percent a day after the internet gear maker said it expects revenue in its fiscal third quarter to be down from a year earlier. The company also said it was laying off 1,100 workers in addition to the 5,500 job cuts Cisco announced last August. The stock gave up $2.44 to $31.38. Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 28 cents, or 0.6 percent, to close at $49.35 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 30 cents, or 0.6 percent, to settle at $52.51 a barrel in London. In other futures trading, natural gas fell 1 cent to $3.18 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline was little changed at $1.60 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.54 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold fell $5.90 to settle at $1,252.80 per ounce. Silver lost 24 cents to $16.67 per ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.53 per pound. The euro slipped to $1.1101 from $1.1150 on Wednesday. The dollar strengthened to 111.49 yen from 111.11 yen. Major stock indexes overseas closed lower. In Europe, Germany’s DAX was down 0.3 percent, while France’s CAC 40 was 0.5 percent lower. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.9 percent. In Asia, Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.3 percent. South Korea’s Kospi lost 0.3 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.6 percent. Filed under: Dow Jones, S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Rise as Energy Stocks Rally After Big Slump U.S. Stocks Recover From An Early Slump and Close Higher  U.S. Stocks End Mostly Higher, But Energy Sector Hit by Slump in Oil  Stocks Rebound After Early Slide; Tech Stocks Lead Gains  U.S. Stocks Slump as Traders Fear Higher Interest Rates More in Business Business Briefs – May 18, 2017 Breaking Up Big Banks Would Be ‘Huge Mistake,’ Mnuchin Says Wal-Mart Sees Online Sales Surge, More Shoppers at Stores Toyota, Three Other Automakers Settle Suit Over Takata Air Bags Treasury Chief Says U.S. Can Achieve 3 Percent Economic Growth OP-ED He Who Sustains the Bear When the Innocent Plead Guilty The Laptop Ban Continues Its Mysterious Run The Homecoming of Oscar Lopez Rivera Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare Features The Connection Between Behar and Bechukosai Celery Man Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 23 Iyar/May 19 Worth-y Trio Sudoku – May 19, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 23 Iyar/May 19 Editorial Cartoon – May 19, 2017 This Day In History 22 Iyar/May 18 Nichum Aveilim 22 Iyar/May 18 Going Dutch When It Comes to Vitamin Supplements, More Isn’t Always Better Gluten-Free Diets Don’t Help Heart Health, Might Harm It Editorial Cartoon – May 18, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 79°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) S&P 500 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8998 GBP 0.7720 ILS 3.5934 CHF 0.9803 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 80° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property Posted: May 18, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — A motion that would have ordered two Hawaiians — who claim 17 acres of Wailua land as theirs via royal patent — to stay away from property was denied by a Fifth Circuit judge Wednesday. Comments (9) Wainiha man refuses to plea Posted: May 18, 2017 - 1:45 am LIHUE — A man charged with trespassing on a Wainiha property he claims is his by right of a Hawaiian royal patent was arraigned Wednesday in Circuit Court. Comments (1) Recent Medical marijuana conference attracts doctors, police, attorneys Boot camp launches Kauai Fashion Weekend Fire burns 750 acres Scholar receives fellowship at Columbia No parking zones in Koloa get green light Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioners test skills at Kauai Spring Open Posted: May 18, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — The Kauai Spring Open took place Saturday at the Kauai High School gymnasium. Comments (0) Dream Team remains undefeated Posted: May 18, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Jimmy Torio of Anahola had not been to a basketball game for years — until Tuesday night. Comments (0) Recent Offseason tournament continues Emotions running high everywhere you look Kauai High’s Teagan Keep is state champ Contrades-Efhan leads Kapaa to KYF D2 crown Kauai’s Keep wins discus gold Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Births for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Posted: May 18, 2017 - 12:00 am Births for April 7-11, 2017 Comments (0) Leave Kalalau squatters to authorities Posted: May 17, 2017 - 12:05 am Some ideas, like cleaning up beaches, are good. Comments (1) Recent Sarah Tochiki: Music director shares love of lyrics and notes with students Jump for joy – mini trampolines bouncing back ’S’ a path to our inner harp A glimpse of cockfighting on Kauai in the ’60s ‘Pacific Century Fellows’ accepting applications Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Spring concerts this weekend Posted: May 18, 2017 - 12:45 am Chamber Music Kauai, Kauai’s only classically-oriented vocal and orchestral ensemble, will present its spring concerts at 7 p.m. Saturday and 5 p.m. Sunday at St. Michael and All Angels’ Church in Lihue. Comments (0) KCP’s latest production opens tonight Posted: May 12, 2017 - 1:15 am LIHUE — For Nellie Foster, directing Kauai Community Player’s final production of the season comes full circle. Comments (0) Recent Street Burger in Kapaa offers the classics KPAC takes a bow Concert for keiki in Waimea Student art closing on Mother’s Day Chorale concerts this weekend Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Rally powers rebound in US stocks a day after slump Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Richard Drew Rally powers rebound in US stocks a day after slump FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Posted: Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:02 am | Updated: 2:01 pm, Thu May 18, 2017. Rally powers rebound in US stocks a day after slump Associated Press | 0 comments Solid gains among phone companies and some retailers helped nudge U.S. stocks higher on Thursday, a day after the stock market had its biggest drop in eight months. Banks also recouped some of their losses. Energy and materials stocks fell. The rally came a day after the market's worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington, stoking worries among investors that President Donald Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. "People may be wanting to put money to work in stocks, but the bonds they bought yesterday, they're still going to keep those as a little bit of a hedge, just in case," said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. The Russell 2000 index of smaller stocks picked up 5.19 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,361.08. Bond prices slipped. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.23 percent from 2.22 percent. Despite the day's gains, the major stock indexes were still on course to end the week in the red. Stocks appeared headed for another down day early Thursday following sell-offs in Asia and Europe. But better-than-expected quarterly results from Wal-Mart Stores and retailers such as L Brands helped lift the market. Wal-Mart gained $2.42, or 3.2 percent, to $77.54, while L Brands rose $1.29, or 2.7 percent, to $49.69. Traders also welcomed data from the Labor Department showing that applications for unemployment benefits fell last week to the lowest level in nearly three months. Among other big movers: Incyte surged 6.9 percent on growing analyst optimism over the biopharmaceutical company's work developing cancer treatments. The stock gained $8.31 to $128.80. Weak quarterly results from other companies sent those stocks lower. Ascena Retail Group sank 27 percent after the retailer cut its forecast for its fiscal third quarter and full year, citing lagging customer traffic and other challenges. The stock lost 76 cents to $2.06. Cisco Systems fell 7.2 percent a day after the internet gear maker said it expects revenue in its fiscal third quarter to be down from a year earlier. The company also said it was laying off 1,100 workers in addition to the 5,500 job cuts Cisco announced last August. The stock gave up $2.44 to $31.38. Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 28 cents, or 0.6 percent, to close at $49.35 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 30 cents, or 0.6 percent, to settle at $52.51 a barrel in London. In other futures trading, natural gas fell 1 cent to $3.18 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline was little changed at $1.60 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.54 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold fell $5.90 to settle at $1,252.80 per ounce. Silver lost 24 cents to $16.67 per ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.53 per pound. The euro slipped to $1.1101 from $1.1150 on Wednesday. The dollar strengthened to 111.49 yen from 111.11 yen. Major stock indexes overseas closed lower. In Europe, Germany's DAX was down 0.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 was 0.5 percent lower. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.9 percent. In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.3 percent. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.3 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.6 percent. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Board OKs conditional lease for Raiders stadium in Las Vegas Board OKs conditional lease for Raiders stadium in Las Vegas Board OKs conditional lease for Raiders stadium in Las Vegas Board OKs conditional lease for Raiders stadium in Las Vegas ARTICLE: Board OKs conditional lease for Raiders stadium in Las Vegas More about General News Black leaders to Tulsa: Act on pledges of racial harmony Black leaders to Tulsa: Act on pledges of racial harmony Black leaders to Tulsa: Act on pledges of racial harmony Black leaders to Tulsa: Act on pledges of racial harmony Black leaders to Tulsa: Act on pledges of racial harmony More about Stock Indices And Averages ARTICLE: Business Highlights ARTICLE: How major US stock market indexes fared on Thursday HTML: Major U.S. Market Indices Value Over Time - Trailing Year Rally powers rebound in US stocks a day after slump Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International on Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:02 am. Updated: 2:01 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Stock Indices And Averages, Stock Markets, Financial Markets, Japanese Yen, Currency Markets, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Brent Crude Markets, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Stock Price Movements, Stock Performance, Corporate Stock, Corporate News, Retail Industry, Retail And Wholesale, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Heating Oil Markets, Refined Petroleum Product Markets, Precious Metal Markets, Metal Markets, Motor Fuel Markets, Gasoline Markets | Location Tags: United States, North America, East Asia, Asia Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories 17 arrested for closed area violations at Kalalau About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property Kayla Huddy-Lemn’s family starts to heal All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (36) 100 days of President Donald Trump (32) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (22) Kauai residents express mixed feelings about performance of country’s leader (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman EPD on the Beat – May 2017 On May 16, EPD responded to 250 calls for service and made 20 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 268 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 24. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 273, and the number of arrests was 14. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 16 is 259, and the average number of arrests, 33.    05/17/17 03:46, PRAIRIE RD/IRVING RD DUII – Case 1707823 A police officer on patrol traveling north on Highway 99N observed a white 2000 Honda Accord traveling at a high rate of speed drift over the dividing lane, and subsequently drifted over the fog line before jerking back to correct its position. The officer conducted a traffic stop of the vehicle and contacted the driver, Justin Michael Blain, age 34, of Eugene. After further investigation, Blain was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for DUII.   05/16/17 22:46, BELTLINE EB/COBURG RD DUII – Case 1707817 Police and emergency vehicles were in the area investigating a rollover crash and observed a 2009 Ford Fusion sedan travel around the emergency vehicles and road block designators, until it was unable to proceed any further. A police officer contacted the driver of the vehicle, Daniel Lee Ward, age 41, of Eugene, and after further investigation, he was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for DUII and cited for Careless Driving. On May 15, EPD responded to 271 calls for service and made 18 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 275 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 24. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 226, and the number of arrests was 30. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 15 is 226, and the average number of arrests, 34.    05/15/17 15:45, 90100 BLOCK OF PRAIRIE RD False Information To Police/Warrant – Case 1707750 A police officer on patrol observed a male subject who was walking south on Prairie Road in the northbound bicycle lane, and also observed an available sidewalk on the west side of the roadway. The officer contacted the subject, who provided false identifying information to police, and was eventually identified as Andrew Curtis Benson, age 25, of Eugene, and that he had six warrants for arrest. Benson was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail on the warrants and for False Information to Police. Benson was again contacted by police at the Lane County Jail and received eight additional charges for Fraudulent Use Credit Card (Cases 17-07285 and 17-06438). 05/15/17 12:30, BELTLINE EB/RIVER RD DUII/Reckless Driving/Hit and Run – Case 1707738 Police responded to the area regarding a hit and run and received information that an SUV entered the highway from the onramp in the number two lane and continued to travel into the number one lane and sideswiped a 2000 Honda Accord. The SUV continued to travel eastbound on Beltline after the Accord pulled off the roadway. Police located the described Ford Explorer SUV in the area near the bike bridge at Valley River Center and contacted the driver, Andrew Ryan Holman, age 26, of Eugene, and observed damage to the Explorer that appeared consistent with the information of the incident. After further investigation, police arrested Holman for Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicants, Hit and Run and Reckless Driving. He was also issued a citation for Driving While Suspended.   05/15/17 04:49, W 7TH AVE/CHAMBERS ST Disorderly Conduct – Case 1707702 Police responded to multiple calls regarding a male subject who was walking in traffic, and contacted the described subject, Erik Robert Farr, age 32, of Eugene. Following contact with Farr, he was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Disorderly Conduct.   05/15/17 00:56, 2300 BLOCK OF ROOSEVELT BLVD Harassment/Warrant – Case 1707699 Police responded to an apartment at the location regarding a dispute between two male subjects who were staying at the residence. Police received information that the two subjects were in a verbal dispute that escalated when Sean William Brenton, age 32, pushed the 51-year-old male victim, who fell and hit his head. Following contact with Brenton, police found information to arrest him on a warrant. He was transported to the Lane County Jail on the warrant and cited for Harassment. On May 14, EPD responded to 202 calls for service and made 18 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 282 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 26. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 286, and the number of arrests was 22. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 14 is 250, and the average number of arrests, 26.    Last week (Sunday, May 7 – Saturday, May 13) EPD responded to 1,974 calls for service and made 180 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last four weeks is 1,852 with 218 arrests. The number of calls for service during the same week last year was 1,979 with 196 arrests. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service for this period was 1,693 and there were 198 arrests. On May 10, EPD responded to 274, calls for service and made 21 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 296 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 25. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 257, and the number of arrests was 22. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 10 is 225, and the average number of arrests, 26.  05/11/17 02:43, 399 JEFFERSON ST/W 4TH AVE Carry Concealed Weapon, Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1707449 An officer patrolling observed a woman, later identified as Jaimie Alexandra Howell, age 20, in the Washington Jefferson Park after hours. He contacted her and found that she had a warrant. He arrested her on the warrant and found that she was in possession of methamphetamine and a concealed double-edged knife. She was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine and Carry Concealed Weapon. She was warned for violation of park rules. 05/11/17 00:01, 4098 W 11TH AVE/S BERTELSEN RD Warrant – Case 1707444 An officer was driving in the area and noticed an Acura Integra with very dark tinted side windows. He performed a traffic stop and contacted the driver, Matthew Anthony Ray Whipps-Hicks, age 27, of Eugene. He found that Whipps-Hicks’ driver’s license was suspended and that Whipps-Hicks had three warrants for arrest (Lane County Circuit Court Failure to Appear on charges of Hit and Run and Reckless Endangering, and Municipal Court Failure to Appear Resisting Arrest, and a parole violation for Rape 3). Whipps-Hicks’ license was suspended Driving While Suspended violation for Failure to Appear at a hearing. He was taken into custody on the warrants and issued a citation for Driving While Suspended and Driving Uninsured. 05/10/17 17:48, 3510 W 11TH AVE Interfering with Police Officer, Animal Abuse – Case 1707432 An officer was sent to help an animal welfare officer locate the owner of a male British Bulldog, Cletus, who had recently bitten two people and needed to be quarantined. They located the owner, Benjamin Scott Goodman, age 39, across the street from his vehicle. He walked over with his two dogs, including Cletus. He was advised of the need for quarantine for Cletus and he became upset. He indicated he would rather kill Cletus and appeared to start to choke the dog. An officer intervened with a warning and advised Goodman he would be tased if he did not comply. Goodman slammed Cletus on the ground and officers commanded Goodman to get on the ground. After initially not complying Goodwill got on the ground. Goodman was cited for Animal Abuse 2, and Cletus was impounded. The other dog was taken into Animal Welfare as Goodman was going to jail and no one could care for her. 03/06/17 09:00, Eugene Area Fraudulent Use Credit Card, ID Theft, Fail to Register as Sex Offender – Case 1705688 A 40-year-old man had applied for a credit card, but not received it. He was contacted by the credit card company as he had an overdue payment on the card that he hadn’t received. After an investigation, his former roommate, Christopher S Fish, age 40, of Eugene, was found to have taken the card and used it. Fish also had not registered his address and is a sex offender, and he was wanted on a Parole Violation for a previous conviction of Identity Theft. He was arrested on the warrant and also charged with Fraudulent Use Credit Card, ID Theft, and Failure to Register as a Sex Offender. 05/10/17 11:44, E 29TH AVE/WILLAMETTE ST Disorderly Subject – Case 1707398 Police responded to the area regarding a female who was yelling, screaming and kicking a vehicle. Police located the described subject, Rosemary Vesta Gray, age 39, of Eugene, and contacted her regarding the information. She was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Disorderly Conduct.   05/10/17 09:31, 300 BLOCK OF N ADAMS ST Felon In Possession of Firearm/Possession of Methamphetamine/Criminal Trespass 2 – Case 1707392 A police officer patrolling the south bank bike trail in Maurie Jacobs Park was flagged down regarding camping and contacted Jesus Anthony Marinez, age 27, of Eugene, who was in the area. During contact with Marinez, the police officer found that he was in possession of a firearm and illegal drugs. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Felon In Possession of a Firearm, Carry Concealed Weapon, Possession of Methamphetamine and Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree. On May 9, EPD responded to 299, calls for service and made 18 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 294 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 26. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 246, and the number of arrests was 21. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 9 is 239, and the average number of arrests, 38. 05/10/17 02:40, 3100 CROCKER RD Possession of Heroin, Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1707373 An officer spotted a Ford Escape with an obstructed rear window and noted the drive did not signal 100 feet prior to stopping along a curb. He contacted the driver, Wade Allen Arndt, age 49, of Eugene. Arndt did not have a driver’s license and there was a machete sticking up between the seat and center console. The officer asked him to get out of the car due to this and Arndt was compliant. The officer saw drug paraphernalia in the car. Arndt was suspended by Oregon DMV for Failure to Appear and he was also found to be in possession of heroin and meth. Arndt was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine and Possession of Heroin. 05/10/17 00:49, 4055 WAGNER ST Carry Concealed Weapon, Tampering with Physical Evidence, Possession of Methamphetamine, False Info to Police Officer – Case 1707371 An officer responded to the area of N. Clarey and Aerial Way regarding possible drug activity near a parked Ford Explorer. He contacted three individuals, including Nicholas Daniel Smith, age 19, of Eugene. Smith initially provided a false name and was in possession of brass knuckles. He was taken into custody and it was found he had a warrant out of Benton County for Possession of Controlled Substance Methamphetamine. He was found to be in Possession of Methamphetamine. Smith was charged with Carry Concealed Weapon, Tampering with Physical Evidence, Possession of Methamphetamine, and Providing False Info to Police Officer. 05/09/17 21:27, 590 E BROADWAY DUII, Driving While Suspended, Open Container – Case 1707366 An officer was dispatched after a man was reported to be intoxicated after driving to the 7-Eleven at 590 E. Broadway. The officer arrived and observed the man, later identified as Aceves-Arenzas Raul Garbriel Aceves-Arenzas, age 44, of Harrisburg, leaving in his car, then parking it on W. 2nd Avenue and Lawrence. The officer performed a stop and contacted the driver. After an investigation, an open container was found in the vehicle and it was found that Aceves-Arenzas was driving while suspended. He was charged with DUII, Driving While Suspended, and Open Container. 05/08/17 17:30, 1675 W 18TH AVE UUV, Forgery 1, ID Theft, Possession of Methamphetamine, Warrant – Case 1707359 A 1995 BVW sedan was stolen from a car dealership on May 8 after the female who entered the vehicle showed ID that was not hers, along with a check. She test drove it, but did not return. The check returned as not being valid. The car was spotted by the owner of the dealership and then it was parked at Albertson’s on W. 18th. There were four occupants and three entered the store, while one left the area. Officer arrived quickly and got a good description of the driver. Officers contacted the driver, Lindsay Kay Watson, age 34, inside the store. After an investigation it was found she had warrants out of Albany. she was charged with Unauthorized Use of a Vehicle, Forgery I, Identity Theft, and UPCS Methamphetamine. 03/12/17 19:07, 60 DIVISION AVE The suspect in the above case, was also a suspect in this one – Case 1706911 A woman, later identified as Lindsay Kay Watson, age 34, was found to have left the store with more than $1,000 of merchandise. She walked away from security who tried to stop her, and left in a vehicle. Video surveillance and a Lane County Mug Shots photo helped lead to identifying Watson. When she was arrested in case 1707359, above, she was also charged with Theft 1, for the shoplift. 05/09/17 20:09, 1165 WILLAMETTE ST Reckless Endangering – Case 1707364 A man and woman were having a verbal dispute and an officer was sent to the location. When he arrived, he found the man standing on the sidewalk looking above him and yelling. The officer found that while the two were fighting, a third party in a second-story apartment, identified as Donald Arthur Rich, age 41, of Eugene, had thrown large objects out of his window at the pair. The woman was able to get out of the way, but the man needed help as he had to get out of his wheel chair. After an investigation Rich was charged with Reckless Endangering. 05/09/17 07:00, 4550 W 11TH AVE Theft 1 – Case 1707322 An officer was sent to report of a trespasser in the 1200 block of Interior Street. When the officer arrived, the trespasser had left but the officer was provided a report that the subject had a cart full of possible stolen items that were still at the location, and a description of the suspect. This was close to Walmart and the shopping cart was from Walmart. The officer contacted Walmart and she got further details of a theft that had occurred earlier in the morning. She was able to identify the suspect as Natasha Ariane Hargrove, age 37, and that more than $1,000 in merchandise had been taken. Another officer stopped Hargrove at 1200 Bertelsen Road and the first officer took her into custody. 05/09/17 11:08, 2455 WILLAKENZIE RD Possession of Heroin, Criminal Trespass 2, Warrant – Case 1707328 An EPD School Resource officer at Sheldon High School received reports of a man, later identified as Anthony Jason Madonna, age 36, of Springfield, camping inside a tent near the high school softball field, which was on school property. Upon arrival, the officer contacted Madonna and found Madonna had two felony warrants. During the contact, the officer also found that Madonna was in possession of heroin. The officer took him into custody on the warrants and also charged him with Possession of Heroin and Criminal Trespass 2. 05/09/17 03:54, 300 BLOCK OF SUNSET DR Burglary 1, Unlawful Entry Motor Vehicle, Warrant – Case 1707312 In the early morning hours, a couple heard a noise in their garage and went to investigate. The male victim encountered a man, later identified as Zachary Michael Lobue, age 33, at the front of his garage and chased him north on Sunset Drive. The suspect dropped a cell phone during the chase. The victim stopped running and called 911. It was discovered that items had been taken from the garage, which they had forgotten to secure. The responding officers got a good description of the suspect. A community member called to report seeing the suspect at Franklin and Onyx. Based on that tip, EPD officers located Lobue at 11th and Franklin. Lobue had a warrant and he was taken into custody on that and also charged with Burglary 1 and Unlawful Entry Motor Vehicle. 05/09/17 05:47, 3700 CENTURY DR APT: BLK Possession of Methamphetamine, Warrant – Case 1707255 An officer on patrol saw a man on a bike without a rear reflector or red light. He stopped the man, identified as Derrick Joseph Bloomstrom, age 35. During the contact, the officer found Bloomstrom had four warrants for his arrest and was in possession of methamphetamine. His backpacks contained credit cards, gift cards, checks and mail for 17 different people. Attempts to locate victims of theft were not successful. Bloomstrom was taken into custody on the warrants and charged with Possession of Methamphetamine. On May 8, EPD responded to 314 calls for service and made 20 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 286 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 26. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 232, and the number of arrests was 37. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 8 is 235, and the average number of arrests, 32.    05/08/17 23:27, 940 WILLAMETTE ST Harassment/Resisting Arrest – Case 1707304 Police responded to the area regarding two teenage females who were harassed by a group of juvenile subjects. Arriving officers observed the described subjects in the area of W. 10th Avenue, just east of Olive Street, and contacted a 16-year-old female juvenile who was charged with two counts of Physical Harassment and Resisting Arrest. During the arrest, the group of subjects surrounding the officers became hostile and a bystander intervened. Police transported the juvenile subject to SERBU and returned to the location after receiving information that the 52-year-old bystander had been assaulted (Case 1707303). The victim was transported to the hospital with serious injuries. 05/08/17 17:44, 100 BLOCK OF IOWA ST Felon In Possession of Restricted Weapon/Possession of Heroin/Warrant – Case 1707300 Police responded to a vacant lot regarding suspicious conditions and contacted a male subject who was in the area. During contact with the subject, David Michael Payne, age 57, of Eugene, police found that he had two warrants for arrest and was in possession of illegal drugs and a firearm. He was transported to the Lane County Jail on the warrants and for Possession of Heroin, Possession of Methamphetamine and Felon In Possession of a Firearm.    05/08/17 14:54, N WASHINGTON ST/CHESHIRE AVE Failure to Register Sex Offender/Warrant – Case 1707289 Police responded to Sinner’s Butte Park near N. Washington Street regarding a dispute and contacted Brian Matthew Lott, age 43, of Eugene. During contact with Lott, police found information to arrest him for Failure to Register Sex Offender and a warrant. He was transported to the Lane County Jail. 05/08/17 07:28, 1400 BLOCK OF OAK PATCH RD Criminal Trespass 1/Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1707266 Police responded to a residence at the location regarding multiple trespassers who were observed on the premises of an unoccupied residence. Police located the two subjects at the residence, Jason Michael Furgason, age 42, of Eugene, and Michaela Christine Pond, age 27, of Eugene. Police contacted both subjects and cited Furgason in lieu of custody for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree. Pond was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Possession of Methamphetamine and Criminal Trespass in the First Degree. On May 4, EPD responded to 297 calls for service and made 21 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 269 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 30. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 255, and the number of arrests was 26. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 4 is 220, and the average number of arrests, 25.  05/05/17 00:55, HARLOW RD/FENSTER ST DUII/Reckless Driving – Case 1707067 Police responded to the area regarding a motorcycle crash and the arriving officer observed the blue 1996 Yamaha XV7 on its side in the middle of the road on Fenster Street. Police contacted the driver of the vehicle, Jonathan Cannoy, age 34, of Eugene, and after further investigation, found information to arrest him for DUII and Reckless Driving. 05/04/17 17:43, 2900 BLOCK OF STARK ST Interfering With Police Officer/Criminal Trespass 2/Warrant – Case 1707052 A police officer patrolling the area attempted to contact a female subject, Chloe Elizabeth Cantwell, age 25, of Eugene, who was recognized to have a warrant for arrest. When the officer exited the vehicle, Cantwell subsequently ran and continued to run after being given direction to stop. Police eventually located Cantwell, who was on the property of a residence without permission on the 2900 block of Crocker Road. She was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree, Interfering With Police Officer and a warrant. 05/04/17 09:35, 4TH AVE/CHAMBERS ST DUII – Case 1707003 A police officer contacted the driver of a silver 2000 Mercedes Benz, Fidel Toribio Contreras-Sanchez, age 33, of Half Moon Bay California, after the vehicle was observed traveling south through a red light at the intersection of W. 2nd Avenue and Chambers Street. After further investigation, Contreras-Sanchez was arrested for DUII and cited for Failure To Obey Traffic Control Device. 05/04/17 02:59, W 7TH AVE/WILLAMETTE ALY Reckless Endangering/DUII – Case 1706991 A police officer patrolling the area observed a green 2001 Volvo weaving within its lane and changing lanes without signaling. The officer conducted a traffic stop of the vehicle and contacted the driver, Denice Francine Delbozque, age 24, of Eugene. After further investigation, she was arrested for DUII and Reckless Endangering. She was also cited for Driving While Suspended, Unsignaled Lane Change, and Driving Uninsured. 05/03/17 21:57, OLIVE ST/W BROADWAY Disorderly Conduct – Case 1706985 A police officer responded to a dispute at the location and received information of a male subject who had been approaching people in the area, yelling and behaving aggressively. Police contacted the subject, James Walter Everett, age 46, of Eugene, and were able to get him to leave the area. Minutes later, police were flagged down regarding Everett’s behavior and received information that he was approaching people and trying to get them to fight him. Police again contacted Everett and he continued to behave in a hostile manner with the officers. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Disorderly Conduct.   On May 3, EPD responded to 293 calls for service and made 15 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 263 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 33. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 260, and the number of arrests was 16. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 3 is 223, and the average number of arrests, 31.  05/03/17 07:42, 300 GOODPASTURE ISLAND RD APT Illegal Burning – Case 1706952 An officer was sent to the bike bridge just east of Goodpasture Island Road after a complaint about an illegal fire. The officer got there and followed the smoke to a camp with an open fire. He contacted two men, and one of them, Donam Lehi Gunter, age 42, was cited for Prohibited Outdoor Burning.  05/03/17 02:56, 3548 WILLOWBROOK ST/SANBORN AVE Unauthorized Use of Vehicle, Interfere with Police Officer – Case 1706948 An officer spotted a vehicle with a driver, later identified as Jacob Linus Evans, age 24. The officer noted the vehicle matched a stolen vehicle on his list. He followed it, but the car turned at Willowbrook Street and he found the car parked at a residence with no one inside. However, he did hear a noise coming from the backyard of the home. Officers and K-9 responded to search the area and K-9 Cjuk located Evans hiding in the backyard. The K9 officer called out for Evans to come out as the K-9 would be sent in if he didn’t. After there was no response, K9 Cjuk and his handler successfully took Evans into custody. He was charged with Unauthorized Use of Vehicle and Interfering with Police.  05/03/17 13:20, 200 BLOCK OF E 13TH AVE Criminal Trespass 1 – Case 1706962 Police responded to the location regarding a disorderly subject who had jumped multiple fences near the Circle K and was observed in the middle of the roadway yelling at cars. When police arrived, officers observed the subject, Casey Christian Westell, age 25, climb an apartment building and enter a residence on the second floor of the location. Police contacted him inside the residence and arrested him for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree.  05/02/17 21:51, 595 HWY 99N Possession of Methamphetamine – Case 1706942 An officer saw a Honda Civic jump the curb from Patty’s parking lot onto north bound Hwy. 99N. He stopped the vehicle and contacted the driver, Rina Yesenia Zaragoza, age 36, of Eugene, and found she was suspended for Delivery of Methamphetamine and currently on probation. After an investigation, she was found to be in possession of meth. She was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine. The officer also contacted the passenger, Daniel Alvarado Navarrete, age 24, of Eugene, and found that he had three warrants and was in possession of meth. He was charged with Possession of Methamphetamine and taken into custody on the warrants.  05/03/17 01:41, 1960 FRANKLIN BLVD Disorderly Conduct, Warrant – Case 1706947 An officer was sent to help CAHOOTS with a subject. When get got there, he found CAHOOTS was trying to get an intoxicated man to the hospital. The man, later identified as Steven Scott Sims, age 34, was walking in and out of traffic. He was also reported to have been hiding in the bushes and jumping out in front of women when they walked by, and trying to provoke a fight with security in the area. The officer contacted Sims at the 7-Eleven at 13th and Alder. Sims had a warrant for Theft 3 out of Sweethome. He was taken into custody and also charged with Disorderly Conduct. On May 2, EPD responded to 283 calls for service and made 23 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 255 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 33. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 264, and the number of arrests was 16. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 2 is 261, and the average number of arrests, 31.  05/03/17 01:41, 1900 BLOCK OF FRANKLIN BLVD Disorderly Conduct/Warrant – Case 1706947 Police responded to the area of 13th Avenue and Alder regarding a male subject who was observed walking in and out of traffic and jumping out at people as they walked by. Police contacted the subject, Steven Scott Sims, age 34, of Eugene, and arrested him for Disorderly Conduct and a warrant. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  05/02/17 21:52, 2600 BLOCK OF ROOSEVELT BLVD Criminal Trespass 1 – Case 1706944 Police responded to the area regarding a trespasser who was contacted by Portland Western Railroad and refused to leave the property. Police contacted the subject, Ronald Twiles Guptill, age 55, who was in the area of the railroad tracks and cited him in lieu of custody for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree. 05/02/17 19:35, 1080 WILLAMETTE STREET Assault/Disorderly Conduct/Interfering With Police – Case 1706937 Police responded to the area regarding a male subject who was observed assaulting another male subject at the location. The officer contacted the subject, Marquel Duan Cary, age 19, of Eugene, and he refused to follow direction and ran east through West Broadway Alley toward Willamette Street. Officers eventually contacted the subject in the 900 block area of Willamette Street and arrested him for Disorderly Conduct, Assault and a Interfering With Police. He was transported to the Lane County Jail. The 17-year-old victim was evaluated for minor injuries at the scene.  05/02/17 10:22, 2580 HILYARD ST Violation Park Rules – Case 1706901 An RV owner was reported parked at the Amazon Pool lot for several days and was reported to be cultivating marijuana in public view. An officer was dispatched to the location. He contacted the RV’s owner, William Watson Canfield, age 72. There was a marijuana plant in a pot on the RV’s hood. Canfield was cited for Violation of Park Rules and issued a 30-day park restriction. On May1, EPD responded to 257 calls for service and made 17 arrests. The average number of calls for service over the last seven days is 259 and the average number of arrests over the last seven days is 36. The number of calls for service on this day last year was 272, and the number of arrests was 34. Over the last three years, the average number of calls for service received on May 1 is 252, and the average number of arrests, 40.  05/01/17 03:10, 1060 JEFFERSON ST DUII Crash – Case 1706825 A single vehicle crashed and was on its roof at the location. Medics checked both occupants, who were not injured. An officer was dispatched as well and when he got there, he suspected impairment on the part of the driver,  Kylie Nicole Treadwell, age 23, of Eugene. During the investigation, it was found that Treadwell had hit a parked vehicle on the west side of Jefferson Street, before crashing onto its top. Treadwill was charged with DUII. 05/01/17 05:37, 2 CLUB RD/DAY ISLAND RD DUII – Case 1706821 An officer saw a Lexus in front of him going around a curve north onto Ferry Street Bridge then it crossed the divided line and sped onto the bridge. The officer stopped the vehicle and upon contacting the driver, Arvin Sanchez, age 28, of Eugene, he suspected impairment. After an investigation Sanchez was charged with DUII, and Failure to Drive in a Single Lane. 04/30/17 22:04, 100 W 8TH AVE/OLIVE ST DUII – Case 1706818 An officer spotted a Kia Spectra approaching a stop sign and it slowed, then turned and ran up and over the curb. The driver failed to use a turn signal when turning. It drove into W. 8th Alley, behind the Horsehead Tavern. The officer stopped the vehicle and contacted the driver, Stacey Ray Aldrich, age 42, of Eugene. Aldrich appeared impaired and after an investigation Aldrich was charged with DUII, Driving Uninsured, Failure to Obey Traffic Control Device, Improper Right Turn, Un-signaled Left Turn, and Open Container in Vehicle. 05/01/17 15:10, 4735 JESSEN DR APT Possession of Methamphetamine, Warrants – Case 1706864 An officer was sent to Golden Gardens Park to help an animal welfare officer with two wanted subjects. The officer identified the two as Stephanie Heather Grabb, age 38, of Eugene; and Mark Kevin Brown, age 50. During arrest, it was found Grabb was in possession of methamphetamine. Both were taken into custody on their warrants and Grabb was also charged with Possession of Methamphetamine. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Benefit of Stepping Outside Your Comfort Zone Next PostNext Electronics Recycling Event Scheduled for Saturday, May 20, 2017 Search Recent Posts Advanced Analytics Market Size Estimates USD 60.44 Billion by 2021: Zion Market Research Photo of Dolby Laboratories CEO Kevin Yeaman Joining the Downtown Streets Team Available on Business Wire’s Website and the Associated Press Photo Network SON (Self-Organizing Networks) Ecosystem 2017 Global Market to Grow $5 Billion and Forecast to 2030 SON (Self-Organizing Networks) Ecosystem 2017 Global Market to Grow $5 Billion and Forecast to 2030 Dual SIM Smartphone Market 2017 Global Industry Sales, Consumption and Key Players Analysis Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2826 comments Featured Guns Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Home Depot Delivers Another Strong Quarter as Ford Considers Major Layoffs The home improvement retailer is firing on all cylinders, while the automaker is ... not. Chris Hill (TMFWizard) May 18, 2017 at 3:00PM On this episode of Market Foolery, Chris Hill and Bill Barker dig into Home Depot's (NYSE:HD) upbeat quarterly report as the company continues to deliver impressive growth without expanding its network of stores. Meanwhile, Ford (NYSE:F) is planning steep job cuts, and massive technological disruption looms over the auto industry. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 16, 2017. Chris Hill: It's Tuesday, May 16th. Welcome to Market Foolery. I'm Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today, from Motley Fool Funds, Bill Barker. Thanks for being here! Bill Barker: Thanks for having me! Hill: We're just chugging along through the month of May. We have Memorial Day just around the corner. But we're still getting it done with earnings. Barker: Are you looking forward to Memorial Day? It's like two weeks away. Hill: Who doesn't like Memorial Day weekend? Come on. It's one more excuse to grill. We're going to dip into what's happening in the automotive industry, which is not great, and online publishing, but we have to start with Home Depot, which is the No. 1 home improvement chain in America, and they proved why once again with their first quarter report. Their profits were higher than expected, their same store sales were up 5.5%. Their average ticket order was up. Are they bulletproof right now? Is there anything that this company is -- if you're a bear, if god forbid, you're one of those poor souls out there who says, "I think I'm going to short Home Depot," do you have anything you can point to? Because this is one of those quarters that makes you understand why the stock is hitting an all-time high today. Barker: Yeah, I don't know what you have if you're a bear and you want to find fault here. The valuation isn't that high, and housing has a lot of room to go, probably, unless you have specific numbers that you're relying on that no one else is seeing, I don't know what you're seeing. The company is doing a very good job of simply growing what it has. It's not really growing stores at all. It has about the same number of stores, depots, I suppose, rather than stores, open that it had five or six years ago. So its guidance for comps and total sales growth are the same, right now around the 5% area. Then, it's buying back some shares, and it's improving margins, and it's all wound up with a low-teens to mid-teens growth rate. Hill: You mentioned the share count, it's come down pretty substantially. I think it's almost been cut in half over the last 13 years or so. There's about 1.3 billion shares outstanding right now, in 2004, the stat I saw this morning, it was up around 2.7 billion. So it's really impressive that they are, on the one hand, methodically bringing down the share count, but they are also bringing that same day in and day out operational excellence to their stores themselves. And as you said, they're not growing their store count, which makes me think that this is an incredibly disciplined management team. Barker: Right, the capital allocation equation here is, let's keep what we have, I'm sure they're closing down the store or two here or there, opening up one here or there. But they aren't in the "let's build another 100 stores across the country this year" model that a lot of other places are, whether it's McDonald's or AutoZone or plenty of other things. And they are really about the only game in retail right now that's working, Home Depot and Lowe's. So, it is the housing market. Let's not give management all the credit. We'll give them plenty of credit, but housing is a good place to be, and it is not getting disrupted on the retail side the way everything else is, including automotive parts. Automotive parts is a little bit better than clothing and books, things that have really been disrupted and are never coming back. But when you're going out on Sunday and fixing up your home, and you're going up to Home Depot or Lowe's, a local place, whatever -- Hill: Ace Hardware. Barker: You're not waiting for Amazon for 48 hours to get you the stuff, because you're getting it right now. Actually, a lot of, 40% I think, of Home Depot's sales are to the professional contractor. That's also not being disrupted. Hill: Yeah. And I think there's also something to the customer experience, in the same way that online shopping, regardless of what the online shopping destination is, they're hopefully providing greater convenience, I think that is, for a lot of people, part of the experience with Home Depot and Lowe's. They actually like it, it's an excuse to get out of the house, I actually want to go and compare the paint samples, that sort of thing, and kill a little time doing things that way. Barker: I think it is, you're doing something. It feels like -- Hill: It feels good. Barker: It feels like, I'm on a mission, I'm going to make my house better, I'm not just buying stuff. Maybe this is revealing something about me, but it's not that, you buy stuff and then it sits around the house. At Home Depot, you're buying something and then you're implementing it. Hill: Putting it to use. Barker: And then you're going to claim, later in the day, "I did a lot of stuff today, so I deserve some credit. I went to the store, and not only did I buy something, but I actually put those light bulbs in." Hill: Speaking of light bulbs, what percentage of trips to any sort of home improvement store -- Barker: 100%. Hill: Wait for it. Would you say involve you bringing something to the store that you need to replace? That, you haven't written something down, you haven't memorized it, but you're actually bringing in the light bulb, you're bringing in the screw, and you walk in and you're basically looking for an employee, saying, "See this thing I'm holding in my hand? Where can I find another one just like this?" What percentage? Barker: Of me, or everybody? Hill: You. Barker: Close to 0%. Hill: Really? Barker: Yeah. Hill: Oh, for me, it's at least, somewhere in the neighborhood of 50%. Barker: No, I'm in the category of stereotypical men who go in and I'm not asking for directions on anything, it does not matter how long it takes me. It doesn't matter how many times I'm asked, "Can I help you?" No, I'm just looking, I'll find the specific screw that I'm looking for. I'm not saying that's a good thing. For you, it's much higher than zero? Hill: It's much higher than zero. But that's also part of the Home Depot store, that's part of the turnaround for them, after Nardelli left, part of what management decided to do was, "Let's actually be helpful, let's train staff, let's, maybe not overstaff, but let's make sure our stores are properly staffed, so that when people come in, we have people who can help them, who can find exactly what they're looking for, and then they're going to come back." And I think that's a big part of the turnaround for Home Depot. Barker: It is working, for them to be getting pretty consistent 5% comp improvements year to year, I think the two year stack, the comp from a year ago plus the comp this year, it's more like 12% to 13% for Home Depot. That's really impressive, in a time of very little inflation to be getting 12% more sales out of the same square footage over the last two years, adjusting for inflation, you're talking about 8% or something like that. They have got everything going very well right now, and the bear case is dependent on the housing market currently being overheated, which it does not yet appear to be. Hill: Let's move on to the automotive industry. There are multiple reports out this morning that Ford Motor is planning to cut around 10% of its jobs around the world. Ford Motors has around 200,000 employees. As of this taping, Ford has not confirmed this report. But for the sake of this conversation, let's just assume these reports are accurate, and they are, in fact, looking to cut about 20,000 people from their workforce. When you look at their profit margins, when you look at the stock hovering around a five-year low, it kind of makes sense that they would take this approach. Barker: It does, they have to find savings somewhere, and employees are, more or less, always the most expensive part of your business. The stories that are coming out, which, as you pointed out, are not yet confirmed, point to Ford looking to buy out employees rather than having layoffs, and reduce their costs over the long-term that way, by reducing pension obligations in particular, which is always an issue. So I think it is not going to be good times over the next decade or two for automotive workers, as much as this Administration would like to claim that it's going to be different. Hill: Yeah. You forwarded a report to me from I think your colleague Nate Weisshaar down in Fool Funds about a recent conference having to do with, among other things, autonomous driving. And one of the takeaways in this report appears to be that the timeframe for autonomous driving, when are self-driving cars coming, when is autonomous driving going to be much more mainstream? And the timeframe for the folks writing this report was, "We went into this thing thinking 2025 to 2030. That's roughly when we were thinking autonomous driving would come. And now that we've gone to this well-attended conference and listen to all of these presentations, our conclusion is it's going to be sooner than that, we think it's going to be 2020 to 2025." And, I think to your point about tough times for auto makers, I think there are a bunch of factors that go into this, certainly pension obligations is one of them. But I think the technology part of this is a big disruptor in the automotive industry. And I have no idea where it's going, but it really does seem like ... I don't want to compare automotive companies to retailers, but I think in the same way that, I think Ron Gross made the point last week on Motley Fool Money that, when you look at the retail industry, the general retailers, the fact is, some of them just aren't going to make it. And that is, unfortunately for the people who work there, how capitalism works. And I think you could probably say the same thing about the automotive companies. Not in the next couple years, but certainly 10 to 20 years down the line, some of them just aren't going to make it. Barker: Let's give credit to the authors of this report that we're going to riff off of. ReThink X is the entity that produced this, and the specific authors are James Arbib and Tony Seba. This was a very recent report. The authors' analysis is that this is going to be a much bigger disruption, really, even than retail. You say you don't want to compare it to retail. If you read this report and buy into it, or just entertain what might be, it's bigger than the change that has occurred yet to retail. Amazon came around 20 years ago. Retail is suffering right now, but it still looks a lot like our retail experience 20 years ago. Maybe you're buying 5%, maybe 95%, of your stuff from Amazon. But as much as malls are in decline, they're pretty much all still there. This is projecting that once autonomous vehicles are approved, the adoption is going to be rapid, because you're going to be able to save somewhere up to 90% of your driving costs. The report projects that 95% of miles by 2030, not that long from now, will be done by autonomous vehicles. Not necessarily 95% of the vehicles, but the actual miles covered, because the cars are these fleets of cars out there, and you will no longer need to own a car. You're not using your car close to 100% of the day. But with fleets of autonomous vehicles, they will be, once the electrical equation is improved, this is going to disrupt the oil industry and everything that services the oil industry, and oil prices are going to plummet, and the insurance rates are going to go down, and the cost of cars is going to go down. It's pretty comprehensive what the changes could be. And this is two peoples' opinion about how it's going to go. But we have seen some things disrupted far more than we ever expected them to be. Hill: And to take the insurance piece of that, at the recent Berkshire Hathaway meeting, Buffett talked about self-driving cars. Buffett, there are plenty of things he will tell you he doesn't know a lot about, but he knows the insurance business, and he's looking out at self-driving cars and seeing, "Oh, yeah, that's totally going to hammer Geico, and any other business that looks like Geico." Barker: Yeah. If nobody in the family needs to be insured, and no cars need to be insured, that is going to decimate Geico. And the number of accidents and repairs, if the technology is brought to where people hope it will be, it's going to change a lot of things, or potentially could. So Ford, right now, is facing declining auto sales. I think the last four months have seen declining auto sales, not just for Ford but industrywide. That is the first time that has been the case since 2009. Now, invoking 2009, first time blah blah since 2009, might make it seem like, ooh, there's panic that we should consider, and I'm not claiming that. Actually, the profitability is pretty good right now, because people are, again, buying heavier and bigger cars and trucks, SUVs, given the price of oil and gas. So it is not terrible times. But if you're looking out over the factors, and Ford is certainly concentrating on what the future will be for its industry, how it participates in whatever the future ends up being, it looks like you don't need as many employees. Hill: Tronc is back in the news, the online publishing company with one of the worst names in the public markets, the parent company of the Chicago Tribune. Tronc has signed a non-binding financial agreement to buy, I think I'm pronouncing this correctly, Wrapports Holdings, which is the parent company of the Chicago Sun-Times. So, the parent of the Chicago Tribune is looking to buy the parents of the Chicago Sun-Times, which begs the question, why in God's name would they do that? It's not like Tronc has big piles of money sitting around. Barker: Economies of scale. Hill: Really? That's why? And they're so sure of this move that they took the bold step of signing a non-binding financial agreement? This just strikes me as, among other things, sad. Like, look, you want to go out and buy your rival newspaper? Go for it. Barker: I really feel like Tronc did something personally to you, your enmity toward them. Hill: A lot of it has to do with the name. Barker: Most of it. Almost all. Hill: Almost all of it has to do with the name. Barker: Some 90% has to do with the name, because their crimes against you other than adopting the name Tronc are pretty limited, aren't they? Hill: They're basically non-existent. Barker: The Chicago Bulls have taken out your Celtics a couple times over the years. Hill: Not this year. Honestly, here's what bothers me: as someone who has spent his adult life in various realms of the media world -- Barker: You're sort of an expert on the media. Hill: I wouldn't say I'm an expert, but -- Barker: Listeners out there, by the way, this is the way to always put somebody on the defensive. When you're looking for advice, just go like, "You're sort of an expert on ... " And then immediately, people -- non-Donald Trump people -- disclaim their expertise on almost all topics that you would approach them about, claiming they're an expert. Hill: Going back to Memorial Day weekend, which is coming up, this is absolutely a great move to pull at a barbecue or a party at some point, when you're standing with a group of people. Just like, "Jim. You're kind of an expert on biochemistry. Let me ask you a question." And then just watch Jim's face. Barker: Even if it's their job. But you are sort of an expert on the media. Hill: Uh, I wouldn't -- Barker: See? There you go. "Uh ... " Hill: Expert, I wouldn't go that far. Barker: It's your full-time employment. Hill: Well that, yeah. But as I think we both know, just because you're fully employed in one job doesn't make you an expert on that job. Barker: That's what I'm saying. Hill: But in the case of Tronc, I guess I'm just bothered, among other things, beyond the name, I'm bothered because I am generally a fan of media. I appreciate when media is well done and well executed and well managed. That's why it's great to see entities like The New York Times and The Washington Post pull off -- at least, they appear to be in the process of successful pulling off -- the transition from the printed newspaper business to the digital business. The fact that Tronc is going about things in such a ham-handed way, I think, offends my sensibilities. And again, have some guts. You want to buy your rival newspaper? Do that. But don't come to me with this weak, "Well, we're going to sign this piece of paper, but we can get out of this, right? It's non-binding? Great, we'll do that." Barker: Alright. I only brought it up today because I knew you would like to vent. I don't have any real insights on what they're up to today. In Philadelphia, we had the experience of the two major papers being all under one roof. So it's not that unusual to me. We'll see whether it works. It may be the case that there just isn't room for two local papers in even a market as big as Chicago. New York still does it. We'll see for how long. But New York is kind of an entity unto itself. The normal rules of economics don't always apply there. What's the No. 2 paper in LA? I'm afraid I don't know it. Hill: I believe it's the LA Daily News, but I was about to mention LA. In New York City, you have the New York Times,the New York Post, and Newsday. The LA Times is so much bigger and more relevant than the Daily News -- sorry for anyone listening who may have some connection to the LA Daily News. But, you can live in New York City, and there are legitimate reasons to subscribe to all three of those newspapers. And I think, just from a smile standpoint, it's going to be a sad day if the New York Post ever goes under. What's on the cover and the back cover of the New York Post? I always want to know that. Barker: There's a lot of gold on those covers. Hill: There's always gold. Barker: There was a good one today. Hill: Was there? Barker: Yeah. It was Leaker-In-Chief, wasn't it? Hill: Yes, or maybe that was yesterday. Also, the back page at the Post, for anyone who's a sports fan, that's always a good one to check out. Before we wrap up, we were talking on yesterday's show about the Oreos contest that's being run by Mondelez. Sneak preview of coming attractions, for anyone who listens to Motley Fool Answers, which is one of our weekly podcasts here at the Fool, hosted by Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp, next week's episode, I may be making a cameo, because Alison Southwick asked me about doing, possibly, a blind taste test around Oreos. We'll see. I make no promises, but right now, that's a potential sneak preview of coming attractions. Speaking of Fool podcasts, today is David Gardner's birthday, co-founder here at The Motley Fool with his brother Tom, and host of Rule Breaker Investing. I would just say, for David's birthday, you should be subscribing to Rule Breaker Investing. One click of the button on Apple podcasts or Stitcher or wherever you listen to podcasts, one touch of a button and you could subscribe and get insights and observations on investing every week from David Gardner. So check that out. Are you going to enter the Oreos contest? Are you going to come up with one, or maybe consult with your children and submit something on behalf of the Barker family? Anyone can do it on Instagram or Twitter, just using the #myoreocreation. Barker: The winner is whoever comes up with the most absurd idea, is that correct? Hill: I don't know how they're picking the winner. If they follow the playbook that Frito-Lay did with the potato chips, they will come up with a few finalists, produce those flavors, and then let people vote. I don't know that they're going to do that, but that seemed to work out pretty well for Pepsi Frito-Lay. So, maybe they're just going to, on their own, decide, "We want to try that flavor." Barker: What are you promoting? Hill: Ham and potatoes. Barker: Ham and potatoes. Hill: Yep. Savory. Going full-blown savory. Barker: I'm going with Thanksgiving dinner Oreos. Hill: Nice. Is it going to be, like in Willy Wonka, is it going to change flavor? Or is it, this little bite over here is turkey, this little bite is stuffing, and a little cranberry on the side? Barker: I'm just an idea guy, I don't want to have to implement. The idea speaks for itself. Hill: There you go. No. 1 best selling cookie in America is Oreos. No. 2 also produced by Nabisco, part of the Mondelez family, is Chips Ahoy. And yet it seems like the Chips Ahoy people are pretty restrained. They just go about their business, they're not going hog wild throwing out flavors willy nilly. It seems like the Oreos people are drunk with power, which leads to this question -- do you think the Chips Ahoy division resents the Oreo division? Is there internal strife at Mondelez? Barker: I don't know, but maybe we could agitate here. Maybe we could instigate some fight between them. I mean, the story out there is that the Oreos guys look down on the Chips Ahoy guys and consider them the B team. That's what you hear. Hill: Look, if you had a winning streak the way Oreos has had for God knows how many years, of course at some point you're going to say, "Oh, Chips Ahoy, that's adorable, that you're the second best-selling cookie in America." Barker: Yeah, Chips Ahoy has just been playing defense for a long time now, according to the Oreos guys. Hill: Yeah, you talk to the Oreos people, and that's what they'll tell you. We'll see. You can go to foolfunds.com and subscribe to Declarations, it's the free monthly newsletter from Bill Barker and his colleagues at Motley Fool Funds. Any chance that the Oreos contest is going to make its way into the next issue of Declarations? Can you work on that? Can you say, "By the way, here's the Fool Funds submission," you can, obviously, have your own submission? Barker: Yeah, we can do whatever we like down there. [laughs] We could try, I guess. Hill: Bryan Hinmon is like Captain Jack Sparrow, he's running his own empire down there. Barker: The Oreos guys coming up to the Chips Ahoy guys, "You're kind of an expert on boring cookies." And the Chips Ahoy guys start cursing, fist fights break out a lot of the time, from what you hear. Hill: I mean, some people are saying that. Barker: That's right. Hill: Thanks for being here! Barker: Thank you! Hill: As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill. Thanks for listening! We'll see you tomorrow! Bill Barker owns shares of Apple and Home Depot. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Ford, PepsiCo, and Twitter. The Motley Fool recommends AutoZone, Home Depot, Lowe's, and The New York Times. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Full-time host of the Motley Fool Money radio show, MarketFoolery podcast, and other things. Part-time connoisseur of movies, basketball & fine bourbon. Article Info May 18, 2017 at 3:00PM Industrials Stocks Home Depot NYSE:HD $155.70 down $0.39 (-0.25%) Ford NYSE:F $10.79 up $0.03 (0.28%) Read More 3 Top Bargain Stocks for Today Elon Musk Sends Seemingly Mixed Messages on Tesla's Valuation Why Triumph Group Stock Soared 14% Today Why Alphabet's Waymo Joined Forces With Lyft on Self-Driving Cars Tesla Stock Downgraded: 5 Things You Need to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Home Depot Delivers Another Strong Quarter as Ford Considers Major Layoffs @themotleyfool #stocks $HD, $F
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Nation/World Markets Right Now: Stocks recover ground a day after slump Solid gains in phone companies and some retailers pushed U.S. stock indexes modestly higher on Wall Street, recouping some of the ground they lost a day earlier. Published on May 18, 2017 1:10PM Last changed on May 18, 2017 5:08PM The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Solid gains in phone companies and some retailers pushed U.S. stock indexes modestly higher on Wall Street, recouping some of the ground they lost a day earlier. AT&T and Verizon each rose 1.3 percent Thursday. Wal-Mart Stores rose 3.2 percent and L Brands climbed 2.7 percent after both reported better earnings than analysts were expecting. The slight gains came a day after the market's worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington. Investors are worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index increased 8 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 56 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663. The Nasdaq composite rose 43 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055. ___ 11:45 a.m. Stocks edged higher in midday trading a day after the market posted its biggest single-day loss in eight months. Wal-Mart Stores rose 2.7 percent and L Brands climbed 3.5 percent Thursday after both companies reported better earnings than analysts were expecting. Phone companies also rose. AT&T gained 1.4 percent and Verizon climbed 1 percent. The slight gains came a day after the market's worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington. Investors are worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index increased 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,360. The Dow Jones industrial average edged up 14 points, less than 0.1 percent, to 20,618. The Nasdaq composite rose 20 points, or 0.3 percent, to 6,031. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. Wal-Mart Stores, L Brands and Ralph Lauren all rose early Thursday after reporting better results than analysts were expecting. The slight gains came a day after the market had its worst drop since September as deepening political tumult in Washington got investors worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor's 500 rose 1 point to 2,358. The Dow Jones industrial average was little changed at 20,608. The Nasdaq gained 10 points to 6,022. Marketplace Jobs Garage Sales Real Estate Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending 6:30 P.M. UPDATE: BENT, state, feds arrest 4 in Pendleton drug raids ( 37111 ) Pendleton man killed in Wasco County car crash ( 18398 ) Missing Portland man found near Pilot Rock ( 12603 ) Search for Portland man missing in Blue Mountains ( 10703 ) Work begins on Ranch and Home store ( 8977 ) For sale: When Oregon farm and ranch land changes hands ( 8423 ) 6:30 P.M. UPDATE: BENT, state, feds arrest 4 in Pendleton drug raids ( 98 ) OHA: Determining Medicaid eligibility complicated ( 83 ) ATHLETE OF THE WEEK: 20 Questions with Hermiston’s Ebony Wilson ( 53 ) New agricultural wells prohibited in Oregon’s Walla Walla subbasin ( 53 ) TENNIS: Senter advances at state ( 32 ) This is a story all about how a man’s life got flipped, turned upside down ( 30 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register May 19th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Markets Right Now: Stocks recover ground a day after slump Poll Do you worry that Canada will get the short end of a renegotiated NAFTA deal? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By The Associated Press on May 18, 2017. The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Solid gains in phone companies and some retailers pushed U.S. stock indexes modestly higher on Wall Street, recouping some of the ground they lost a day earlier. AT&T and Verizon each rose 1.3 per cent Thursday. Wal-Mart Stores rose 3.2 per cent and L Brands climbed 2.7 per cent after both reported better earnings than analysts were expecting. The slight gains came a day after the market’s worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington. Investors are worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index increased 8 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,365. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 56 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 20,663. The Nasdaq composite rose 43 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 6,055. ___ 11:45 a.m. Stocks edged higher in midday trading a day after the market posted its biggest single-day loss in eight months. Wal-Mart Stores rose 2.7 per cent and L Brands climbed 3.5 per cent Thursday after both companies reported better earnings than analysts were expecting. Phone companies also rose. AT&T gained 1.4 per cent and Verizon climbed 1 per cent. The slight gains came a day after the market’s worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington. Investors are worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index increased 3 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,360. The Dow Jones industrial average edged up 14 points, less than 0.1 per cent, to 20,618. The Nasdaq composite rose 20 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 6,031. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. Wal-Mart Stores, L Brands and Ralph Lauren all rose early Thursday after reporting better results than analysts were expecting. The slight gains came a day after the market had its worst drop since September as deepening political tumult in Washington got investors worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 rose 1 point to 2,358. The Dow Jones industrial average was little changed at 20,608. The Nasdaq gained 10 points to 6,022. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate 72° Full Menu 72° Customer Service Newsletters Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine National May 18, 2017 4:11 PM Markets Right Now: Stocks recover ground a day after slump The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Solid gains in phone companies and some retailers pushed U.S. stock indexes modestly higher on Wall Street, recouping some of the ground they lost a day earlier. AT&T and Verizon each rose 1.3 percent Thursday. Wal-Mart Stores rose 3.2 percent and L Brands climbed 2.7 percent after both reported better earnings than analysts were expecting. The slight gains came a day after the market's worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington. Investors are worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index increased 8 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 56 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663. The Nasdaq composite rose 43 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055. ___ 11:45 a.m. Stocks edged higher in midday trading a day after the market posted its biggest single-day loss in eight months. Wal-Mart Stores rose 2.7 percent and L Brands climbed 3.5 percent Thursday after both companies reported better earnings than analysts were expecting. Phone companies also rose. AT&T gained 1.4 percent and Verizon climbed 1 percent. The slight gains came a day after the market's worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington. Investors are worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index increased 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,360. The Dow Jones industrial average edged up 14 points, less than 0.1 percent, to 20,618. The Nasdaq composite rose 20 points, or 0.3 percent, to 6,031. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. Wal-Mart Stores, L Brands and Ralph Lauren all rose early Thursday after reporting better results than analysts were expecting. The slight gains came a day after the market had its worst drop since September as deepening political tumult in Washington got investors worried that President Donald Trump will have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor's 500 rose 1 point to 2,358. The Dow Jones industrial average was little changed at 20,608. The Nasdaq gained 10 points to 6,022. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago African Moment: A visitor comes calling in South Africa 1:32 a month ago African Moment: A visitor comes calling in South Africa 2:45 2 months ago Commutation recipient James Patterson Jr. had sentence reduced because of Obama 1:35 2 months ago President Obama's Commutations View More Video National 3 injured after fire breaks out at Google conference ICE deports Indonesian man seeking asylum in New Jersey Birthplace of grunge mourns 'Seattle's son' Chris Cornell Official: Boy found dead in car that was stolen, 3 arrests Family business charged with smuggling sea cucumbers to US National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Walmart shopper tackles hungry deer seeking tasty deal - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Walmart shopper tackles hungry deer seeking tasty deal 2017-05-18T03:14:59Z2017-05-18T16:21:49Z A young deer met his match in shopper Tom Grasswick during an early morning shopping run to a Walmart in Minnesota. (Source: Submitted photo) Related LinksMore>> Bear gets stuck high in tree near elementary school Bear gets stuck high in tree near elementary school Posted: Wednesday, May 17 2017 6:31 PM EDT2017-05-17 22:31:00 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 11:21 PM EDT2017-05-18 03:21:09 GMT Wildlife officials have been called in to try and rescue a bear stuck high in a tree in Washington state on Wednesday.   Wildlife officials have been called in to try and rescue a bear stuck high in a tree in Washington state on Wednesday.   WADENA, MN (WDAY/CNN) - A Walmart shopper tackled a hungry deer that wandered into the store Tuesday morning, probably hunting for a good snack.  The young deer came in through the store’s garden area, said Stephanie Koljonen, a witness who took some photos of the incident. But the animal met his match in fellow shopper Tom Grasswick of Deer Creek. The deer jumped into Grasswick who quickly determined that he had a weight advantage on the animal. "It was like somebody slugged me on the side of the head," Grasswick told WDAY. "I figured I was bigger than the deer, so I'd win that wrestling match.” Grasswick wrestled the deer to the ground while others covered the animal’s eyes for a trip outside and a release into freedom.   Copyright 2017 WDAY via CNN. All rights reserved.  Raycom reportsRaycom reportsMore>> Woman rescued after falling off ramp, onto train tracks Woman rescued after falling off ramp, onto train tracks Posted: Friday, May 19 2017 1:07 AM EDT2017-05-19 05:07:43 GMT Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 1:49 AM EDT2017-05-19 05:49:34 GMT Passengers jumped off the platform to try to help, with signs indicating the next train was only a minute away. Passengers jumped off the platform to try to help, with signs indicating the next train was only a minute away. Man who allegedly drove car through Times Square charged with murder Man who allegedly drove car through Times Square charged with murder Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 12:24 PM EDT2017-05-18 16:24:48 GMT Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 1:32 AM EDT2017-05-19 05:32:43 GMT One person is dead after a speeding vehicle drove through Times Square in New York during lunch time. One person is dead after a speeding vehicle drove through Times Square in New York during lunch time. Police use Taser on naked man walking in Texas traffic Police use Taser on naked man walking in Texas traffic Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 11:55 PM EDT2017-05-19 03:55:30 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 11:55 PM EDT2017-05-19 03:55:30 GMT A motorist's video shows a man without clothes walking among vehicles, even yanking on the doors of some, in Texas on Thursday.  A motorist's video shows a man without clothes walking among vehicles, even yanking on the doors of some, in Texas on Thursday.  School worker lifts student by neck School worker lifts student by neck Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 11:41 PM EDT2017-05-19 03:41:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 11:41 PM EDT2017-05-19 03:41:19 GMT School officials vowed to fire an employee who lifted a student off the ground by his neck. School officials vowed to fire an employee who lifted a student off the ground by his neck.  Governor forgives boy who admitted taking pen, nut from Capitol Governor forgives boy who admitted taking pen, nut from Capitol Posted: Thursday, May 18 2017 11:11 PM EDT2017-05-19 03:11:47 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 18 2017 11:11 PM EDT2017-05-19 03:11:47 GMT A boy wrote a note to Oregon Gov. Kate Brown admitting to taking a pen and a nut from the Capitol.   A boy wrote a note to Oregon Gov. Kate Brown admitting to taking a pen and a nut from the Capitol.      Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Unified posts $7.9M loss, 4.1% sales drop in Q2 May 18, 2017 Walmart grows comps, traffic in Q1 May 18, 2017 Ahold’s Martin’s chain to close remaining stores May 17, 2017 Kroger announces staff changes May 16, 2017 Consolidation, culture change on horizon for independent grocers May 15, 2017 Featured Six strategies to win retail of the future May 15, 2017 Jewel makes $100M offer for 19 Strack & Van Til stores May 15, 2017 ShopRite launches wellness program to cut through nutritional white noise May 12, 2017 High debts, competitive investments sent Marsh to bankruptcy May 12, 2017 Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images Walmart's non-fuel comps rose 1.4% in the first quarter. News>Retail & Financial Walmart grows comps, traffic in Q1 CEO: Deflation eases outside price investment Jon Springer | May 18, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores on Thursday reported another quarter of positive same-store sales growth in the U.S. and better-than-expected earnings, suggesting its price-and-service investments were gaining additional traction despite a rough environment for growth. The Bentonville, Ark.-based mass merchant said U.S. sales in the quarter, which ended April 30, increased by 2.5% to $118.8 billion with non-fuel comps increasing by 1.4%, sparked by a 1.5% increase in store traffic. Companywide earnings-per-share of $1 exceeded consensus estimates of 96 cents and improved from last year — Walmart’s first increase in that statistic in more than two years. Companywide net income of $3 billion was down by 1.3% on sales of $116.5 billion, a 1.3% gain. CEO Doug McMillon, in a prerecorded conference call discussing results, said low-single-digit comparable sales in food and consumables during the quarter were the chain’s best performance in more than three years, helped along by easing price deflation, which was offset by Walmart’s own price investments. Sales at Neighborhood Market stores grew by about 6.3% in the quarter, Walmart added, although the company declined to provide a comp figure for that banner. Walmart also saw improvements at its Sam’s Club warehouse club division, where sales improved by 2.8% to $14 billion and comp-sales, excluding fuel, were up by 1.6% and traffic improved 1.1%. E-commerce sales in the quarter improved 63%, and contributed approximately 80 basis points to Walmart’s Q1 comp figure. “We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we’re capable of, so that’s what we’re focused on,” McMillon said. Chuck Grom, an analyst with Gordon Haskett Research Advisors, in a note called those results “exceptional” and said Walmart had a “near perfect” quarter. TAGS: Walmart 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Unified posts $7.9M loss, 4.1% sales drop in Q2May 19, 2017 Bulk of early Lidl sites will crowd WalmartMay 18, 2017 Ahold’s Martin’s chain to close remaining storesMay 18, 2017 Target beats expectations in Q1, but caution continuesMay 17, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
BUSINESS Stocks edge up, recovering a bit from Wednesday's drop Mark Lennihan / Associated Press The New York Stock Exchange is seen on Wall Street. The New York Stock Exchange is seen on Wall Street. (Mark Lennihan / Associated Press) Solid gains among phone companies and some retailers helped nudge U.S. stocks higher Thursday, a day after the stock market had its biggest drop in eight months. Banks also recouped some of their losses. Energy and materials stocks fell. The rally came a day after the market's worst drop since September as political tumult deepened in Washington, stoking worries among investors that President Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. “People may be wanting to put money to work in stocks. But the bonds they bought yesterday — they're still going to keep those as a little bit of a hedge, just in case,” said J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4%, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 56.09 points, or 0.3%, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index climbed 43.89 points, or 0.7%, to 6,055.13. The Russell 2000 index of smaller stocks ticked up 5.19 points, or 0.4%, to 1,361.08. Bond prices slipped. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.23% from 2.22%. Traders welcomed data from the Labor Department showing that applications for unemployment benefits fell last week to the lowest level in nearly three months. Despite the day's gains, the major stock indexes were still on course to end the week in the red. Stocks appeared headed for another down day early Thursday after sell-offs in Asia and Europe. But better-than-expected quarterly results from Wal-Mart Stores and retailers such as L Brands helped lift the market. Wal-Mart climbed 3.2% to $77.54. L Brands, which owns Victoria’s Secret, rose 2.7% to $49.69. Incyte surged 6.9% to $128.80 on growing analyst optimism over the biopharmaceutical company's work developing cancer treatments. Pandora Media rose 5.5% to $9.42 after the New York Post reported that Sirius XM Holdings is in renewed talks about buying the streaming music company. Weak quarterly results from other companies sent those stocks lower. Ascena Retail Group sank 27% to $2.06 after the parent of Ann Taylor and Lane Bryant cut its forecast for its fiscal third quarter and full year, citing lagging customer traffic and other challenges. Cisco Systems fell 7.2% to $31.38 a day after the maker of Internet gear said it expects revenue in its fiscal third quarter to be down from a year earlier. The company also said it was laying off 1,100 workers in addition to the 5,500 job cuts it announced in August. In after-hours trading, Gap climbed more than 3% after reporting a quarterly profit that beat expectations. The apparel company had fallen 1.5% to $23.19 in regular trading. Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 28 cents, or 0.6%, to $49.35 a barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 30 cents, or 0.6%, to $52.51 a barrel. Natural gas fell 1 cent to $3.18 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline was flat at $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.54 a gallon. Gold fell $5.90 to $1,252.80 an ounce. Silver fell 24 cents to $16.67 an ounce. Copper fell 2 cents to $2.53 a pound. The euro slipped to $1.1101 from $1.1150. The dollar strengthened to 111.49 yen from 111.11 yen. Major stock indexes overseas closed lower. In Europe, Germany's DAX was down 0.3%, while France's CAC 40 fell 0.5%, and the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares sank 0.9%. In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.3%, South Korea's Kospi lost 0.3%, and Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.6%. Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. An overhead view of Times Square after a car plowed into pedestrians. Caption A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. A $20,000 reward is offered for information about missing 5-year old Aramazd Andressian Jr. Caption Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Early morning raids end in arrests of nearly two dozen MS-13 gang suspects. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. The White House scandals have not yet led Republicans to break ranks. If North Korea launched the massive WannaCry ransomware attack, why? USC next month will dedicate the new Robin Williams Endowed Chair in Comedy. And the only giraffe that lives in the Vegas area is painting original works of art. Caption At least 7,000 birds were seized in the largest cockfighting bust in U.S. history. At least 7,000 birds were seized in the largest cockfighting bust in U.S. history. UPDATES: 2:35 p.m.: This article was updated with closing prices, context and analyst comment. This article was originally published at 11:10 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump 22-year-old immigration activist and Cal State L.A. student detained by Border Patrol One killed and 22 injured when a car plows into pedestrians in New York's Times Square Roger Ailes, polarizing and controversial Fox News founder who changed cable news, dies at 77 Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 63°
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias News Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 Local News Mebane man threatens to crucify Wake judge Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Risk of severe weather stretches into NC Friday, continues through weekend Sponsor Weather A-Maze-ing 2017 weather photos DUALDoppler5000 You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NC State NC State takes down Clemson in series opener Colleges Gravley: Swofford puts ACC meetings in 'normal' range for first time in decade Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Banner week for Brownlow's offseason Twitter Mailbag Triangle trio all have something to play for in final weekend of regular season Hugh Morton's golf outing endures WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business IKEA announces plan to open Cary location Latest News Cisco announces 1,100 more layoffs Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest is May 26-29 Get more info › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Sen. Brown's 'clean' energy Editorial: Senate's backward budget stifles innovation, new jobs Editorial: Will Burr step up or be a footnote? Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side Internet-connected toys can expose children's privacy, identities Business Wal-Mart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores 5 On Your Side High radon reading not enough to give up on a dream home 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Go Ask Mom Switched at birth? Triangle hospitals, birth centers take steps to keep moms, babies together National News DNA test could help decide which diet you should choose Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Weekend best bets: Got to be NC Festival, Artsplosure Entertainment Lauded rocker Chris Cornell killed himself by hanging Sponsor Summer festivals Headed to the Got to Be NC Festival with kids? Some tips Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest 11 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Dance master Chuck Davis remembered for unifying, bridging cultural gaps Local News Resident group proposes Airbnb rules for Raleigh Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › 71° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 71° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-05-18 04:44:00 Updated: 2017-05-18 14:08:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm for 4 SB! Tags: Freebies Posted 4:44 a.m. yesterday Updated 2:08 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/186tt Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks.com website Stealth Code Link Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today from 2 pm to 3 pm for 4 SB points! The code is a Stealth Code that is unique for each person. To get your code go to Swagbucks.com HERE and you will see the code. Enter the code in the Swag Code box at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now 20% Off Skin Rejuvenation Products! $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Recruiting Three Garner athletes sign with colleges Pets Pet Photos May 2017 Weather Risk of severe weather stretches into NC Friday, continues through weekend Political News Statue of General Lee coming down in New Orleans on Friday Local News Fuquay woman dies after falling from Jeep Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News 94-year-old NC woman cuts own grass, tills garden News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest Out and About Weekend best bets: Got to be NC Festival, Artsplosure News Time to change your email passwords again: 560 million logins have been hacked Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Strange News Man sues woman for $17.31 movie ticket after bad date Political News Key moments of Trump-Comey clash and what's come after Out and About Raleigh restaurant to celebrate 25 years with lobster fest Out and About Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest Outdoors Raleigh & Co.'s Triangle Guide to Parks and Trails Go Ask Mom Switched at birth? Triangle hospitals, birth centers take steps to keep moms, babies together 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat Political News Trump supporters blame leaks, conspiracy for his woes Local News Kitten adopted by NCDOT employee who saved its life Political News The Latest: Trump denies asking Comey to shelve Flynn probe News Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 Local News Mebane man threatens to crucify Wake judge SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/18 SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper IKEA planning Cary location @NCCapitol MADD voices concern over plan to limit ALE agents' arrest ability SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Recruiting Three Garner athletes sign with colleges Pets Pet Photos May 2017 Weather Risk of severe weather stretches into NC Friday, continues through weekend Political News Statue of General Lee coming down in New Orleans on Friday Local News Fuquay woman dies after falling from Jeep Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News 94-year-old NC woman cuts own grass, tills garden News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest Out and About Weekend best bets: Got to be NC Festival, Artsplosure News Time to change your email passwords again: 560 million logins have been hacked Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Strange News Man sues woman for $17.31 movie ticket after bad date Political News Key moments of Trump-Comey clash and what's come after Out and About Raleigh restaurant to celebrate 25 years with lobster fest Out and About Free, family-friendly fun awaits at Moogfest Outdoors Raleigh & Co.'s Triangle Guide to Parks and Trails Go Ask Mom Switched at birth? Triangle hospitals, birth centers take steps to keep moms, babies together 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat Political News Trump supporters blame leaks, conspiracy for his woes Local News Kitten adopted by NCDOT employee who saved its life Political News The Latest: Trump denies asking Comey to shelve Flynn probe News Car mows down Times Square pedestrians for blocks, killing 1 Local News Mebane man threatens to crucify Wake judge SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/18 SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper IKEA planning Cary location @NCCapitol MADD voices concern over plan to limit ALE agents' arrest ability WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
null
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Schedule Announcers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Richard Leguil Justin LaBounty Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Listen Listen Live WJON Mobile App Mobile Site SONOS Events Insane Inflatable 5K Wing Fest 2017 Paint N Party IDoMN Wedding Guide Online Job Fair Community Calendar Send Us Your Event VIP Club Contests Help Sign Up Contests Win Your Dream Getaway! Dream Getaway Rules Win a Roomba Win a Visa Gift Card Win a Home Security System Win an Xbox One S Win a Scheels Gift Card Win $50 to Handyman’s Hardware Win Free Golf Win a Kayak Trip Win Beats Headphones Win a Fujifilm Camera Win a Cabelas Gift Card Win a Lawnmower Weather Forecast & Radar Closings News The Latest St. Cloud News State/Regional News Minnesota Sports Highlights Sports Fitness Friday All-Star Students Join the Club Behind the Scenes Outdoor News Outdoor Tips Everyday Heroes Frozen in Time Made in Central Minnesota This Date in History Features Contact Your Lawmakers Area Gas Prices Lost and Found Obituaries Contact Contact Info Feedback Send Us Your Announcement Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win Your Dream Getaway! Insane Inflatable 5K Governor’s Fishing Opener Giving Tuesday Most Stressful Jobs Home Town Spotlight WJON Mobile App MN Sports Video Pacific Wok Business Profile IDoMN Wedding Guide Deer Taken Down by Unsuspecting Walmart Customer By The Associated Press May 18, 2017 1:18 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Thinkstock WADENA, Minn. (AP) _ A confused white-tailed deer that wandered into a Walmart store in Minnesota was taken down by an unsuspecting customer who was blindsided by the animal. Shoppers at the Wadena  Walmart store speculated the frightened deer was in search of a snack when it walked into the store through the garden center doors Tuesday. Tom Grasswick, who just happens to live in Deer Creek, says he felt like someone had slugged him when the deer slammed into him. Grasswick says his first instinct was tackle the animal, bringing the deer down on a pallet of dog food. Grasswick covered the eyes of the startled deer and he and others managed to remove the animal and set it free outdoors. Filed Under: deer | walmart Category: AP Stories | State/Regional News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WJON Metro Bus Hosts Annual Roadeo In St. Cloud Former Vikings Coach Bud Grant Runs Disciplined Garage Sale Boys and Girls Club Puts on “We Are One” Showcase Charitable Gaming: 36 Percent State Tax Rate Not Fair Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Tip Us: 320.257.7202 Listen Live Meet the Writers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Justin LaBounty Richard Leguil Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Jerry Carlson See All Staff WJON on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Value Connection WJON Newsletter MN Sports Video Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more. Sign Up Now TOP STORIES Metro Bus Hosts Annual Roadeo In St. Cloud Boys and Girls Club Puts on “We Are One” Showcase Charitable Gaming: 36 Percent State Tax Rate Not Fair Gas, Food and Booze, St. Cloud Liquor to Open Soon Stearns County Authorities Searching for Missing Teen More News Recent Obituaries Sabina E. Zimmer, 96, San Diego, CA and formerly of St. Joseph Frances R. Ludwig, 101, Albany, formerly of International Falls Colton Joseph Walz, 19 months, Richmond Tamara “Tammy” Ringger, 42, Sauk Rapids Vera Mae Noggle, 94, Sauk Rapids More Obituaries EEO Copyright Notice Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare St. Cloud Business Listings Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wjon.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to The WJON VIP Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up for The WJON VIP Club Register Now Sign up for The WJON VIP Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive The WJON VIP Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: AM 1240 WJON Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Walmart gains momentum against Amazon with soaring online sales The company saw its e-commerce sales grow at the fastest clip in at least five years. Walmart's e-commerce business saw gross merchandise volume — a measure of all the goods it sells online — soar 69 per cent in the first quarter.  (SAUL LOEB / AFP/GETTY IMAGES)   By Matthew BoyleBloomberg Thu., May 18, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. gained momentum in its fight against Amazon.com, with its online sales growing at the fastest clip in at least five years. The e-commerce business saw gross merchandise volume — a measure of all the goods it sells online — soar 69 per cent in the first quarter, Walmart said on Thursday. Total revenue climbed 1.4 per cent to $117.5 billion (U.S.). The results signal that Walmart is getting a payoff from an ambitious online expansion, which included last year’s $3.3-billion acquisition of Jet.com Inc. The Bentonville, Ark.,-based company now boasts 50 million items on its website, up from 35 million the previous quarter. Read more: Canadian traditional grocers see slowing market share loss to Costco, Walmart Article Continued Below Walmart U.S. online chief says he’s still catching up to digital giants like Amazon “All of a sudden, Walmart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people,” said Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm A.T. Kearney. The shares gained as much as 1.2 per cent to $76 in early trading after the results were released. Growth at Walmart’s brick-and-mortar stores was more measured, though it still outpaced estimates. U.S. same-store sales rose 1.4 per cent, beating the 1.3-per-cent gain projected by analysts. That marked the 11th-consecutive period of positive sales in the company’s home market. Earnings amounted to $1 a share in the period, which ended April 30. Analysts had estimated 96 cents. The company expects profit of $1 to $1.08 in the second quarter, compared with a projection of $1.07. U.S. same-store sales will grow 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent, Walmart said. “We’re encouraged by the start to the year,” CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. “Our plan is gaining traction.” McMillon has used the Jet acquisition as a catalyst for online growth. After buying that business in September, he put co-founder Marc Lore in charge of U.S. e-commerce. Wal-Mart followed up with some smaller deals, snapping up outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women’s apparel seller ModCloth earlier this year. It’s also held talks to buy men’s clothing startup Bonobos Inc. for about $300 million, a person familiar with the matter said last month. The deals have helped burnish Walmart’s online image, though the majority of e-commerce growth came from its long-standing Walmart.com site last quarter. Walmart’s online expansion hasn’t come cheap. Its expenses grew faster than sales in the first quarter, CFO Brett Biggs said in an interview. Walmart has pledged to reverse that trend over the course of the year. “We’re still not where we want to be,” Biggs said. At the same time, Walmart is striving to improve its brick-and-mortar experience. Cleaner aisles, faster checkouts and fewer missing items have been the focus for Walmart’s U.S. stores chief Greg Foran. The New Zealander also is beefing up the retailer’s store-brand and services business to provide a buffer against both Amazon and German discounter Aldi. He’s replaced the clunky hand-held bar-code scanners used by employees since 1984, opened training facilities for 200,000 workers and freed store managers from the backroom to spend more time on the sales floor. “With all the hullabaloo online, it’s easy to forget that in-store execution still means the world to them,” said Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Read more about: Walmart, Amazon Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Cannes film fest’s fight with Netflix heats up: Howell Palme d’Or shouldn’t go to online-only films, jury president Pedro Almodovar says Wednesday, as the war of big vs. small screens at the fest heats up. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Unsuspecting Walmart customer takes down startled deer By Associated Press Published: 14:05 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 14:05 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail WADENA, Minn. (AP) - A confused white-tailed deer that wandered into a Walmart store in Minnesota ran into a startled customer who tackled the animal to the ground. Shoppers at the store in Wadena (wah-DEE'-nah), 150 miles (240 kilometers) northwest of Minneapolis, speculated that the young animal was searching for a snack Tuesday when it entered the store through the garden center doors. Tom Grasswick, who happens to live in Deer Creek, told WDAY-TV (http://bit.ly/2q0NvFz ) that he felt like someone had slugged him when the deer slammed into him. Grasswick says his first instinct was to tackle the animal, bringing it down on a pallet of dog food. The Tuesday, May 16, 2017, photo, provided by Stephanie L Koljonen shows Tom Grasswick, a customer at a Walmart store in Wadena, Minn., holding onto a confused white-tailed deer that wandered into the store. Grasswick covered the eyes of the startled deer and he and others managed to remove the animal and set it free outdoors. (Stephanie L Koljonen via AP) Grasswick covered the deer's eyes to calm it down, and he and others took the animal outside and set it free. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
KEYC - Unsuspecting Walmart customer takes down startled deer Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Smiles Beyond the Aisles Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Unsuspecting Walmart customer takes down startled deer Posted: Thursday, May 18, 2017 2:08 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 18, 2017 2:08 PM EDT WADENA, Minn. (AP) - A confused white-tailed deer that wandered into a Walmart store in Minnesota ran into a startled customer who tackled the animal to the ground. Shoppers at the store in Wadena (wah-DEE'-nah), 150 miles (240 kilometers) northwest of Minneapolis, speculated that the young animal was searching for a snack Tuesday when it entered the store through the garden center doors. Tom Grasswick, who happens to live in Deer Creek, told WDAY-TV (http://bit.ly/2q0NvFz ) that he felt like someone had slugged him when the deer slammed into him. Grasswick says his first instinct was to tackle the animal, bringing it down on a pallet of dog food. Grasswick covered the deer's eyes to calm it down, and he and others took the animal outside and set it free. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy 5/18 Asia-Pacific stocks stabilize after uneasy week of trading 5/18 Uber appeals ruling against arbitration in Waymo dispute 5/18 Bill Ackman has ‘something to prove’ after Valeant mistake Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart profit beats estimates, sales fall short By Sarah Nassauer Published: May 18, 2017 9:14 a.m. ET Share By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reported stronger quarterly sales Thursday, showing that the world's largest retailer is drawing shoppers at a time when many competitors are reeling in the era of Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart's U.S. same-store sales rose 1.4% for the fiscal first quarter -- the 11th straight quarterly increase -- due to a 1.5% rise in foot traffic, thanks in part to improvements Wal-Mart has made in its stores. However, profit fell 1.3% in the quarter, as the retailer continued making investments to compete with online retailers and discounters by lowering prices, raising wages and expanding e-commerce services. Shares in the company added 0.8% premarket to $75.75. The company's stable sales are a marked contrast with many department-store retailers and competitors including Target Corp., which reported lower sales Wednesday. Wal-Mart also reported higher sales over the winter holiday season. But those gains are being supported by heavy investments, including buying up e-commerce companies, expanded online inventory and investments to speed up shipping times. During the first quarter, U.S. e-commerce sales surged 63%, boosted by the purchases of online retailer Jet.com in September and smaller e-commerce sites ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy earlier this year. Global e-commerce sales rose 7% from a year ago. "We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we're capable of," said Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. In all for the April period, Wal-Mart earned $3.04 billion, or $1.00 a share, compared with $3.08 billion, or 98 cents a share, a year ago. Revenue increased 1.4% to $117.54 billion. Excluding currency headwinds the company said revenue would have climbed to $118.8 billion. Analysts, polled by Thomson Reuters, were looking for earnings of 96 cents a share on $117.74 billion in revenue. Wal-Mart said operating, selling, general and administrative expenses grew 2.2% during the quarter. Its cost of sales rose 1.3%. For the current quarter, the company guided for earnings of $1.00 to $1.08 a share, including a 5-cent tax benefit from the sale of the company's apparel format in Mexico. Analysts, on average, are looking for Wal-Mart to earn $1.07 a share. "The first quarter was a solid quarter for Wal-Mart on multiple fronts as margins held steady despite the myriad ongoing investments in people, technology and price," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. Write to Sarah Nassauer at sarah.nassauer@wsj.com and Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com More from MarketWatch More Coverage Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Where’s the hottest luxury real-estate market in the U.S.? It’ll surprise you ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Most Popular Car rams Times Square pedestrians, killing one, injuring 22 - 01:11 Trump defends Comey firing, denies asking FBI chief to end Flynn probe - 00:55 Deadly Times Square driver had DWI record: police - 01:16 Freed U.S. whistleblower a social media star after release - 01:11 Misty peaks, verdant trees, fresh cherry pie - the real 'Twin Peaks' - 02:13 Exclusive: Trump's campaign had 18 undisclosed contacts with Russia - 02:19 Former Fox CEO Roger Ailes dies - 00:52 Bitcoin pushed aside as hackers' favorite - 01:25 Wall Street rebounds from big selloff - 01:14 China puts rocket launchers on reclaimed reef - 02:07 Brazil's real falls as President linked to scandal - 01:33 Former FBI director Mueller named to investigate Trump-Russia ties - 00:56 Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thursday, May 18, 2017 - 01:12 The world's largest retailer pulls in more customers and online shoppers, boosting quarterly same-store sales more than expected. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Wal-Mart joins Home Depot in bucking the trend. Quarterly same-store sales rose more than expected. Driving those sales: more customers visited its stores. The world's largest retailer is benefiting from its investment to boost wages and better train its workers - moves that have resulted in better stocked shelves and cleaner stores that attract shoppers. Plus, online sales jumped 63 percent - more than double the increase in the previous quarter. Wal-Mart said its existing online operations powered that growth more than its acquisitions. It has been actively buying online retail companies like Jet.com and is now in talks with clothing retailer Bonobos. Wal-Mart's positive results come just after department stores like Macy's reported disappointing sales. Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea said, "Given the current retail landscape with many retailers experiencing challenges across multiple categories, we believe Wal-Mart will continue to turn up the competitive heat by utilizing its scale and technological advantages to extract increased market share." Wal-Mart shares adding onto their nearly 9 percent gain this year at the start of trading. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://in.reuters.com/video/2017/05/18/wal-mart-bucks-retail-wreck?videoId=371703649&videoChannel=2602 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371703649" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thursday, May 18, 2017 - 01:12 Top News » Breakingviews TV: Beltway to Brasilia Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (3:15) UK PM pitches welfare cuts, migrant curbs in... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:39) Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:59) Made in Blackpool: A Tory landslide? Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:15) UK PM pitches welfare cuts, migrant curbs in... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:33) Russia 'ready to provide transcript' of... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:51) Journalists in Mexico mourn for slain... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:32) Breakingviews TV: Government as business Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (5:36) Putin: Want a transcript of that Trump meet? Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:24) Iran's global re-engagement at stake in poll Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:11) Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn probe:... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:01) Breakingviews TV: Mega-banks' cloudy future Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (4:16) Business » Facebook takes on TV with Major League... 4:28am IST - (1:56) Former FBI director to probeTrump-Russia ties 2:12am IST - (1:23) Sen. Warren spars with Treasury Secretary... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:55) Breakingviews TV: Beltway to Brasilia Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (3:15) Deutsche CEO aims to breathe new life into... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:54) Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:12) Hong Kong car park sells for record $3 bln Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:26) EU fines Facebook €110m over WhatsApp deal Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:33) Trump storm hits stocks again but dollar... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:45) Burberry profit falls 21 pct ahead of new CEO Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:36) Japan hits longest GDP growth run in a decade Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:03) Petrobras eyes deep water oil Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:47) Rough Cuts » Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... 1:31am IST - (2:05) Speeding vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:49) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:50) Germany and Turkey spar over troops Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:21) White Tulsa police officer acquitted over... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:20) Huntington's disease sufferers head for... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:07) Will Smith brings flavour of West Philadelphia... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:09) No figures set for Brexit bill says Barnier Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:12) "No way" of knowing if Russians bugged White... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (0:52) Argument for independent counsel 'quite... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:03) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Trump scandals reaching 'Watergate size and... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (0:40) Technology » Facebook takes on TV with Major League... 4:28am IST - (1:56) Plant report reveals new discoveries, climate... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:08) Google's AI raises the bar for rivals Apple,... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:40) Scientists discover coral that could beat... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:31) British daredevil aims to break four records... Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (2:02) Brass pipe offers 'healthy smoking' Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:47) Microsoft slams gov't secrecy Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:27) Lyft partners with Waymo Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:10) Artist creates tattoos you can hear Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:54) Kenya developers fit homes and buildings with... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (2:20) NASA's Whitson and Fischer mark 200th... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:00) ISS astronauts embark on 200th spacewalk Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (0:49) Oddly Enough » New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Ready, steady, mow! The lawnmower racing... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (1:13) Koons unveils a giant inflated ballerina... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (2:15) Man captures 16-foot python in Florida Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:31) History you can taste... the chocolate museum Thu, 11 May, 2017 - (1:40) In a Danish brewery, urine is the secret... Sat, 06 May, 2017 - (0:59) Lion's reverse vasectomy spawns new hope for... Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:09) 'Pisner' beer recycles your urine Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:57) Plastic buns race a highlight at Hong Kong... Thu, 04 May, 2017 - (1:05) The Cheese Rolling World Championship returns Tue, 02 May, 2017 - (0:56) Ancient Roman port in Israel to get facelift Fri, 28 Apr, 2017 - (1:07) Pope Francis launches free launderette for the... Wed, 26 Apr, 2017 - (0:59) Entertainment » Uma Thurnan dazzles on red carpet in Cannes 5:24am IST - (0:59) Julianne Moore wows Cannes with 'Wonderstruck' 4:42am IST - (1:23) Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... 1:31am IST - (2:05) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:50) Hollywood and French film royalty walk the... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:34) Ridley Scott immortalized in Hollywood Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:26) Pharrell Williams gives NYU commencement... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:23) Will Smith brings flavour of West Philadelphia... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:09) 'The Emoji Movie' star makes a splash at... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:30) Cannes boss says cinemas right to object to... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:53) Jimmy Kimmel set to host 2018 Oscars Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:24) 'Wizard of Lies' tells Madoff story as 'dark... Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (0:58) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News Sports Business Real Estate 78° Full Menu 78° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Doral police arrested three “juggers” at Miami International Mall. Miami Herald File Doral police arrested three “juggers” at Miami International Mall. Miami Herald File Doral May 18, 2017 12:40 PM The anatomy of a ‘jugger’ and how police say a sting caught three of them By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Doral police say they set a jugger trap and caught a jugger threesome. And they remind you not to stop somewhere like Walmart, Starbucks or the mall once you’ve taken a big hunk of cash out of the bank. Doral says its sting operation caught Houston residents Andre Taylor, Porscha Moore and Robert Jenkins last Friday. Each faces one count each of burglary on an unoccupied car, possession of burglary tools, misdemeanor marijuana possession and petit theft. Taylor and Moore have posted their $11,500 bond. Jenkins remained in Miami-Dade Corrections custody as of Thursday morning. “Bank juggers” stake out bank branches and ATMs, watching for people leaving with what appear to be large cash withdrawals (bank cash pouches get their attention). They follow potential victims in hopes the victim will stop at another establishment while leaving the cash in the car. Then, they can pull off a lucrative theft with the ease and non-violence of a car burglary. Defending against bank juggers involves common sense moves such as: don’t walk around with obvious cash carriers (bank cash cases, fat envelopes) visible; don’t leave large amounts of cash in the car; and take large cash withdrawals directly to their places of use. Doral police decided to observe bank parking lots around the city, then set up a sting when they found a probable jugger. According to the arrest reports of the Houston crew, they spotted a 2017 Jeep Patriot with a Texas license plate and tinted windows parked directly outside the Walls Fargo branch at Northwest 107th Avenue and 41st Street. The SUV remained in the spot for a while, backed out, then re-parked in the same spot with a prime view of the doorway and ATM. Police ran the plates, which came back registered to Enterprise Rent-a-Car. Knowing rental companies rarely tint windows and bank juggers often use rentals after tinting the windows, Doral police kept watch on the Jeep through its travels around Doral and West Miami Dade — Wells Fargo to Citibank to tailing an Infiniti SUV to Miami International Mall, 1455 NW 107th Ave. At International Mall, the report says, one of the Jeep’s occupants perused the Infiniti’s contents through the window after the Infiniti’s driver entered the mall. When the Jeep returned to the Citibank at 10805 NW 41st St., the Doral cops sent a sergeant in plainclothes into the bank. He emerged minutes later with a white envelope and hopped into a white Nissan SUV. The Jeep occupants took the cheese, the report claims. After the Nissan SUV parked near the International Mall Macy’s, one of the men in the Jeep made sure the sergeant was inside the mall. The Jeep parked next to the Nissan SUV, Taylor broke in and took the envelope. Doral police promptly busted the Jeep trio. According to the report, each of the three confessed. Jenkins said he had a bad feeling about Friday, but they went ahead because they were short cash. David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Taylor Miami-Dade Corrections Moore Miami-Dade Corrections Jenkins Miami-Dade Corrections 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 days ago Taking a drag in Doral? Watch those ashes 0:31 14 days ago Taking a drag in Doral? Watch those ashes 1:29 2 months ago CityPlace Doral is ready for business 0:49 3 months ago Part of Doral overtaken by odors of garbage View More Video Doral At this bowling alley, you can drink in a rum room and have a private dinner Doral Venezuelans call for Maduro’s ouster, end to violence in homeland Family-friendly ‘Circus of Dreams’ to debut Friday in Doral Will more apartments bring less traffic in Doral? ‘Damage your lungs but not our city,’ Doral says to smokers in new anti-littering ad Doral Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2826 comments Featured Guns Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
BREAKING NEWS: Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper Reviews Home »World » Global Business & Economy » Wal-Mart sees gains in e-commerce, lifting shares Global Business & Economy Wal-Mart sees gains in e-commerce, lifting shares Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui May 18th, 2017 21:19 0   NEW YORK: Wal-Mart Stores highlighted strong gains in its e-commerce business that boosted US sales, winning plaudits from Wall Street on Thursday after other retailers released disappointing earnings. The world's biggest retailer is accelerating efforts to "combine our digital and physical assets to make our shipping simple and easy for customers," chief executive Doug McMillon said in a statement. "Our customers have choices, and we have to earn their business with every interaction." Wal-Mart has been pumping funds into improving its in-store experience, upgrading stores and boosting worker pay, at the same time that it builds out its e-commerce business. The costs of those initiatives have pressured earnings in recent quarters, and the company reported earnings of $3.0 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, down 1.3 percent from the year-ago period. Revenues were up 1.4 percent at $117.5 billion. But the initiative has produced gains in comparable store sales in the US, a closely-watched benchmark that rose 1.4 percent in the first quarter. E-commerce sales surged 63 percent and merchandise volume saw a 69 percent jump. Analysts at Global Data Retail said Wal-Mart's sharp focus on keeping prices down in grocery was winning some customers back and described growth in e-commerce as evidence of a business "in the ascendancy." "Overall, this is an encouraging start to the year for Walmart," GlobalData Retail said in a research note. "This is one US retailer that is ahead of the curve in responding to the evolving landscape." Shares of Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to $76.56 in mid-morning trading. In contrast, Macy's, Nordstrom and Dick's Sporting Goods all plunged after their earnings reports. Wal-Mart has boosted its online offerings to 50 million items, up five fold from a year ago, said Marc Lore, president and CEO, Walmart eCommerce US. The company introduced free two-day shipping for orders over $35 and discounts on non-store products if a customer picks it up at a store, an effort to exploit its network as it competes with Amazon and others. "There's more product to buy, you're able to get the product quicker," Lore said on a conference call with reporters. "The overall experience is improving." The gains followed a number of Wal-Mart acquisitions over the last year, although executives described the majority of the growth as "organic." Wal-Mart's financial reports do not break out revenues for e-commerce sales. Chief financial officer Brett Biggs said e-commerce is "still fairly small" within Wal-Mart's US business and there was no immediate plan to disclose more details about the business.   Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017        Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Sharapova granted Birmingham wildcard Next McCain: US should expel Turkey envoy over bodyguard violence Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse FDA Approval For Endologix's Nellix Likely Pushed To At Least 2020 Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 18, 2017 11:58am   Comments Share: Related ELGX Analyst On Endologix: No Sense In Downgrading Now Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Mostly Higher; Wal-Mart Profit Tops Estimates Following the announcement by Endologix, Inc. (NASDAQ: ELGX) that it will no longer seek approval of the Nellix first generation device following a FDA meeting, Stifel said the potential U.S. approval is pushed to at least 2020 from the previous timeline of early-2018. The company would now pursue approval of the second generation Nellix system, and for this, an additional confirmatory clinical study is needed, the firm noted. Delay In Approval Prompts Downgrade Analysts Matthew Blackman, Rick Wise and Drew Ranieri downgraded the shares of the company to Hold from Buy, as the Nellix approval timeline is pushed back yet again and considering the need to fund an additional trial, which is of yet unknown size and follow-up duration. Lowering Price Target; Estimates Under Review Stifel lowered its price target for the shares to $5.50, with the new target reflecting the firm's valuation for the entire Endologix franchise, excluding U.S. Nellix. The firm estimates the valuation to be $6–$7 per share, plus some increased discount rate for future, potentially dilutive financing. Stifel said its revenue and earnings per share projections are under review and that it will have additional commentary following the company's conference call. At time of publication, the shares of Endologix were slumping 36.70 percent to $4.26. Related Links: Mark Your Calendar For These Days In May To Play The Volatility Around FDA Decision Dates 13 Emerging Biotechs With Catalysts In 2017 ______ Image Credit: [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for ELGX Date Firm Action From To May 2017 Stifel Nicolaus Downgrades Buy Hold Nov 2016 BMO Capital Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Nov 2016 JP Morgan Downgrades Overweight Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for ELGX View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech News Downgrades Health Care Price Target FDA Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ELGX) Analyst On Endologix: No Sense In Downgrading Now Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Mostly Higher; Wal-Mart Profit Tops Estimates Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 18, 2017 15 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From March 24 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on ELGX Trending Recent 1 NVDA, AAPL: Intel Has Reportedly Ditched Nvidia For Advanced Micro Devices 2 NVDA, INTC: AMD Downgraded, Analyst Thinks Intel Deal Is 'Unlikely' 3 ETSY, CL: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 INCY, CSCO: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Ma... 5 AMD: AMD's Product Road Map Remains  ... 6 INTC, AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Sharply... 7 QCOM, NVDA: Marc Chaikin's... 1 UL, BRK.B: 3 Most Likely Suitors For Colgate-Palmolive, In Jefferies' View 2 CSCO: Cisco Hands In Solid Results, Weak Outlook In Q3 Report 3 FL, DE: Investors Seek Respite As Political Turmoil Shakes The Markets 4 MAT, HAS: Mattel: Does This Toy Story Have An Upcoming Twist? 5 P, SIRI: Street Not Biting On NY Post Pandora Rumor 6 SIRI, GOOG: SiriusXM And Pandora Reportedly In T... 7 ELGX: Analyst On Endologix: No Sense I... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Patent Wars Surprisingly Reach The Cannabis Industry: How Do You Register A Plant?
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Customer Tackles, Frees Deer From Pet Food Aisle Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Customer Tackles, Frees Deer From Pet Food Aisle Image courtesy of Stephanie Koljonen May 18, 2017 10:50 am EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler deer in aisle 12 walmart retail deer wild animals not for you deer returning to the wild Every once in a while we hear of a wild animal heeding the call to be more human-like by wandering into an establishment that is markedly not for them — from bargain hunting beavers to a seal pup taking a booth at a restaurant. The latest case of animals going not-wild comes from Minnesota, where a deer decided to do some sampling in the pet food aisle of a local Walmart. The Minneapolis Star Tribune reports that a shopper in the big box store tackled the deer, holding it in place until it could be returned to the wild. The incident began around 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Wadena, MN, Walmart store when customers began to notice the out-of-place shopper. One woman tells the Tribune that she was shopping for dog dishes when she heard a woman scream and saw the deer sliding on the floor of the store. That’s when she says a man tackled the animal against a bag of dog food. Related: 17 Times Animals Went Shopping In Human Stores The man tells WDAY-TV that he was just shopping when the deer actually ran into him. “I felt like I got slugged or something,” he says, noting that he then decided to take matters into his own hands. “I figured I was bigger than the deer, so I’d win that wrestling match.” And he did. After wrestling the animal to the ground, the man covered the deer’s eyes in order to calm it. Employees then tied dog leashes to its legs and carried it outside to freedom, the Tribune reports. It’s believed that the deer entered the store — possibly looking for a snack — through the location’s garden center doors, which are motion activated. Police tell WDAY that the store has made changes to the doors, likely preventing future deer — or other animals — from entering the retailer. May 18, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler deer in aisle 12 walmart retail deer wild animals not for you deer returning to the wild Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Another Tragic Reminder While Owner Shops At Walmart For 13 Hours, Dog Dies In Her Hot Car what do coyotes shop for Coyote Gets Stuck In Kohl’s Entrance, Doesn’t Get To Use Kohl’s Cash leave it to beaver Bargain-Hunting Beavers: 17 Times Animals Went Shopping In Human Stores When The Door's Locked Use The Window? Deer Goes On Rampage Breaking Windows At Subway, Visiting Auto Repair Center unfair dismissal? Walmart Greeter Says He Was Fired After Turkey Wandered Into Store Previous Is Walmart Catching Up With Amazon In The Online Shopping Race? Next Trump Administration Looking To End Student Loan Forgiveness Program Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Trump Administration Looking To End Student Loan Forgiveness Program Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Lake County Geauga County Cuyahoga County Ohio Nation & World Crime Weather Traffic Opinion Sports High School Sports Ohio State Cavaliers NFL MLB NBA Business Entertainment TV/Movies Lifestyle Celebrations Neighborhood News County Kids Local Guides Lottery Results Horoscopes Obituaries Browns Indians Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Net Me a Job Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Newsstand Locations E-Paper Mobile Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education Gasbuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Walmart in Chardon to offer grocery pickup service Associated Press file By Betsy Scott, The News-Herald Posted: 05/18/17, 11:15 AM EDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments Chardon’s Walmart Supercenters is one of the five Greater Cleveland locations selected to debut an online grocery service. Walmart Pickup is a free service enabling customers to order groceries online and pick them up at their local store without leaving their cars. The other Northeast Ohio stores chosen to launch the service are in Wadsworth, Strongsville, Elyria and Avon. “At Walmart, we have always been known for saving our customers money and, with services like grocery pickup, we are also saving them valuable time,” said Walmart Ecommerce Market Coach Andrew Bounds in a press release. “Our customers have told us that grocery pickup is a game changer. They are now able to complete their grocery shopping in a matter of minutes – between errands or on their way home from an after school activity – without even unbuckling their seat belts.” Advertisement Walmart’s grocery pickup service features 30,000 items. More than 90 percent of customers order fresh meat, dairy or produce items, the release said. Other top picks include after-school snacks, diapers and large bags of dog food. How it works: • Customers visit walmart.com/grocery online or through the Walmart Grocery mobile app, enter their zip codes to select a local store and begin creating their shopping lists. During checkout, they indicate a time to pick up their food. • Staff trained to serve as personal grocery shoppers fill the orders. • At the pickup location, there are reserved parking spaces marked in orange and a designated number to call to alert an associate. An associate will retrieve the order and load it into the customer’s car. If customers aren’t satisfied with an item, they are eligible for a full refund with receipt. Walmart Pickup first was added in Ohio in the Columbus area, said Spokesman Mark Rickel. This option is now available in more than 600 stores. This isn’t the first time that Chardon has been among the first in the area to debut a national chain’s new offering. Other examples have included the Bob Evans, Arbys and DQ/Orange Julius redesigns. “Chardon is being used by multiple corporations to roll out new models for buildings and services,” Chardon Planning & Zoning Administrator Steve Yaney said. Subscribe to Home Delivery and SAVE! About the Author Betsy mainly reports on the cities of Chardon, Kirtland and Mentor. Reach the author at BScott@News-Herald.com or follow Betsy on Twitter: @ReporterBetsy. Full bio and more articles by Betsy Scott Back to top More Map: Chardon Walmart Supercenter Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The News-Herald Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feed Copyright © The News-Herald Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Mnuchin punts on commitment to disclose Trump's business ties World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Basquiat painting sells for $111 million Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets Before the Bell Romans’ Numeral Investing Guide Fear & Greed Quest Means Business Tech Can Google make virtual reality less lonely? Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance How can I save for retirement if I don't have a 401(k)? Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz The factory where prisoners get a second chance Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury On the road - and on the track - in Ford's $450,000 supercar Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz Watch out Amazon. Walmart is coming for you by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz May 18, 2017: 10:17 AM ET Is the mall dead? The latest earnings and forecasts from most big American retailers could be summed up with a variety of negative adjectives. Underwhelming. Dismal. Bleak. Then there's Walmart. The Arkansas-based home of the yellow smiley face reported profits that topped forecasts and an increase in same-store sales (which measures how well stores open at least a year are doing) that was also better than expected. But the biggest story out of Walmart's results is just how strong the company's e-commerce division is doing. Digital sales in the US were up a whopping 63% from a year ago. Walmart (WMT) has acquired several online retail startups in the past year, including the unicorn Jet.com and specialty retailers Moosejaw, ModCloth and ShoeBuy. Related: Department stores have lost more jobs than coal mines Meanwhile, competitors like Target (TGT) and department stores Macy's (M), Kohl's (KSS), JCPenney (JCP) and Sears (SHLD) are still trying to figure out how to stop the bleeding in their physical locations and build a decent digital offering. But Walmart is thriving -- and it's gunning for Amazon (AMZN, Tech30). "We're transforming to become more of a digital enterprise," said Walmart CEO Doug McMillon in a recorded call for investors. Walmart has recognized that it must become a bigger player online and on people's phones if it is going to be able to compete effectively against e-commerce king Amazon. Walmart's overall sales growth is a bit sluggish, rising just 1.4% from a year ago. Walmart isn't abandoning its brick-and-mortar stores obviously. But the company is heavily promoting the fact that it offers consumers more convenience and options. "We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping easier and more enjoyable for customers," McMillon said. Even Amazon realizes that a mix of bricks and clicks is a good strategy -- especially in more densely populated, urban areas and college towns. Amazon has started to open more physical stores in big cities and on university campuses. Related: Retail train wreck continues as sales plunge at Macy's and other big chains Walmart is also looking to boost its international presence, especially in China. The company has recently partnered with and invested in two top online retailers in China, Alibaba rival JD.com (JD) and grocer New Dada, in order to boost its sales in that key market. Alibaba (BABA, Tech30) reported earnings on Thursday too, but profits missed forecasts and the stock fell 4% as a result. But investors clearly liked what they heard from Walmart. Shares of Walmart rose 2% in early trading Thursday on the news, adding to the stock's already impressive year-to-date rally. Walmart is up 11% so far in 2017 while the S&P Retail ETF (XRT), which includes many struggling chains, is down 7%. Walmart is still trailing Amazon on Wall Street though. Shares of Amazon have soared more than 25% this year. CNNMoney (New York) First published May 18, 2017: 10:17 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending BlackBerry is back! Stock soars after WannaCry attack How Fox News covered Roger Ailes' death on air White House PR strategy in chaos: Conway interview offered to Fox, then canceled Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived NerdWallet Paid Partner Looking for a low-interest loan? Check out our review of Prosper. The search is over. We found the best stock brokers for online trading. How much do you need to retire? Use this calculator to find out Current mortgage rates can't be beat. Get the best rate with our tool Can you afford your dream home? Find out with our mortgage calculator. Contact Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
null
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Analysis: Walmart is winning market share across many categories May 18, 2017 | By Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail Although Walmart is an old-school retailer, it is not afraid to learn new tricks and to shift its thinking. This youthful and innovative approach has helped it deliver another solid set of results in a highly competitive market.   The overall net revenue gain of 1.4% may not sound stellar, but for a company of the size of Walmart, this is a significant uplift in dollar terms. At Walmart U.S., the 2.9% increase in net sales equates to an additional $2.1 billion taken over the first quarter -- an impressive achievement given 2016 included an extra day of trading from the leap year. From an already high base, Walmart is now winning market share across many categories.   There is some benefit to the numbers from Walmart's recent acquisitions, but with underlying sales also rising at a reasonable clip, these are the icing on the cake rather than the sole reason for Walmart's growth. Within Walmart U.S., comparable sales increased by 1.4% - an encouraging outcome given much of the increase was down to strong uplifts in traffic. In our view, Walmart's investments in price, its focus on service in stores, and its omnichannel push are all paying dividends. The delay in tax refunds, which resulted in lower sales of higher ticket merchandise over the early part of the quarter, put a small dent in growth, but not by enough to cause serious concern.   Looking in more detail at the various strands of Walmart's initiatives, a sharper focus on price is cutting through -- especially on grocery. From our data, Walmart is winning back some -- but by no means all -- custom from dollar stores. It is also picking up some custom from mainstream grocers. The response to Walmart flexing its price muscles has been good, and we expect further small gains over the rest of this year. A more disciplined focus on low prices is also important as Aldi, and now Lidl, expand into the market.    That said, we believe the threat of the two chains - especially to players like Walmart -- is overstated. There are aspects of the deep discounters such as limited range, smaller stores, and a relative lack of national brands -- that is off-putting for many U.S. consumers. Our data also show that, in some markets, the price differences between the discounters and others are wildly exaggerated.  In our view, this means Walmart is unlikely to need to respond much more aggressively than it already has.   While stores are working, Walmart's e-commerce business is in the ascendancy. Gross merchandise value for the online businesses rose by 69% over the prior year. Although this includes the contribution from the acquired businesses, it nonetheless shows that Walmart is growing its digital market share at a significant pace. Positive changes to free shipping requirements and the addition of millions of more products to the online store have both resulted in steady uplifts in customer numbers.   We are particularly pleased that Walmart is using discounting to encourage online shoppers to use more economical store pickup rather than delivery. We see the effective use of its real estate assets as one of Walmart's major strengths over Amazon.   All these initiatives necessitate higher levels of investment and, indeed, within the U.S. business operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased by 14 basis points over the prior year. However, we are very encouraged that this was offset by strong sales, resulting in the first increase in U.S. operating income for three years.   While the home market continues to power ahead, Walmart's international operations remain patchy. Overall performance is sound, but weaknesses persist in the U.K. where Asda continues to lose ground. There is a sense that Walmart is getting to grips with some of the issues, but we believe it will be some time before all parts of international make a solid contribution.   Overall, this is an encouraging start to the year for Walmart. In our view, the business has not only the strength to hold its own, but to take on the likes of Amazon and new value players. This is one U.S. retailer that is ahead of the curve in responding to the evolving landscape.   Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Supermarket Trends: Technology, food safety and sustainability are top of mind Amazon Disrupts Again: Here’s what you need to know Expert Analysis: Target’s new next-day delivery program faces some challenges Global Retail: Classifying workers as employees vs. independent contractors Analysis: Coach and Kate Spade brands must remain distinct Amazon Go’s Implications for an Industry in Need of a Revolution Analysis: A Good Fit? Canadian Firm Acquires American Apparel Startups Spotlight: Employee engagement, elevating store experiences and more Website Accessibility and the ADA: The Clear and Present Dangers Analysis: Walmart is winning market share across many categories Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Business Earnings Look Out, Amazon, Walmart’s Online Business Is Booming By Sheena Butler-Young / 16 hours ago Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Walmart AP Images Online business is soaring at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The largest retailer in the U.S. — which has substantially ramped up its digital efforts in recent months — released first-quarter results today that showed significant e-commerce gains as well as modest year-over-year improvements in overall sales. Related What the FCC's Vote on Net Neutrality Means for Footwear E-tailers E-commerce sales at Walmart skyrocketed 63 percent during the period, while gross merchandise volume rose 69 percent. The retailer — which snapped up Jet.com in August 2016 and footwear e-tailer ShoeBuy in January 2017 in an apparent bid to go after Amazon — said the majority of its digital growth was organic through Walmart.com. (Walmart paid $70 million for ShoeBuy, $3 billion for Jet and bought brick-and-click outdoor retailer Moosejaw in February for $51 million. It also picked up the Shoes.com domain in April 2017.) “We’re moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers,” Walmart president and CEO Doug McMillon said in a release. “Our plan is gaining traction, and I want to thank our associates for their hard work, ingenuity and commitment to our customers. Our customers have choices, and we have to earn their business with every interaction.“ Walmart’s total Q1 sales advanced 1.4 percent year-over-year, to $117.5 billion. On a currency-adjusted basis, revenues rose 2.5 percent, to $118.8 billion. Net income fell 1.3 percent, to $3 billion, or $1.00 per diluted share, but topped forecasts for earnings per diluted share of 96 cents. (Earnings per diluted share advanced 2 percent year-over-year.) Walmart U.S. comp sales increased 1.4 percent during the period, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5 percent, according to the company. Comp traffic increased 3 percent on a two-year stacked basis. Net sales at Walmart International were $27.1 billion, a decrease of 3.5 percent. However, excluding currency fluctuations, net sales were $28.3 billion, an increase of 0.8 percent. Walmart’s upbeat results follow those of competitor Target Corp., which released better-than-expected first-quarter earnings Wednesday. Target reported its same-store sales fell 1.3 percent, a narrower decline than the 3.7 percent market watchers had forecast. Target’s adjusted earnings, at $1.21 a share, also outpaced analysts’ expectations for earnings of 91 cents per share. Meanwhile, revenue fell 1.1 percent, to $16 billion, which was again higher than the $15.62 billion analysts projected As of 11 a.m. ET, Walmart shares were up more than 2 percent, to $76.82. — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Earnings, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Amazon, Target, Walmart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← Kendall Jenner Matches Her Lingerie and Heels in New La Perla Campaign Blake Shelton’s Face Is on a Pair of Gwen Stefani’s Vans → Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: May 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 05/08/2017 Read Now Cannes: Where to Eat, Drink and Party Scandal Finale: Bellamy Young Reacts to [Spoiler]'s Death and… Stanley Tucci Joins John Leonetti's 'The Silence' – Cannes Harry Styles Hits All The High Notes & Performs A Rom-Com Scene… Over 500 million leaked logins hit the web in new master list Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Palm Declines, Tracks Weak Rival Oils One nation, one tax: CD, FMCG firms upbeat; carmakers grumpy Muthoot Fin profit jumps 46%, Lanka business sees 70% growth K'taka Bank up 50% in 2017, still has scope for re-rating Banks’ cost of funds falls sharply since Demonetisation SBI result is going to be critical for PSB pack: Abhimanyu Sofat, IIFL Hudco makes stellar debut, stock jumps 22% on BSE listing Khazanah unit offloads its entire stake in Apollo Hospitals for Rs 850 cr Five banks look to raise $3 billion through foreign bond sales Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:41 AM | 19 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,639204.63 NIFTY 50 9,48858.25 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,606-99.00 USD/INR 64.82-0.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Wal-Mart earnings dip but sales rise at US stores By AFP | Updated: May 18, 2017, 07.18 PM IST Post a Comment NEW YORK: Wal-Mart Stores scored another increase in sales at its US namesake stores in first-quarter results released Thursday, but earnings dipped on higher expenses. The world's biggest retailer reported earnings of $3.0 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, down 1.3 per cent from the year-ago period. Revenues were up 1.4 per cent at $117.5 billion. The results reflected Wal-Mart's efforts to lure customers to US stores through upgrades to infrastructure, better customer service after boosting worker pay and enhanced e-commerce offerings. These efforts have pressured earnings in recent quarters due to higher expenses, while producing gains in Wal-Mart's comparable store sales in the US, a closely-watched benchmark that rose 1.4 per cent in the first quarter. "We delivered a solid first quarter and we're encouraged by the start of the year," said chief executive Doug McMillon. "We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make our shipping simple and easy for customers." Shares of Wal-Mart rose 0.8 per cent in pre-market trading to $75.70. Comments(0)Add Comments Wal-Mart earnings dip but sales rise at US stores To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Wal-Mart looks at online presence, Amazon considers offline stores Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores Wal-Mart opts for free, faster shipping on necessities READ MORE ONNew York Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Join the all-rounder of insurance State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Premium 2/3 BHK apts starting at Rs. 1.25 cr PuravankaraMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA Earn profits with this unique investment option Property Share TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION Help save 3-year-old Mervin from Brain Cancer Milaap "Frexit" is a scenario, but probability is not high Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software Is the Weightage of BFSI Stocks in Nifty Justified? Mahindra Finance April-June net at Rs 107 crore Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Rs 1 lakh grows into Rs 7.22 lakh in 5 months: Did you own this stock? LIC to pay 40% more dividend, bonus in 2016-17 Modi-fied Indian markets enter $2-trillion elite club; experts see more fireworks ahead What is this Trump turmoil all about & why is it hurting markets Just 29, this Kanpur-based trader is making a killing on D-St; and how! More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Deepika Padukone RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 75° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely in the morning. Then the chance of scattered thunderstorms in the afternoon. A few storms may be severe. High 88F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms during the evening becoming more widespread overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low around 70F. Winds SE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Associated Press In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark.  (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) Wal-Mart's online sales soar as retail giant pursues Amazon Bloomberg 9 hrs ago (…) In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark.  (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) Associated Press Updated at 4:22 a.m. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. gained momentum in its fight against Amazon.com Inc., with its online sales growing at their fastest clip in at least five years. The e-commerce business saw gross merchandise volume — a measure of all the goods it sells online — soar 69 percent in the first quarter, Wal-Mart said Thursday. Total revenue climbed 1.4 percent to $117.5 billion. The results signal that Wal-Mart is getting a payoff from an ambitious online expansion, which included last year’s $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. The Bentonville, Ark.-based company now boasts 50 million items on its website, up from 35 million the previous quarter, and its offer of free two-day shipping for orders of $35 or more has boosted site traffic and spending, executives said. “All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people,” said Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm A.T. Kearney. The shares gained 3.2 percent to close at $77.54. The stock had been up 8.7 percent this year through Wednesday’s close. Growth at Wal-Mart’s brick-and-mortar stores was more measured, though it still outpaced estimates. U.S. same-store sales rose 1.4 percent, narrowly beating analysts’ expectations, fueled by a 1.5 percent increase in customer traffic. That marked the 11th-consecutive period of positive sales in the company’s home market. The numbers offer a stark contrast with those of rival Target Corp., which reported results Wednesday and has suffered negative same-store sales for four straight quarters. Wal-Mart earnings amounted to $1 a share in the period. Analysts had estimated 96 cents. ‘Feel good’ The company expects profit of $1 to $1.08 in the second quarter, compared with a projection of $1.07. U.S. same-store sales will grow 1.5 percent to 2 percent, Wal-Mart said, higher than the 1.2 percent analysts had expected prior to the results. “We feel good about the momentum across the business,” Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said on a call with reporters. Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon has used the Jet acquisition as a catalyst for online growth. After buying that business in September, he put co-founder Marc Lore in charge of U.S. e-commerce. Wal-Mart followed up with some smaller deals, snapping up outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women’s apparel seller ModCloth earlier this year. “Customers are placing more repeat orders and spending more,” Lore said on the call. “The companies we have bought have helped to build our assortment and give us expertise in categories that are hard to crack.” Lore said the company was seeing “nice growth” from its latest offer of discounts on some web orders that are picked up in store. It now offers curbside pickup of online-ordered groceries in 670 locations. New customers Wal-Mart has found that offering grocery ordering online brings in new customers, and those shoppers are typically young families “who don’t want to drag their kids around a Wal-Mart,” according to Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. About 42 percent of Wal-Mart’s regular monthly shoppers are members of Amazon’s Prime program, according to research firm InfoScout. Wal-Mart also has held talks to buy men’s clothing startup Bonobos Inc. for about $300 million, a person familiar with the matter said last month. Lore declined to comment on the deal Thursday. Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area The acquisitions have helped burnish Wal-Mart’s online image, though the majority of e-commerce growth came from its longstanding Walmart.com site last quarter. Its digital growth rate was nearly triple that of Target. Amazon’s sales of so-called retail products climbed 16 percent last quarter. Wal-Mart’s online expansion hasn’t come cheap, though. Its expenses grew faster than sales in the first quarter, Biggs said in an interview. Wal-Mart has pledged to reverse that trend over the course of the year. Gross margins in the U.S. business were unchanged, missing the estimate of some analysts who had expected a slight uptick. “We’re still not where we want to be,” Biggs said. Fresh food Beyond the web, Wal-Mart is striving to improve its brick-and-mortar experience. Cleaner aisles, faster checkouts and fewer missing items have been the focus for Wal-Mart’s U.S. stores chief Greg Foran. The New Zealander also is beefing up the retailer’s fresh food, store-brand and services businesses to provide a buffer against both Amazon and German discounter Aldi. Comparable-store sales of food were the highest in more than three years, Wal-Mart said, as deflationary pressure subsided. Grocery retailers such as Wal-Mart and Kroger Co. have been grappling with a historic bout of food deflation, prompting price wars in categories such as meat and dairy. And next month they’ll have to cope with more competition as Germany’s Lidl expands to the East Coast. Foran, who joined Wal-Mart in 2014, has also replaced the clunky handheld bar-code scanners used by employees since 1984, opened training facilities for 200,000 workers, and freed store managers from the backroom to spend more time on the sales floor. “With all the hullabaloo online, it’s easy to forget that in-store execution still means the world to them,” Bartashus said. Wal-Mart is the No. 2 employer in the St. Louis area, behind BJC HealthCare. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Thursday, June 4, 2015, file photo, a sign is displayed at a Wal-Mart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark.  (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) Associated Press Wal-Mart Stores first-quarter revenue and earnings Source: Company reports PERIOD REVENUE (in billions) NET INCOME (in billions) EARNINGS PER SHARE 1Q 2017 $117.542 $3.039 $1.00 1Q 2016 $115.904 $3.079 $0.98 1Q 2015 $114.826 $3.341 $1.03 1Q 2014 $114.960 $3.593 $1.11 Tags Business Earnings Reports Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Earnings Estimates Wal-mart Commerce Economics Company Amazon View (…) comments Most popular In America's largest oilfield, whir of activity confounds OPEC Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Schnucks comes up with new policy on solicitors after its boycott by Teamsters Anheuser-Busch InBev to invest $20 million in St. Louis-area operations The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears and Kmart Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Business Calendar People in Business Fenlon hired as HR manager at Husky Corp. Tarlton managing renovation project at Mo. Botanical Garden Business Bulletin Board Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your daily dose of community. Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart's Online Sales Soar as Retail Giant Pursues Amazon by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle May 18, 2017, 7:04 AM EDT May 18, 2017, 1:13 PM EDT E-commerce business posts its fastest growth in five years Earnings, same-store sales also outpace analysts’ estimates Wal-Mart Gains Momentum in E-Commerce Wal-Mart Stores Inc. gained momentum in its fight against Amazon.com Inc., with its online sales growing at their fastest clip in at least five years. The e-commerce business saw gross merchandise volume -- a measure of all the goods it sells online -- soar 69 percent in the first quarter, Wal-Mart said on Thursday. Total revenue climbed 1.4 percent to $117.5 billion. The results signal that Wal-Mart is getting a payoff from an ambitious online expansion, which included last year’s $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company now boasts 50 million items on its website, up from 35 million the previous quarter, and its offer of free two-day shipping for orders of $35 or more has boosted site traffic and spending, executives said.  “All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people,” said Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm A.T. Kearney. The shares gained as much as 3.2 percent to $77.50, marking the biggest intraday increase in almost three months. The stock had been up 8.7 percent this year through Wednesday’s close. Growth at Wal-Mart’s brick-and-mortar stores was more measured, though it still outpaced estimates. U.S. same-store sales rose 1.4 percent, narrowly beating analysts’ expectations, fueled by a 1.5 percent increase in customer traffic. That marked the 11th-consecutive period of positive sales in the company’s home market. The numbers offer a stark contrast with those of rival Target Corp., which reported results Wednesday and has suffered negative same-store sales for four straight quarters. Wal-Mart earnings amounted to $1 a share in the period. Analysts had estimated 96 cents. ‘Feel Good’ The company expects profit of $1 to $1.08 in the second quarter, compared with a projection of $1.07. U.S. same-store sales will grow 1.5 percent to 2 percent, Wal-Mart said, higher than the 1.2 percent analysts had expected prior to the results. “We feel good about the momentum across the business,” Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said on a call with reporters. Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon has used the Jet acquisition as a catalyst for online growth. After buying that business in September, he put co-founder Marc Lore in charge of U.S. e-commerce. Wal-Mart followed up with some smaller deals, snapping up outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women’s apparel seller ModCloth earlier this year. “Customers are placing more repeat orders and spending more,” Lore said on the call. “The companies we have bought have helped to build our assortment and give us expertise in categories that are hard to crack.” Lore said the company was seeing “nice growth” from its latest offer of discounts on some web orders that are picked up in store. It now offers curbside pickup of online grocery in 670 locations. New Customers Wal-Mart has found that offering online groceries brings in new customers, and those shoppers are typically young families “who don’t want to drag their kids around a Wal-Mart,” according to Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. About 42 percent of Wal-Mart’s regular monthly shoppers are members of Amazon’s Prime program, according to research firm InfoScout. Wal-Mart also has held talks to buy men’s clothing startup Bonobos Inc. for about $300 million, a person familiar with the matter said last month. Lore declined to comment on the deal Thursday. The acquisitions have helped burnish Wal-Mart’s online image, though the majority of e-commerce growth came from its longstanding Walmart.com site last quarter. Its digital growth rate was nearly triple that of Target. Amazon’s sales of so-called retail products climbed 16 percent last quarter. Wal-Mart’s online expansion hasn’t come cheap, though. Its expenses grew faster than sales in the first quarter, Biggs said in an interview. Wal-Mart has pledged to reverse that trend over the course of the year. Gross margins in the U.S. business were unchanged, missing the estimate of some analysts who had expected a slight uptick. “We’re still not where we want to be,” Biggs said. Fresh Food Beyond the web, Wal-Mart is striving to improve its brick-and-mortar experience. Cleaner aisles, faster checkouts and fewer missing items have been the focus for Wal-Mart’s U.S. stores chief Greg Foran. The New Zealander also is beefing up the retailer’s fresh food, store-brand and services businesses to provide a buffer against both Amazon and German discounter Aldi. Comparable-store sales of food were the highest in more than three years, Wal-Mart said, as deflationary pressure subsided. Grocery retailers like Wal-Mart and Kroger Co. have been grappling with a historic bout of food deflation, prompting price wars in categories like meat and dairy. And next month they’ll have to cope with more competition as Germany’s Lidl expands to the East Coast. Foran, who joined Wal-Mart in 2014, has also replaced the clunky handheld bar-code scanners used by employees since 1984, opened training facilities for 200,000 workers, and freed store managers from the backroom to spend more time on the sales floor. “With all the hullabaloo online, it’s easy to forget that in-store execution still means the world to them,” Bartashus said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil U.S. Stocks, Dollar Rebound; Brazil Shares Plunge: Markets Wrap The Volatility Buyer Known as '50 Cent' Just Had a Huge Payday One Dead After Car Plows Into Times Square Crowd; Terrorism Not Suspected Brazil's Assets Dive as Political Crisis Engulfs President Temer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Taylor Hood Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 52° Share Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries By Alex Veiga / Associated Press Published: Thursday, May 18th, 2017 at 8:41am Updated: Thursday, May 18th, 2017 at 8:32pm FILE - This Oct. 4, 2014, file photo, shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are modestly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Thursday, May 18, 2017, as traders were relieved to see some positive results from retailers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... DEVELOPING STORY — This story will be updated as new information becomes available. TOKYO — Asian stocks were mostly lower Friday as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian coordination with President Donald Trump’s campaign. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 dipped 0.2 percent to 19,510.96 in morning trading. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 edged down nearly 0.5 percent to 5,711.10. South Korea’s Kospi was little changed at 2,287.30. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 25,131.74. The Shanghai Composite slipped nearly 0.1 percent to 3,087.38. BRAZIL FACTOR: Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. Advertisement Continue reading U.S. FACTOR: U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. THE QUOTE: “Given the heightened level of uncertainty, I suspect traders will remain in a kind of Investor Purgatory where risk aversion dominates and fear mounts that the investigation could open up a whole new can of worms which will do little more than compound the markets current panic syndrome,” said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures added 32 cents to $49.67 a barrel. It rose 28 cents to $49.35 a barrel in New York Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 40 cents to $52.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro slipped to $1.1112 from $1.1153 late Thursday in Asia. The dollar strengthened slightly to 111.20 yen from 111.17 yen. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Asian shares mostly lower amid Brexit worries, Takata falls – Jan 15, 2017 Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street – Mar 6, 2017 Asian stocks mostly lower as region awaits Trump-Xi meeting – Apr 5, 2017 Asian stocks mostly higher, some markets closed on Labor Day – Apr 30, 2017 Advertisement Load comments Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More Today 12° to 15° Tonight 5° to 6° Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop   TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog News Business Brexit Bites Technology Markets Economy Analysis Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, online sales jump Updated / Thursday, 18 May 2017 15:36 Wal-Mart is benefiting from a $2.7 billion investment to increase entry-level wages and enhance the training of its workforce Wal-Mart Stores today reported higher-than-expected quarterly sales at established US stores. A huge investment to bring more customers into the discount retailer paid off while a bigger push into e-commerce boosted online purchases, sending its shares to a 52-week high.  Wal-Mart and analysts said the company is benefiting from a $2.7 billion investment to increase entry-level wages and enhance the training of its workforce, which has led to better stocked shelves and cleaner stores.  It said store visits rose 1.5%, the tenth consecutive quarterly increase. Wal-Mart's performance, along with rival Target Corp's results this week, bucked a string of weak results by department store retailers like Macy's.  Target yesterday reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and sales, and set an optimistic tone for the year.  Wal-Mart said sales at US stores open at least a year rose 1.4%, excluding fuel price fluctuations, and was the 11th consecutive quarterly increase. Analysts were expecting a 1.3% increase.  Wal-Mart has been aggressively investing in making its prices more competitive compared to rivals.  It is carrying out price tests in 11 states and has asked vendors to offer grocery prices that are 15% lower than competitors.  Wal-Mart's US chief executive Greg Foran said comparable sales in food and grocery improved during the quarter, without sharing details. Grocery accounts for nearly 53% of overall revenue for the retailer. The company said its online sales rose 63% in the first quarter, which was higher than 29% growth in the fourth quarter.  The company said most of the growth was from its existing online operations rather than from acquisitions. Online sales added 0.8 percentage points to the first quarter comparable sales gain. Wal-Mart has been trying to catch up to online rival Amazon.com and in October, the company said it would slow the pace of new store openings to focus on expanding its e-commerce business.  To accelerate its e-commerce business, Wal-Mart has been acquiring small online retail startups.  It has acquired three companies so far this year and is currently in talks with small online clothing retailer Bonobos.  The company said today that earnings per share was $1 for the quarter ended on April 30, exceeding the analysts' average estimate of 96 cents, according to Thomson Reuters.  Consolidated net income fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to a higher tax rate.  Quarterly revenue rose 1.4% to $117.5 billion, slightly lower than analysts expectations of $117.7 billion due to a stronger dollar, which reduces the value of overseas sales. Revenue grew 2.8% on a currency neutral basis. For the second quarter, Wal-Mart said it expected an increase of 1.5-2% in US same-store sales. It forecast earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, against market expectations of $1.07. More on News Business us retail sales wal-mart Target Corp Most Read 1Government loses Dáil vote on sale of AIB shares07:39 2Michael Noonan to step down as finance minister19:01 3Aryzta appoints DAA head Kevin Toland as new CEO17:45 4Bank of Ireland appoints Francesca McDonagh as new CEO08:29 5EU fines Facebook €110m over misleading WhatsApp data14:37 More for you. Most Read 1Government loses Dáil vote on sale of AIB shares07:39 2Michael Noonan to step down as finance minister19:01 3Aryzta appoints DAA head Kevin Toland as new CEO17:45 4Bank of Ireland appoints Francesca McDonagh as new CEO08:29 5EU fines Facebook €110m over misleading WhatsApp data14:37 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Business Companies Asda 'on the right track' as rate of sales decline slows Asda chief executive Sean Clarke has slashed the prices as he bids to wrest back market shares from rivals. By Roger Baird Updated May 18, 2017 15:25 BST Asda has posted another fall in quarterly sales, but its US owner, Walmart, said the business is "on the right track" as the supermarket’s new boss makes his mark on the businessMatt Cardy/Getty Images Asda has posted another fall in quarterly sales, but its US owners said the business is "on the right track" as the supermarket's new boss makes his mark on the business. The chain, owned by US retail giant Walmart, reported a 2.8% fall in like-for-likes sales in its first quarter. The figure represents an 11th consecutive quarter of sales declines but marks a slight improvement on the previous period, which saw Asda sales fall 2.9%. Asda chief executive Sean Clarke, took up the reins last July after replacing previous boss Andy Clarke. He has slashed the prices of everyday items as he attempts to arrest falling sales. All of Britain's Big Four supermarkets, Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's and Morrisons, have suffered in recent years as German discounters Aldi and Lidl have eaten away their market shares. In a first-quarter trading update, Walmart said it is confident that Asda, under Walmart veteran Clarke, is "on the right track". Clarke added: "We're pleased that the momentum of the fourth quarter has continued into the New Year with a third consecutive quarter of improvement. "We're delivering more consistently for our customers, particularly in fresh food, service and availability – both in stores and online. "Participation in our award-winning Own Brand ranges has increased as we focus on increasing its value and quality and make sure we are offering the right ranges for our customers. "Despite this progress we are in no way complacent and there is still much for us to do." Figures out earlier this month from research group Kantar showed that Asda's market share fell to 15.6% from 16% in the 12 weeks to April 23. However, Kantar also said that Asda's sales rose 0.8%, its first year-on-year sales increase since October 2014. More business news Pringles tubes and Lucozade Sport bottles are 'villains' of recycling industry Thomas Cook's booking demands increase despite firm's earnings remaining in the red Meet Bernard Charles: Dassault Systèmes CEO, strategist and chief scientist rolled into one Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Roger Ailes dead at 77 Columnists Mostafa Naderi “I was a political prisoner for 11 years in Iran – this election is a parody of democracy READ MORE Oil futures extend gains as traders priced-in Opec cuts Brent, WTI futures ticked higher as the market soaked in... Meet Bernard Charles: Dassault Systèmes CEO, strategist and chief scientist rolled into one Boss of digital mock-up outfit discusses his company's corporate... Squaring bets on gold to Bitcoin plays akin to pitting apples against oranges Uptick in yellow metal's price and cryptocurrency's rise have started... Bernard Arnault: LVMH's hard-bargaining billionaire Sun King The French mogul has built the world's largest luxury goods group,... Placid consumers and inert policymakers are swelling up the global credit card bubble A credit card is one of the most expensive ways to borrow, yet its... Asia: Investors remain wary as they wait for the unraveling of Trump's latest woes US President Donald Trump's dismissal of FBI head James Comey and the... Molotov cocktails hurled at Greek parliament while new austerity measures approved The measures were needed to unlock Greece's next bail-out instalment. Fundamentals kick in as US equities bounce back from Trump-related dip Latest economic data helped prop up the market from yesterday's worst... Gibraltar greets Brexit with regulatory framework for blockchain Gibraltar has published proposals for a regulatory framework for DLT... How IHS Markit's syndicated loans blockchain arrived at cash John Olesky, a managing director for loan platforms at IHS Markit,... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy 5/18 Asia-Pacific stocks stabilize after uneasy week of trading 5/18 Uber appeals ruling against arbitration in Waymo dispute 5/18 Bill Ackman has ‘something to prove’ after Valeant mistake Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart manages sales rise as others stumble By Sarah Nassauer Published: May 18, 2017 9:45 a.m. ET Share By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reported stronger quarterly sales Thursday, showing that the world's largest retailer is drawing shoppers at a time when many competitors are reeling in the era of Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart's U.S. same-store sales rose 1.4% in the first quarter, the 11th straight quarterly increase, as more shoppers came to stores and e-commerce sales surged. The retailer had a 1.5% rise in foot traffic, thanks in part to improvements Wal-Mart has made in its stores. However, profit fell 1.3% in the quarter, as the retailer continued making investments to compete with online retailers and discounters by lowering prices, raising wages and expanding e-commerce services. Shares in the company rose 2.9% in morning trading to $77.26. The company's stable sales are a marked contrast with many department-store retailers and competitors including Target Corp., which reported lower sales Wednesday. Wal-Mart also reported higher sales over the winter holiday season. But those gains are being supported by heavy investments, including buying up e-commerce companies, expanded online inventory and investments to speed up shipping times. During the first quarter, U.S. e-commerce sales surged 63%, boosted by the purchases of online retailer Jet.com in September and smaller e-commerce sites ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy earlier this year. Global e-commerce sales rose 7% from a year ago. "The acquisitions have received a lot of attention but our plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success. The majority of our growth is and will be organic," said Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon in a conference call. "We need to scale our e-commerce business further and see some additional strength in our store comps to deliver the results we know we're capable of," said Mr. McMillon. Sales in the first part of the quarter were slow, in part because of a delay in the disbursement of federal tax refund checks, but strengthened later in the quarter, he said. In all for the April period, Wal-Mart earned $3.04 billion, or $1 a share, compared with $3.08 billion, or 98 cents a share, a year ago, the first quarterly earnings-per-share increase in more than two years. Revenue increased 1.4% to $117.54 billion. Excluding currency headwinds the company said revenue would have climbed to $118.8 billion. Analysts, polled by Thomson Reuters, were looking for earnings of 96 cents a share on $117.74 billion in revenue. Wal-Mart said operating, selling, general and administrative expenses grew 2.2% during the quarter. Its cost of sales rose 1.3%. For the current quarter, the company guided for earnings of $1.00 to $1.08 a share, including a 5-cent tax benefit from the sale of the company's apparel format in Mexico. Analysts, on average, are looking for Wal-Mart to earn $1.07 a share. "The first quarter was a solid quarter for Wal-Mart on multiple fronts as margins held steady despite the myriad ongoing investments in people, technology and price," said Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea. Write to Sarah Nassauer at sarah.nassauer@wsj.com and Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com More from MarketWatch More Coverage Ask Arora: How investors can avoid losing their shirt in the age of Trump Treasury yields bounce off 4-week low on upbeat economic data This may be the biggest financial mistake millennials are making Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Amazon Wants to Solve Online Fashion's Biggest Problem If it can crack the code, a number of brick-and-mortar retailers may be in very serious trouble, Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) May 18, 2017 at 9:18AM When a person buys a piece of clothing in a store, he or she has the option of trying it on. That's a major advantage for brick-and-mortar retailers because online customers not only have to wait for their order to be delivered, it may not fit once it arrives. Even if the size proves correct, it's also possible that an item bought from a website simply won't be what you expected, necessitating a return. That's a hassle even on websites that make every effort to make the process easy. It's perhaps less difficult when ordering online from a chain like Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) or Target (NYSE: TGT), which allow in-store returns of online orders, but even then it's not as easy as simply walking back to the rack and grabbing another size. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) wants to solve that problem by creating technology that helps customers find the right fit in an online shopping environment. That's not an easy challenge, but it's one that could put another nail in the coffin of the many struggling apparel retailers while removing an edge Wal-Mart and Target currently enjoy. Amazon wants to create an online answer to the dressing room. Image source: Getty Images. What is Amazon doing? Part of Amazon Grand Challenges, the company's internal innovation incubator, the new effort became public when the employee in charge of the project wrote about it in his LinkedIn profile. That employee, Sam Dwarakanath, formerly worked on the Amazon Go convenience store concept, and he laid out his new job as follows: As of September 2016 I am building and leading a technical team that is focused on making it easy for customers to discover apparel and shoes that appeal to them, including finding the perfect fit. ... Our problems span hardware/robotics, applied research (statistical learning/machine learning, information retrieval, optimization, and image processing), usability (UI design and UX research), software engineering (broad array of design, implementation, and algorithm problems), and quality assurance. Those, of course, are not easy problems to solve, but Amazon certainly has the resources to make it happen. It's hard to know what direction the company will take to create virtual fitting rooms or other methods to minimize how often a customer places an order that eventually has to be returned, but that's clearly the goal. What could this mean for retail? Mall-based apparel retailers have been struggling and chains including Sears Holdings and J.C. Penney have seen their apparel business shrink dramatically. The internet has certainly contributed to that and with Amazon making a full-on charge into the clothing space by launching multiple private-label brands, solving the problem of ill-fitting items would remove one of the few edges physical stores have. And it's not as if trying on clothes in stores is a pleasant experience; many people would likely be happy to do it in the privacy of their own home. Amazon already has a strong selection, good pricing, and quick delivery. If it solves this issue, the only edge brick-and-mortar retailers will have is immediacy, and that's not a major advantage in most cases. It may take significant time for Amazon to go from concept to reality, but it's likely that if the online leader wants to solve this problem it will. That will win it business not just from physical stores, but also from other online retailers who can't offer the same technology. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 18, 2017 at 9:18AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $958.49 up $13.73 (1.45%) Read More Apple Can't Be Happy About Amazon's New Toys Amazon's Newest Product Wants to Judge Your Outfit 4 Things Amazon.com, Inc. Management Wants Investors to Know Amazon Is Betting Big on India Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Netflix, Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Amazon Wants to Solve Online Fashion's Biggest Problem @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Intraday Alerts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Is Up After Q1 Profit Surpassed Expectations 5/18/2017 9:37 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) reported first quarter EPS of $1.00 Thursday morning, up from $0.98 a year ago. Analysts expected EPS of $0.96. Second quarter EPS is expected to be between $1.00 and $1.08. Street expectations are for EPS of $1.07. Wal-Mart Stores has gapped open sharply higher Thursday morning and is now up 2.02 at $77.14. The stock has broken out of a 3-week trading range and has set a new high for the year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Dubai For Lunch? The 10 Longest Non-Stop Flights On Earth The 10 Worst Countries in the World For Health Care Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets May Surprise You Previous Story Next Story Momentum Sohu.com Inc. (SOHU) Has Jumped To Over A 7-Month High Endologix Inc. (ELGX) Has Dropped To A New Low For The Year Athenahealth Inc. (ATHN) Is Surging After Elliott Associates Discloses Stake Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO) Has Dropped To A 3-Month Low On Weak Guidance L Brands Inc. (LB) Is Climbing On Better Than Expected Q1 Earnings WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Has Broken Out To A 9-Month High Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (AAWW) Is Falling After Note Offering Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc. (SNDX) Is Climbing As Study Advances Red Robin Gourmet Burgers (RRGB) Has Surged To A New High On Q1 Results Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Is Challenging The Highs After Strong Q2 Report Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Is Sinking After Q1 Profit Fell Short Akebia Therapeutics Inc. (AKBA) Has Jumped To A New High On License Agreement Sina Corp. (SINA) Has Spiked To A New High After Q1 Profit Beat Weibo Corp. (WB) Has Surged To A New High On Strong Q1 Earnings Westmoreland Coal (WLB) Has Tumbled To An 8-Month Low After Q1 Loss <<Previous        24 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Lidl To Rival Aldi And Walmart, Bringing 5,000 Jobs To U.S. Walmart Q1 EPS Up, Tops View; Sees Higher Comps In Q2 EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Q1 Earnings Report The 10 Most Beloved Credit Cards, Ranked Report : Wal-Mart Close To Resolving Bribery Probe For $300 Mln Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed FCC Votes To Move Forward With Efforts To Roll Back Net Neutrality Fox News Mastermind Roger Ailes Has Died GM Quits India, South Africa Household Debt Rises Above 2008 Peak Walmart Q1 EPS Up, Tops View; Sees Higher Comps In Q2 Alex Jones Apologizes To Chobani, Settles Lawsuit Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View Valeant, Activis Call Truce Over Xifaxan Biz Stone To Save The Day At Twitter? Ford Cutting White-Collar Jobs, Mostly Via Buyouts Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video Facebook Refunds Some Advertisers After Measurement Error AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Gainers & Losers Of May 16: AKBA, MTFB, TTNP, IMUC, CAPR... Gainers & Losers Of May 15: CBMG, ETRM, ALNY, EGRX, ONCS... Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video SNDX Rises On Entinostat Data, Kalydeco Gets FDA Nod, Concert Fails To Enthrall Gainers & Losers Of May 17: SNDX, PULM, PBYI, CNCE, XLRN... AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR Riding High: Hortonworks Inc. U.S. Dips On Fragile States Index; South Sudan Most Fragile State Lyft, Waymo Sign Collaboration Deal On Self-driving Cars Court Says Google Is Not Generic Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View MP3 Creators Declare Format Dead General Mills Giving Away Marshmallow-Only Lucky Charms K3 Business Now Sees FY Results Significantly Below Market View; Stock Plunges SGL Carbon Backs Net Loss Forecast For FY17; Sees Higher Sales - Quick Facts Baby Wipes Recalled For Mold Risk The TJX Companies, Inc. Q1 Income Climbs 5% AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Lyndon Rive, Former SolarCity CEO, To Leave Tesla ABN AMRO Intends To Appoint Abrahams As Member Of Executive Board And CFO EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Clean Diesel Technologies Inc. Q1 Earnings Report Johnson & Johnson Posting Strong Gain On Upgrade By JPMorgan Ionis Pharmaceuticals Posting Steep Loss In Afternoon Trading Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Salesforce.com (CRM) stalls after meager Q1 beat >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Punches Higher on Rare Retail Win The world's biggest retailer has finally found a winning formula, and WMT stock is turning up the heat By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 18, 2017, 8:33 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: The 5 Most Vulnerable Stocks in the Market Right Now Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Up 500% in 2 Years? Here’s How it Happened. Why Tesla Inc (TSLA), Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) and Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Recent Posts: Why Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO), Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (ADR) (PBR.A) and Endologix, Inc. (ELGX) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Punches Higher on Rare Retail Win Why Bank of America Corp (BAC), American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks View All Posts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) is rallying Thursday morning on a second straight positive earnings report — amid a lousy season for retail, no less. WMT stock bears might be forced to admit it: This looks like a turnaround. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Back in mid-February when Walmart unveiled fiscal fourth-quarter results, investors had good reason to think the comeback effort being led by CEO Doug McMillon was finally getting traction. Although sales fell a bit short of expectations and per-share profits were down by a fair amount, earnings topped expectations. Best of all, same-store sales were up 1.8% versus estimates of only 1.3%. Walmart stock jumped 3% on the newfound glimmer of hope then, and though shares ebbed a little a week later (to fill a gap left behind by the jump), shares rallied to record levels when the buying was rekindled in late March. As it turns out, those investors were right to be encouraged. The world’s biggest retailer just reported its second consecutive earnings beat, and though sales once again fell just a bit short of expectations, comps were solidly higher. Walmart Earnings in Focus For the quarter ending April, Walmart earned $1.00 per share on sales of $117.5 billion. Analysts were calling for earnings of 96 cents per share, down just a bit from the 98 cents per share earned in 2016’s comparable quarter. Those same analysts were also looking for revenue of $117.74 billion, up 1.6% year-over-year. Same-store sales in the U.S. were higher by 1.4%, versus the company’s guidance for an improvement between 1.0% and 1.5%. McMillon commented on the company’s first quarter results: “We delivered a solid first quarter and we’re encouraged by the start to the year. We’re moving faster to combine out digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers. Our plan is gaining traction.” Walmart stock was up 3% in Thursday’s premarket trading on the fact that McMillon’s plan is indeed getting traction. It was something of a standout quarter relative to most other retailers’ reports, as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) continued to chip away at traditional brick-and-mortar chains by offering lower-priced merchandise online, often with free (or very cheap) shipping options. Walmart has been fighting fire with fire, so to speak, allocating $2 billion two years ago to grow its online presence. The expenditures appear to be paying off too, as does the September acquisition of e-commerce newcomer Jet.com. After the company’s online sales growth pace deteriorated all the way through the end of 2015, its e-commerce arm started to ramp up its growth beginning in the second quarter of 2016 when online sales grew 29% on a year-over-year basis. Last quarter, online sales in the U.S. grew 63%, while the volume of merchandise sold online was up 69%. A big piece of that e-commerce growth stems from the company’s most recent strategy. That is, Walmart has made a point of matching or beating Amazon’s low-cost shipping offering, sacrificing margins to gain market share. Orders of $35 per more qualify for free two-day shipping. Other bright spots on the retailer’s income statement include improved operating income on a constant-currency basis (though down when factoring in the adverse impact of foreign exchange rates). The Minimum Wage Effect Last quarter’s results also mark the last time Walmart’s payroll expense will look comparatively high. In January of last year, Walmart upped its minimum wage to $10 per hour for 1.2 million workers. The retailer also put a program in place shortly after that to ensure new hires get raises earlier than they may have in the past. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock-punches-higher-on-rare-retail-win/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy for Every Kind of Investor Bank of America Still Is a Breakdown Risk 7 Criminally Underrated Tech Stocks to Buy Now The 3 Best Dow Jones Stocks to Buy Today Twilio's Uber Problems Microsoft Doesn’t Owe You an Apology ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy for Every Kind of Investor 7 Criminally Underrated Tech Stocks to Buy Now! The 3 Best Dow Jones Stocks to Buy 5 Ways You Can Screw Up Your 401k Go Long Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for Gains of Up To 550% Most Popular The 5 Most Vulnerable Stocks in the Market Right Now 7 Big Bank Stocks Getting Clocked by Trump Chaos The 10 Best Growth Stocks for Retirement Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Holders Should Be Worried The Nvidia (NVDA) Stock Bubble Is About to Pop The 10 Best Stocks for a “Set It and Forget It” Summer Portfolio Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine Wolfe Research Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Cut to Underperform at Boenning Scattergood Voxeljet AG (VJET) Raised to “Outperform” at Cowen and Company Stifel Nicolaus Boosts XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) Price Target to $65.00 Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Price Target Raised to $128.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Robert W. Baird Analysts Give Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) a $80.00 Price Target Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Cut to Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley Ubiquiti Networks Inc (UBNT) Position Maintained by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Has $448,000 Position in Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Ford Motor Company (F) Shares Bought by Dowling & Yahnke LLC Meyer Handelman Co. Has $3,028,000 Position in Citigroup Inc (C) Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Stake Reduced by Welch & Forbes LLC Alerus Financial NA Has $3.557 Million Stake in Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Deere & Company (DE) Position Lowered by Agran Libbie Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Stake Maintained by Mercer Capital Advisers Inc. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Has $422,000 Position in Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Target Co. (TGT) Position Cut by Daniel Devine & Co Danaher Co. (DHR) Shares Bought by Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Whittier Trust Co. Sells 238 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Robert W. Baird Analysts Give Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) a $80.00 Price Target May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the retailer’s stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a c+ rating to a b- rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a neutral rating to a buy rating and increased their price target for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $75.31 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $86.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $84.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $76.73. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 75.12 on Monday. Wal-Mart Stores has a 52-week low of $65.28 and a 52-week high of $77.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $74.33 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.77. The firm has a market cap of $227.84 billion, a PE ratio of 17.15 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/robert-w-baird-analysts-give-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-a-80-00-price-target.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.72%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Farmers National Bank increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. Farmers National Bank now owns 13,741 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $991,000 after buying an additional 167 shares during the last quarter. Lowe Brockenbrough & Co. Inc. increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the first quarter. Lowe Brockenbrough & Co. Inc. now owns 98,401 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $7,093,000 after buying an additional 580 shares during the last quarter. Financial Advisors Network Inc. increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.3% in the first quarter. Financial Advisors Network Inc. now owns 3,561 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $271,000 after buying an additional 46 shares during the last quarter. First City Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6.8% in the first quarter. First City Capital Management Inc. now owns 3,129 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $229,000 after buying an additional 198 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Green Square Capital LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the first quarter worth $267,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What’s Good in Wal-Mart Q1 Earnings By Paul Ausick May 18, 2017 8:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) reported first-quarter fiscal 2018 results before markets opened Thursday. The retailing giant posted adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $1.00 on total revenues of $117.54 billion, including membership fees in Sam’s Club. In the same period a year ago, Wal-Mart reported EPS of $0.98 on revenues of $115.9 billion. First-quarter also results compare to consensus estimates for EPS of $0.96 and $117.74 billion in revenue. U.S. first-quarter same-store sales rose 1.4% at the company’s supercenter and discount stores. Same-store sales in the company’s Sam’s Club stores were up 1.6% excluding fuel sales and up 3% including fuel. Total U.S. net sales, including fuel, rose 1.5% for the quarter. U.S. traffic in stores was up 1.5% year over year. Consolidated operating income rose 1.3% year over year in the first quarter. U.S. operating income rose 0.9% for the quarter while the company’s international segment saw a quarterly jump of 9%. Operating income at Sam’s Club stores rose 0.2% in the quarter. The good news for Wal-Mart is that e-commerce growth came in at 63% and gross merchandise value (GMV) rose 69%. The company has invested heavily in e-commerce and these numbers indicate that it is beginning to pay off. Wal-Mart guided second quarter EPS at $1.00 to $1.08, excluding an expected net benefit of $0.05 per share related to the sale of a Mexican subsidiary. Second-quarter same-store sales are expected to rise 1.5% to 2.0% at U.S. stores and 1.0% to 1.5% at Sam’s Club stores, excluding fuel sales. The company did not change its guidance for fiscal year 2018 EPS in a range of $4.20 to $4.40. Consensus estimates call for second-quarter EPS of $1.07 and revenues of $122.73 billion. For the 2018 fiscal year, analysts are looking for EPS of $4.33 and sales of $495.69 billion. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said: We delivered a solid first quarter and we’re encouraged by the start to the year. We’re moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple for customers. Our plan is gaining traction …. Wal-Mart’s shares traded up about 1% in premarket trading Thursday, at $75.90, in a 52-week range of $65.28 to $77.05. The consensus 12-month price target was $75.18 before the results were announced. The high target is $90.00. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Baird Dividend Portfolio Offers Big Yields, Safety and Solid Upside Potential Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Cisco, Expedia, Exxon, First Solar, Noble, Shake Shack, Symantec and More » Read more: Retail, Earnings, Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands States With the Worst Roads States Producing the Most Renewable Energy The Richest Town in Every State Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 General Electric, Ascena Retail Group Tumble into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Wal-Mart, Apple Lead DJIA Higher Thursday What Analysts Are Saying After Cisco’s Earnings Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Elon Musk Sends Seemingly Mixed Messages on Tesla's Valuation Google Is Making Its Biggest Push Yet Into Augmented Reality Real Talk! Here's Exactly When to Pay Off Credit Balances to Improve Your Credit Score Synchrony Financial to buy back up to $1.64 billion in shares Synchrony Financial hikes quarterly dividend to 15 cents Trump says he wants biggest tax cut in U.S. history Five Strong Buys Bucking Market Trends Incyte (INCY) Announces Positive Data on Enzyme Inhibitor A.I. Takes Center Stage at Google I/O 2017 Keynote Event Toyota, Nissan, others get behind fuel cell push in Japan Seeking a New Narrative, Trump Embarks on Trip to Middle East and Europe Trump Labor secretary tells G-20: More apprenticeships in US Basquiat Painting Sells for Historic $110.5 Million At Sotheby's Auction Why Trump Doesn't Have The Power To Mess With National Monuments This Pet-Sitting Site Lets You Vacation Around The World For Free Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Wal-Mart's online sales soar as retail giant pursues Amazon Wal-Mart's online sales have jumped 69 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, catapulting the retail conglomerate into the position as Amazon's main competitor.PHOTO: AFP PublishedMay 18, 2017, 8:42 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46vR Copy NEW YORK (BLOOMBERG) - Wal-Mart Stores gained momentum in its fight against Amazon.com, with its online sales growing at the fastest clip in at least five years. The e-commerce business saw gross merchandise volume - a measure of all the goods it sells online - soar 69 per cent in the first quarter, Wal-Mart said on Thursday. Total revenue climbed 1.4 percent to US$117.5 billion (S$163.7 billion). The results signal that Wal-Mart is getting a payoff from an ambitious online expansion, which included last year's US$3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. The company now boasts 50 million items on its website, up from 35 million the previous quarter.  "All of a sudden, Wal-Mart is the primary competitor to Amazon, as opposed to a fragmented cluster of people," said Greg Portell, a partner at consulting firm A.T. Kearney. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up The shares gained as much as 1.2 per cent to US$76 in early trading after the results were released. Growth at Wal-Mart's brick-and-mortar stores was more measured, though it still outpaced estimates. US same-store sales rose 1.4 per cent, beating the 1.3 per cent gain projected by analysts. That marked the 11th-consecutive period of positive sales in the company's home market. Earnings amounted to US$1 a share in the period, which ended April 30. Analysts had estimated 96 cents. The company expects profit of US$1 to US$1.08 in the second quarter, compared with a projection of US$1.07. US same-store sales will grow 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent, Wal-Mart said. "We're encouraged by the start to the year," chief executive Officer Doug McMillon said in a statement. "Our plan is gaining traction." Mr McMillon has used the Jet acquisition as a catalyst for online growth. After buying that business in September, he put co-founder Marc Lore in charge of US e-commerce. Wal-Mart followed up with some smaller deals, snapping up outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women's apparel seller ModCloth earlier this year. It's also held talks to buy men's clothing startup Bonobos for about US$300 million, a person familiar with the matter said last month. The deals have helped burnish Wal-Mart's online image, though the majority of e-commerce growth came from its longstanding Walmart.com site last quarter. Wal-Mart's online expansion hasn't come cheap. Its expenses grew faster than sales in the first quarter, chief financial officer Brett Biggs said in an interview. Wal-Mart has pledged to reverse that trend over the course of the year. "We're still not where we want to be," Mr Biggs said. At the same time, Wal-Mart is striving to improve its brick-and-mortar experience. Cleaner aisles, faster checkouts and fewer missing items have been the focus for Wal-Mart's US stores chief Greg Foran. The New Zealander also is beefing up the retailer's store-brand and services business to provide a buffer against both Amazon and German discounter Aldi. He's replaced the clunky handheld bar-code scanners used by employees since 1984, opened training facilities for 200,000 workers, and freed store managers from the backroom to spend more time on the sales floor. "With all the hullabaloo online, it's easy to forget that in-store execution still means the world to them," said Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Topics:  E-COMMERCE AMAZON More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46vR Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Walmart Earnings Exceed Expectations TheStreet Staff May 18, 2017 7:39 AM EDT Walmart  (WMT)  showed that the retail industry is not dead and gone on Thursday by posting earnings that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. The company managed to increase its online sales by over 60% during its first quart, compared to a 29% growth in the previous quarter. A combination of factors are thought to have benefited Walmart, including its acquisition of Jet.com, free shipping fo purchases above $35 and lower prices than its competitors. "We delivered a solid first quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year," said Walmart CEO Doug McMillon. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Amazon Should Be Terrified by What Walmart Is Quietly Testing in China If it can bring this to the U.S., there may be no stopping the discount king. Lindsay Rittenhouse May 18, 2017 11:30 PM EDT A Staggering 225,000 People Will Graduate from Walmart University This Year Walmart is aiming to be more than a place that offers just minimum-wage jobs. Lindsay Rittenhouse May 18, 2017 11:00 PM EDT Here's the Big Secret on How Walmart Just Shocked Everyone With Its Online Sales It's really pretty simple. Brian Sozzi May 18, 2017 10:00 PM EDT Walmart Has Done Something for More Than Two Years That Other Retailers Would Die to Do Walmart continues to outperform its closest rival. Brian Sozzi May 18, 2017 8:30 PM EDT Trending Executives, Lawmakers Agree Tax Reform Needed, Split on Details FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal European Stocks Set to Open Higher as Global Markets Regain Poise Tesla's Expensive Electric Cars Are Hilariously Left Off This Top 10 List As Qualcomm and Apple Battle, Don't Overlook Nokia's Patent Dispute Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Corporate-results Wal-Mart's quarterly same-store sales beat estimates Wal-Mart's quarterly same-store sales beat estimates Source : By : Nandita Bose Last Updated: Thu, May 18, 2017 18:01 hrs CHICAGO  - Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Thursday reported slightly higher-than-expected quarterly sales at established U.S. stores as customer visits increased and online purchases accelerated. Earnings per share came to $1 in the first quarter ended on April 30, exceeding the analysts' average estimate of 96 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Consolidated net income fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to an increase in the tax rate. Wal-Mart said sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.4 percent, excluding fuel price fluctuations. Analysts were expecting a 1.3 percent increase, according to Consensus Metrix. For the second quarter, Wal-Mart said it expected a rise of 1.5 percent to 2 percent in U.S. same-store sales. It forecast earnings per share of $1 to $1.08, against market expectations of $1.07. Online sales rose 63 percent, an acceleration from previous quarters. The company said most of the growth was from its existing online operations rather than from acquisitions. Wal-Mart's performance, along with rival Target Corp's results on Wednesday, bucked a string of weak results by department store retailers like Macy's Inc. On Wednesday, Target reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings and sales and set an optimistic tone for the year. Shares of Wal-Mart were up 1.2 percent at $76 before the market opened. As of Wednesday's close, the stock had risen 8.7 percent so far this year. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27210.00 (0.55%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27680.00 (0.25%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27500.00 (0.73%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27680.00 (0.54%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 26900.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26550.00 (-0.19%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27060.00 (-2.94%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart Earnings Beat Estimates, But Sales Miss ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Wal-Mart Earnings Beat Estimates, But Sales Miss By Tonya Garcia Published May 18, 2017 Markets MarketWatch Pulse Facebook Twitter Print Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reported first-quarter net income of $3.04 billion, or $1.00 per share, versus $3.08 billion, or 98 cents per share, for the same period last year. The FactSet consensus was 96 cents. Sales were $117.5 billion, up from $115.9 billion last year, and just below the $117.8 billion FactSet consensus. Wal-Mart U.S. same-store sales increased 1.4% driven by a 1.5% increase in traffic. Digital sales for Walmart U.S. rose 63%. Wal-Mart sees second-quarter EPS of $1.00 to $1.08, excluding the estimated benefit of about 5 cents from the sale of its Mexican apparel format Suburbia. Same-store sales for Walmart U.S. excluding fuel are expects to rise 1.5% to 2%. Wal-Mart shares are up 0.8% in Thursday premarket trading, and up 19% for the past year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 17.6% for the past 12 months and the S&P 500 index is up 15.1% for the period. Continue Reading Below Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2826 comments Featured Guns Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Early movers: WMT, BWLD, BABA, HIBB, PERY, PLCE & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack 19 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Wal-Mart – The retail giant reported quarterly profit of $1 per share, beating estimates by 4 cents. Revenue was slightly below forecasts, but comparable store sales did match the Street's outlook by rising 1.3 percent. Buffalo Wild Wings – Marcato Capital Management increased its stake in the restaurant chain to 9.9 percent from 6.1 percent, according to an SEC filing. Alibaba – The China-based e-commerce giant missed on the bottom line, although it beat on the top line. It also announced a $6 billion stock buyback. Hibbett Sports – The sporting goods retailer beat estimates by one cent with quarterly profit of 97 cents per share, while revenue was slightly below forecasts. Comparable store sales fell 4.9 percent, but the company said trends improved during the final 2 months of the quarter. Perry Ellis – The apparel and accessories maker reported profit of 83 cents per share for its latest quarter, 10 cents above estimates, while revenue also beat forecasts. It also gave an upbeat outlook for the full year. Children's Place – The children's apparel retailer earned an adjusted $1.95 per share for the latest quarter, well above estimates of $1.64, while revenue and comparable store sales also exceeded estimates. Children's Place also increased its full-year outlook. The Buckle – The accessories retailer reported quarterly profit of 34 cents per share, 1 cent above estimates, with revenue also above forecasts. Same-store sales did fall 10.1 percent, but that was smaller than the 12.2 percent drop that analysts were anticipating. Cisco Systems – Cisco reported quarterly profit of 60 cents per share, 2 cents above estimates. The networking equipment maker's revenue also beat forecasts, but it gave a weaker than expected current quarter outlook and announced 1,100 new job cuts. L Brands – L Brands beat estimates by 4 cents with quarterly earnings of 33 cents per share, while the Victoria's Secret parent reported revenue in line with Street forecasts. L Brands also raised its 2017 full-year guidance. Ascena Retail – The parent of Ann Taylor, Loft, and other apparel brands gave weaker than expected current quarter and full year 2017 guidance. Ascena said it no longer expects to see customer traffic stabilize and that market conditions are likely to remain challenging for the next 12 to 24 months. Halliburton – Halliburton named President Jeff Miller as its new chief executive officer, effective June 1. Current CEO Dave Lesar will remain as executive chairman. Both executives are long-time Halliburton employees – Lesar joined the oilfield services company in 1993, Miller in 1997. Deutsche Bank - Chairman Paul Achleitner told the bank's annual meeting that he expects former board members to pay substantial sums for past misconduct. Deutsche Bank had settled with the US for $7.2 billion over issues related to financial crisis-era mortgage bonds. General Motors – GM will stop selling vehicles in India and will sell its South African operations. The automaker will take a $500 million second-quarter charge related to the move. The move is part of GM's effort to focus on fewer, more profitable markets. Fiat Chrysler – The company will be the target of a Justice Department lawsuit over excess diesel emissions, according to reports, if no agreement is reached. The EPA accused the automaker earlier this year of using software to allow more than the legally allowed amount of emissions in about 104,000 vehicles. The company said such a move would be counterproductive to current talks, and that if litigation occurs, it will defend itself vigorously. Boeing – Boeing's unfair trade claims against Canadian competitor Bombardier will be investigated by the Commerce Department. Boeing claims that Bombardier's CSeries jets are being dumped below cost into the US market. BHP – BHP chief executive officer Andrew Mackenzie met with activist investor Elliott Management, in talks that Elliott is characterizing as "constructive". Elliott is pressuring the mining company for a variety of strategic changes. Merck – Merck's immunotherapy drug Keytruda lengthened survival in advanced bladder cancer patients by three months, according to trial results that the drug maker plans to present at next month's ASCO meeting. Intelsat - Softbank-backed OneWeb raised its bid for the satellite services operator, by cutting the discount that it is offering Intelsat's bond holders. The initial proposal had seen bond holders taking a $3.6 billion hit on the debt they hold. Pandora – Pandora shares are higher following a New York Post report that SiriusXM is in active talks about a bid for the online radio company. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PERY --- HIBB --- BABA --- BWLD --- WMT --- PANDORA --- I --- FCA --- GM --- BA --- BKE --- MRK --- BHP --- DBK --- SIRI --- HAL --- LB --- CSCO --- PLCE --- ASNA ---
Walmart U.S. Q1 comps grew 1.4% and Walmart U.S. eCommerce GMV grew 69%, Company reports Q1 FY18 diluted EPS of $1.00 Diluted EPS was $1.00, an increase of 2% over last year. Total revenue was $117.5 billion, an increase of 1.4%. Excluding currency, total revenue was $118.8 billion, an increase of 2.5%. Walmart U.S. comp sales increased 1.4%, driven by a traffic increase of 1.5%. Comp traffic increased 3.0% on a two-year stacked basis. E-commerce growth at Walmart U.S. was strong as sales and GMV increased 63% and 69%, respectively. The majority of this growth was organic through Walmart.com. Net sales at Walmart International were $27.1 billion, a decrease of 3.5%. Excluding currency, net sales were $28.3 billion, an increase of 0.8%. The company generated $5.4 billion in operating cash flow and returned $3.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Walmart reports Q1 FY18 earnings Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Walmart reports Q1 FY18 earnings Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Click on the image to download the full first quarter fiscal year 2018 earnings release PDF Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 18, 2017 07:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Along with this press release, Walmart makes available a recorded call with executive leaders and a financial presentation to review the business results, provide strategic updates, and comment on expectations for the future. We provide that call in both audio form and in a written transcript. Details on accessing the call are as follows: 877-523-5612 (U.S. and Canada) 201-689-8483 (other countries) Passcode: 9256278 (Walmart) MP3 @ stock.walmart.com The call is archived at stock.walmart.com Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Investor Relations: Steve Schmitt, 479-258-7172 or Media Relations: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Release Summary Walmart U.S. Q1 Comps grew 1.4% and Walmart U.S. eCommerce GMV grew 69%. Company reports Q1 FY18 diluted EPS of $1.00. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Investor Relations: Steve Schmitt, 479-258-7172 or Media Relations: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Analysis - Old machines show why Trump tax breaks may not spark new company spending Business Standard Wal-Mart's first-quarter comparable sales beat estimates Reuters  |  CHICAGO  May 18, 2017 Last Updated at 16:47 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVkT9X ALSO READ Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs 32 women entrepreneurs graduate from Walmart's programme Walmart pledges support to women-owned businesses in India Walmart to open 50 new stores in India Protest breaks out on Black Friday in Chicago CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly comparable sales on Thursday, helped by greater traffic at Wal-Mart and Sam's Club stores and a rise in online sales. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.4 percent in the first quarter, excluding fuel. Analysts polled by research firm Consesus Metrix had forecast a rise of 1.3 percent. Earnings per share for the world's largest retailer rose to $1 in the quarter ended April 30, from 98 cents per share in the same period a year ago. Consolidated net income fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to an increase in the tax rate. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicag; Editing by W Simon) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Walmart | Results | Chicago | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wal-Mart's first-quarter comparable sales beat estimates CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly comparable sales on Thursday, helped by greater traffic at Wal-Mart and Sam's Club stores and a rise in online sales. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly comparable sales on Thursday, helped by greater traffic at Wal-Mart and Sam's Club stores and a rise in online sales. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.4 percent in the first quarter, excluding fuel. Analysts polled by research firm Consesus Metrix had forecast a rise of 1.3 percent. Earnings per share for the world's largest retailer rose to $1 in the quarter ended April 30, from 98 cents per share in the same period a year ago. Consolidated net income fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to an increase in the tax rate. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicag; Editing by W Simon) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart's first-quarter comparable sales beat estimates CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly comparable sales on Thursday, helped by greater traffic at Wal-Mart and Sam's Club stores and a rise in online sales. Sales at U.S. stores open at least a year rose 1.4 percent in the first quarter, excluding fuel. Analysts polled by research firm Consesus Metrix had forecast a rise of 1.3 percent. Earnings per share for the world's largest retailer rose to $1 in the quarter ended April 30, from 98 cents per share in the same period a year ago. Consolidated net income fell to $3.04 billion from $3.08 billion due to an increase in the tax rate. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicag; Editing by W Simon) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
CLOSE More Options Quote of the Day Leadership is a lot about listening to yourself... Be brave with your decision even if it goes against the grain. Kit Crawford, Co-Owner of Clif Bar & Company
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart sees gains in e-commerce, lifting shares By Afp Published: 07:52 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 12:32 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail Walmart reported earnings of $3.0 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, down 1.3 percent from the year-ago period Wal-Mart Stores highlighted strong gains in its e-commerce business that boosted US sales, winning plaudits from Wall Street on Thursday after other retailers released disappointing earnings. The world's biggest retailer is accelerating efforts to "combine our digital and physical assets to make our shipping simple and easy for customers," chief executive Doug McMillon said in a statement. "Our customers have choices, and we have to earn their business with every interaction." Wal-Mart has been pumping funds into improving its in-store experience, upgrading stores and boosting worker pay, at the same time that it builds out its e-commerce business. The costs of those initiatives have pressured earnings in recent quarters, and the company reported earnings of $3.0 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, down 1.3 percent from the year-ago period. Revenues were up 1.4 percent at $117.5 billion. But the initiative has produced gains in comparable store sales in the US, a closely-watched benchmark that rose 1.4 percent in the first quarter. E-commerce sales surged 63 percent and merchandise volume saw a 69 percent jump. Analysts at Global Data Retail said Wal-Mart's sharp focus on keeping prices down in grocery was winning some customers back and described growth in e-commerce as evidence of a business "in the ascendancy." "Overall, this is an encouraging start to the year for Walmart," GlobalData Retail said in a research note. "This is one US retailer that is ahead of the curve in responding to the evolving landscape." Shares of Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent to $76.56 in mid-morning trading. In contrast, Macy's, Nordstrom and Dick's Sporting Goods all plunged after their earnings reports. Wal-Mart has boosted its online offerings to 50 million items, up five fold from a year ago, said Marc Lore, president and CEO, Walmart eCommerce US. The company introduced free two-day shipping for orders over $35 and discounts on non-store products if a customer picks it up at a store, an effort to exploit its network as it competes with Amazon and others. "There's more product to buy, you're able to get the product quicker," Lore said on a conference call with reporters. "The overall experience is improving." The gains followed a number of Wal-Mart acquisitions over the last year, although executives described the majority of the growth as "organic." Wal-Mart's financial reports do not break out revenues for e-commerce sales. Chief financial officer Brett Biggs said e-commerce is "still fairly small" within Wal-Mart's US business and there was no immediate plan to disclose more details about the business. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Charts & Quotes Market Glance Commentary Education Trading Tools Contact Symbol Search Select a Commodity --Currencies-- U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso   --Energies-- Crude Oil Heating Oil Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Ethanol   --Financials-- 30 Year T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 10-Year Swaps 5-Year Swaps 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   --Grains-- Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice KCBT Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   --Indices-- S&P 500 Index E-Mini S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Nasdaq Dow Industrials E-Mini Dow NYSE Composite S&P Midcap 400 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini SmallCap 600 CRB CCI Index   --Meats-- Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Pork Bellies CME Milk   --Metals-- Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium NYSE Gold NYSE Silver   --Softs-- Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Sugar #16 Lumber Symbol Lookup User: Pass:   Remember Me   Market Snapshot Market Data provided by Barchart.com No-risk real-time trial Articles Market Commentary Futures 101 Commentary Q&A With The Experts Trading Strategies RSS Feed Markets Currencies (US$, BP, Yen) Energies (Crude, Gas, Oil) Financials (Bonds, Notes) Grains (Corn, Wheat, Oats) Indices (Dow, S&P, Minis) Meats (Cattle, Hogs, Pork) Metals (Gold, Silver, Copper) Softs (Cotton, OJ, Coffee) Barchart Morning Call Thursday, May 18, 2017 by Barchart Research Team of Barchart.com OVERNIGHT MARKETS AND NEWS Jun E-mini S&Ps (ESM17 -0.18%) this morning are down -0.41% at a 3-1/2 week low and European stocks are down -1.21% at a 3-week low. U.S. stock index futures were under pressure and extended Wednesday's losses on signs the political crisis surrounding President Trump will linger after Reuters reported that advisers in the Trump campaign may have had at least 18 previously undisclosed contacts with Russia. The slump in stocks has pushed up the VIX volatility index to a 6-month high and sent investors to the safe-haven of precious metals with Jun COMEX gold (GCM17 +0.06%) up +0.44% at a 2-week high, and into government bonds as the 10-year T-note yield fell to a 4-week low of 2.179%. Asian stocks settled lower: Japan -1.32, Hong Kong -0.62%, China -0.46%, Taiwan -0.44%, Australia -0.82%, Singapore -0.08%, South Korea -0.29%, India -0.73%. Japan's Nikkei Stock Index tumbled to a 2-week low, despite data that showed a faster pace of Japanese growth in Q1, as the slide in global stocks boosted safe-haven demand for the yen, which rose to a 3-week high and undercut Japanese exporter stocks. The dollar index (DXY00 +0.01%) is down -0.07%. EUR/USD (^EURUSD) is down -0.20% as it fell back from a 6-1/4 month high after ECB Governing Council member Jazbec said it is too soon for the ECB to unwind QE. USD/JPY (^USDJPY) is down -0.32% at a 3-week low. GBP/USD soared +0.52% to a 7-1/2 month high after UK Apr retail sales climbed at a faster-than-expected pace. Jun 10-year T-note prices (ZNM17 +0.06%) are up +8 ticks at a 6-month high. ECB Governing Council member Jazbec said policy makers are not ready to unwind QE and "I would say that it is too soon to say firmly about any changes at all." ECB Executive Board member Coeure said the ECB can't wait too long to signal the winding down of its stimulus measures as "too much gradualism in monetary policy bears the risk of larger market adjustments when the decision is eventually taken." UK Apr retail sales ex auto fuel rose +2.0% m/m, stronger than expectations of +1.0% m/m and the biggest increase in 6-months. Apr retail sales including auto fuel rose +2.3% m/m, stronger than expectations of +1.1% m/m and the biggest increase in 15-months. Japan Q1 GDP rose +2.2% (q/q annualized), stronger than expectations of +1.7% (q/q annualized). The Q1 deflator fell -0.8% y/y, weaker than expectations of -0.7% y/y and the fastest pace of decline in 4 years. U.S. STOCK PREVIEW Key U.S. news today includes: (1) weekly initial unemployment claims (expected +4,000 to 240,000, previous -2,000 to 236,000) and continuing claims (expected +32,000 to 1.950 million, previous -61,000 to 1.918 million), (2) May Philadelphia Fed business outlook index (expected -3.5 to 18.5, Apr -10.8 to 22.0), (3) Apr leading indicators (expected +0.4%, Mar +0.4%), (4) Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin testifies before the Senate Banking Committee, (5) Treasury auctions $11 billion of 10-year TIPS, (6) Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester speaks to the Economic Club of Minnesota, (7) USDA weekly Export Sales. Notable Russell 2000 earnings reports today include: Wal-Mart (consensus $0.97), Gap (0.29), Autodesk (-0.23) Eagle Materials (0.85), Ralph Lauren (0.78), Ross Stores (0.80), Applied Materials (0.77), salesforc.com (0.26), McKesson (3.01). U.S. IPO's scheduled to price today: none. Equity conferences: Bank of America Merrill Lynch Health Care Conference on Tue-Thu, Barclays Americas Select Franchise Conference on Tue-Fri, BMO Capital Markets Farm to Market Conference on Wed-Thu, J.P. Morgan Homebuilding & Building Products Conference on Wed-Thu, MoffettNathanson Media & Communications Summit on Wed-Thu, RBC Capital Markets Canadian Automotive, Transportation & Industrials Conference on Thu, Barclays Water Symposium - Panel on Thu. OVERNIGHT U.S. STOCK MOVERS Wal-Mart (WMT +0.01%) reported Q1 EPS of $1.00, better than consensus of 96 cents, although Q1 revenue of $117.54 billion was below expectations of $117.74 billion. L Brands (LB +0.23%) climbed nearly 6% in after-hours trading after it raised guidance on full-year EPS to $3.10-$3.40 from a prior view of $3.05-$3.35. Cisco Systems (CSCO -1.40%) slumped 8% in after-hours trading after it said its sees Q4 adjusted EPS of 60 cents-62 cents, below consensus of 62 cents. Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX -3.14%) gained almost 1% in after-hours trading after it raised it 2017 sales view on its Kalydeco to $740 million-$770 million from an April 27 view of $710 million-$730 million after the FDA widened its approval to treat more CF mutations. Incyte (INCY +2.32%) rallied over 7% in after-hours trading after data showed its IDO1 inhibitor epacadostat in combinations with Merck's Keytruda and Bristol-Meyers Squibb's Opdivo showed more responses than the PDL1 inhibitors alone. Globus Medical (GMED -1.45%) dropped 7% in after-hours trading after it said it received a letter from the FDA informing the company that it had not sufficiently addressed the agency's questions regarding its ExcelsiusGPS. NewLink Genetics (NLNK -1.53%) tumbled 13% in after-hours trading after data for its IDO inhibitor navoximod in combination with Roche's Tecentriq disappointed in a study of patients with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors. China Distance Education Holdings Ltd (DL -2.04%) lost over 2% in after-hours trading after it reported Q1 gross profit fell -26.7% y/y to $10.1 million. Leap Therapeutics (LPTX -0.63%) jumped over 12% in after-hours trading after it reported interim data from a Phase 1 study showed DKN-01 in combination with gemcitabine and cisplatin for treatment of advanced bilary tract cancers was well tolerated with no new adverse effects. Endologix (ELGX -1.03%) sank over 20% in after-hours trading after it said it met with the FDA and does not see approval of its Nellix EndoVascular Aneurysm Sealing System until 2020. GlycoMimetics (GLYC unch) surged over 35% in after-hours trading after the FDA granted its GMI-1271 breakthrough therapy designation for treatment of adult relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia. ImmunoGen (IMGN -2.67%) gained over 2% in after-hours trading after it said early-stage data support a study of its soravtansine further in combination with Roche's Avastin and Merck's Keytruda in treatment of ovarian cancer. Pandora Media (P -4.49%) jumped 8% in after-hours trading after the New York Post reported that Sirius XM recently restarted talks to make a bid for Pandora. Ascena Retail Group (ASNA -1.74%) plunged over 30% in after-hours trading after it said it sees Q3 comparable sales down -8% and lowered guidance on full-year adjusted EPS to 10 cents-15 cents from a Mar 6 view of 37 cents-42 cents. MARKET COMMENTS June E-mini S&Ps (ESM17 -0.18%) this morning are down -9.75 points (-0.41%) at a 3-1/2 week low. Wednesday's closes: S&P 500 -1.82%, Dow Jones -1.78%, Nasdaq -2.51%. The S&P 500 on Wednesday tumbled to a 3-week low and closed sharply lower on market uncertainty caused by the political upheaval in Washington that boosted the VIX volatility index to a 3-week high and led to long liquidation pressures in stocks. June 10-year T-notes (ZNM17 +0.06%) this morning are up +8 ticks at a 6-month high. Wednesday's closes: TYM7 +28.00, FVM7 +15.75. Jun 10-year T-notes on Wednesday rallied to a 3-week high and settled higher on the slump in the S&P 500 to a 3-week low, which boosted the safe-haven demand for T-notes, and on reduced inflation expectations after the 10-year T-note breakeven inflation expectations rate fell to 6-1/4 month low. The dollar index (DXY00 +0.01%) this morning is down -0.067 (-0.07%). EUR/USD (^EURUSD) is down -0.22 (-0.20%) and USD/JPY (^USDJPY) is down -0.35 (-0.32%) at a 3-week low. Wednesday's closes: Dollar index -0.691 (-0.70%), EUR/USD +0.0076 (+0.69%), USD/JPY -2.29 (-2.02%). The dollar index on Wednesday slid to a 6-1/4 month low and closed lower on concern that the political turmoil in Washington will keep the Republicans from carrying out their pro-growth economic agenda and the fall in the 10-year T-note yield to a 3-week low, which reduces the dollar's interest rate differentials. June WTI crude oil prices (CLM17 -1.43%) this morning are down -88 cents (-1.79%) and June gasoline (RBM17 -1.78%) is -0.0377 (-2.35%). Wednesday's closes: Jun crude +0.41 (+0.84%), Jun gasoline -0.0016 (-0.10%). Jun crude oil and gasoline on Wednesday settled mixed. Crude oil prices were boosted by the sell-off in the dollar index to a 6-1/4 month low and by the -1.75 million bbl decline in weekly EIA crude inventories, the sixth consecutive week that inventories have fallen. Crude oil prices were also boosted by -0.1% decline in U.S. crude production in the week ended May 12, the first decline in the last thirteen weeks. Gasoline closed lower after EIA gasoline inventories fell -412,999 bbl, a smaller decline than expectations of -1.0 million bbl. GLOBAL EVENT CALENDAR05/18/2017 Thursday, May 18 US 0830 ET Weekly initial unemployment claims expected +4,000 to 240,000, previous -2,000 to 236,000. Weekly continuing claims expected +32,000 to 1.950 million, previous -61,000 to 1.918 million. 0830 ET May Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey expected -3.5 to 18.5, Apr -10.8 to 22.0. 0830 ET USDA weekly Export Sales. 1000 ET Apr leading indicators expected +0.4%, Mar +0.4%. 1000 ET Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin testifies before the Senate Banking Committee. 1100 ET Treasury announces amount of 2-year T-notes (previous $26 billion), 2-year floating-rate notes (previous $17 billion), 5-year T-notes (previous $34 billion) and 7-year T-notes (previous $28 billion) to be auctioned May 23-25. 1300 ET Treasury auctions $11 billion of 10-year TIPS. 1315 ET Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester speaks to the Economic Club of Minnesota. Friday, May 19 US n/a No economic releases or Fed speaking events scheduled. U.S. STOCK CALENDAR05/18/2017 Company Ticker Time Event Description Period Estimate Eagle Materials Inc EXP US Bef-mkt Q4 2017 Earnings Release Q4 17 0.846 Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT US 07:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.965 Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT US 07:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call - Pre-recorded Q1 18 Ralph Lauren Corp RL US 08:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Release Q4 17 0.778 Anthem Inc ANTM US 08:00 Annual General Meeting Eagle Materials Inc EXP US 08:30 Q4 2017 Earnings Call Q4 17 L Brands Inc LB US 08:30 Annual General Meeting Sirius XM Holdings Inc SIRI US 08:30 Annual General Meeting Reinsurance Group of America Inc RGA US 08:30 Investor Day Flowers Foods Inc FLO US 08:30 Q1 2017 Earnings Call Q1 17 KeyCorp KEY US 08:30 Annual General Meeting Chubb Ltd CB US 08:45 Annual General Meeting Ralph Lauren Corp RL US 09:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Call Q1 17 Herc Holdings Inc HRI US 09:00 Annual General Meeting Home Depot Inc/The HD US 09:00 Annual General Meeting AvalonBay Communities Inc AVB US 09:00 Annual General Meeting Lear Corp LEA US 09:00 Annual General Meeting NextEra Energy Inc NEE US 09:00 Annual General Meeting Altria Group Inc MO US 09:00 Annual General Meeting L Brands Inc LB US 09:15 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Travelers Cos Inc/The TRV US 09:30 Annual General Meeting Fortive Corp FTV US 10:00 Investor Day Brandywine Realty Trust BDN US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Cheniere Energy Inc LNG US 10:00 Annual General Meeting PBF Energy Inc PBF US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Sealed Air Corp SEE US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Mohawk Industries Inc MHK US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Crown Castle International Corp CCI US 10:00 Annual General Meeting JetBlue Airways Corp JBLU US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc MMC US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Apple Hospitality REIT Inc APLE US 11:00 Annual General Meeting LSC Communications Inc LKSD US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Mosaic Co/The MOS US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Hasbro Inc HAS US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Amphenol Corp APH US 11:00 Annual General Meeting OGE Energy Corp OGE US 11:00 Annual General Meeting eBay Inc EBAY US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Vornado Realty Trust VNO US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Intel Corp INTC US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Lennox International Inc LII US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Zebra Technologies Corp ZBRA US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Martin Marietta Materials Inc MLM US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Senior Housing Properties Trust SNH US Annual General Meeting Piedmont Office Realty Trust Inc PDM US Annual General Meeting Rayonier Inc RYN US Annual General Meeting Extra Space Storage Inc EXR US Annual General Meeting Brixmor Property Group Inc BRX US Annual General Meeting Sun Communities Inc SUI US Annual General Meeting Care Capital Properties Inc CCP US Annual General Meeting Liberty Property Trust LPT US Annual General Meeting Ventas Inc VTR US Annual General Meeting CBOE Holdings Inc CBOE US Annual General Meeting Paramount Group Inc PGRE US 12:00 Annual General Meeting Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc DFIN US Annual General Meeting Life Storage Inc LSI US Annual General Meeting Howard Hughes Corp/The HHC US Annual General Meeting AmTrust Financial Services Inc AFSI US Annual General Meeting RR Donnelley & Sons Co RRD US 12:00 Annual General Meeting Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc DPS US Annual General Meeting WPX Energy Inc WPX US Annual General Meeting Williams Cos Inc/The WMB US Annual General Meeting Steel Dynamics Inc STLD US Annual General Meeting Colfax Corp CFX US Annual General Meeting Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc MMC US Annual General Meeting Discovery Communications Inc DISCA US Annual General Meeting Pioneer Natural Resources Co PXD US Annual General Meeting Panera Bread Co PNRA US Annual General Meeting SBA Communications Corp SBAC US Annual General Meeting Manhattan Associates Inc MANH US Annual General Meeting Gentex Corp GNTX US Annual General Meeting Continental Resources Inc/OK CLR US Annual General Meeting Altria Group Inc MO US Annual General Meeting Synchrony Financial SYF US Annual General Meeting Principal Financial Group Inc PFG US 12:00 Roadshow Equifax Inc EFX US Investor Meeting - Scotland Westar Energy Inc WR US Annual General Meeting Flowserve Corp FLS US 12:30 Annual General Meeting McKesson Corp MCK US 16:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Release Q4 17 3.01 salesforce.com Inc CRM US Aft-mkt Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.259 Applied Materials Inc AMAT US 16:00 Q2 2017 Earnings Release Q2 17 0.765 Ross Stores Inc ROST US 16:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.799 Autodesk Inc ADSK US 16:01 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 (0.231) Gap Inc/The GPS US 16:15 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.287 Ross Stores Inc ROST US 16:15 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Applied Materials Inc AMAT US 16:30 Q2 2017 Earnings Call Q2 17 McKesson Corp MCK US 17:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Call Q4 17 salesforce.com Inc CRM US 17:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Gap Inc/The GPS US 17:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Autodesk Inc ADSK US 17:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Recent articles from this author Barchart Morning Call - Thursday, May 18, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Monday, May 15, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Friday, May 12, 2017 About the author Get Barchart U.S. Morning Call delivered to your email inbox! Sign up for free here. Barchart U.S. Morning Call is written by the experienced members of the Commodity Research Bureau and the Barchart Research Team.  Commodity Research Bureau (CRB) has been providing research to the financial and commodity community since 1934.  If you have any questions for our analysts, please contact us at support@crbtrader.com. Sent every morning, "Morning Call" summarizes overnight global market news, along with a U.S. market forecast for the day ahead. It Includes upcoming earnings reports, a global financial calendar, and quote board overview of where the markets are standing. Home  •  Charts & Quotes  •  Commentary  •  Authors  •  Education  •  Broker Search  •  Trading Tools  •  Help  •  Contact  •  Advertise With Us  •  Commodities Markets: Currencies  •   Energies  •   Financials  •   Grains  •   Indices  •   Meats  •   Metals  •   Softs The information contained on InsideFutures.com is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Market data is furnished on an exchange delayed basis by Barchart.com. Data transmission or omissions shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action. No information on the site, nor any opinion expressed, constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any futures or options contracts. InsideFutures.com is not a broker, nor does it have an affiliation with any broker. Copyright ©2005-2017 InsideFutures.com, a Barchart.com product. All rights reserved. About Us  •   Sitemap  •   Legal  •   Privacy Statement
