AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Walmart expanding Alabama footprint with small-format store, fuel center Print Email Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com By Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com AL.com Follow on Twitter on October 04, 2016 at 3:23 PM, updated October 04, 2016 at 4:23 PM comments Walmart will expand its Neighborhood Market concept this week with a new store on Jordan Lane Southwest in Huntsville. Walmart will open a Neighborhood Market store on Jordan Lane in Huntsville on Oct. 5, 2016. The big-box retailer will launch a 41,000-square-foot store at 7:30 a.m. Wednesday on 2305 Jordan Lane. The location, which employs 95 full- and part-time workers, has an on-site fuel station, deli, pharmacy with drive-thru and free store pickup service for customers who shop on Walmart.com. Manager Iris Gonzales runs the small-format store, which isn't as large as a typical Supercenter but provides produce, meat, baked goods, personal care items and other staples. Prospective employees can apply for positions at the store's hiring kiosk or on Walmartcareers.com. Louis J. Morris Elementary, Spay/Neuter Action Project (SNAP), the Huntsville Community Drumline and Huntsville Fire Department will receive a combined $6,000 in grants during the grand opening Wednesday. A larger public event will take place Oct. 8-9 with free food while supplies last. Walmart, which generated $482 billion in revenue during fiscal year 2016, currently has 11,527 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and more than 2.3 million associates. Last month, the company said it will eliminate about 7,000 back-office positions from its U.S. workforce in the coming months. The accounting and invoicing job cuts will affect all of Walmart's 4,600 stores, including locations in Alabama. The number of associates per location will vary, but no more than three positions per store will be affected. In January, Walmart shut down nine Alabama locations, affecting 500-600 jobs throughout the state. The closures were part of a larger plan to shutter 269 Walmart stores across the world, including 154 in the U.S. A spokesman said more than 400 associates were able to transfer to other stores. Dozens of associates also took severance in lieu of transferring to another store or elsewhere within the company. Keep up with other Walmart news from AL.com here. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Latest News Dow 18,910 +6.27 +0.03% Nasdaq 5,336 +1.79 +0.03% S&P 500 2,187 -0.08 +0.00% 10:01 A.M. ET U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October 9:45 A.M. ET Lego Opens Its Biggest Store in the World in London 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock halted for volatility 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:33 A.M. ET Donald Trump tabs Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype 9:21 A.M. ET Shipping stocks on track for big bounces 9:15 A.M. ET Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 9:10 A.M. ET Tesla's stock jumps as SolarCity merger approval will free stock to rally 9:09 A.M. ET Regal Entertainment shares are down 5.5% premarket 9:07 A.M. ET Updated My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — what can I do? 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale How Wal-Mart is eating Target’s lunch in the U.S. By Ciara Linnane Published: Oct 5, 2016 9:21 a.m. ET Share Walmart stores are gaining ground on rival Target thanks to groceries Everett/Warner Bros By CiaraLinnane Corporate news editor Moody’s Investors Service is offering Target Corp. some food for thought Tuesday in a report that highlights the advantage Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s U.S. business enjoys over its smaller rival in the size and scale of its grocery business. Don’t miss: Wal-Mart rivals and haters, beware Wal-Mart WMT, -0.69%   is making progress against Target TGT, -0.44%  as investments of the past several years begin to show results, according to a new report from the rating agency. Both retailers have grappled with some big challenges in recent years, said Moody’s. Target is still repairing its reputation after a massive credit-card breach in 2013 and its abrupt decision to withdraw from Canada at a cost of $5.4 billion in 2015. See: Wal-Mart’s market share gain is Target’s loss, analysts say And: Target shoppers just don’t find the fresh groceries all that appetizing Those developments combined to disrupt its business at a time when rivals were busy building up online and in other areas. Wal-Mart, for example, was investing heavily in areas that are now helping it compete better with the disruptive juggernaut that is Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.89%  . Read: CEO says Target will not be a full-service grocer Plus: Target to spend $20 million on private bathrooms after customer revolt “While we think it’s still early yet, we believe that Walmart’s big upfront spend to grow online, among other steps in recent months, is showing early signs of promise,” said a team of Moody’s analysts led by Charles O’Shea. “Target, in contrast, has fallen harder and has much more work to do before it can regain its footing.” See also: Holiday hiring shows the clear shift toward e-commerce The gap was evident in the companies’ most recent earnings report, with Bentonville, Ark.–based Wal-Mart beating estimates and raising its outlook, while Target’s numbers fell short and the Minneapolis-based chain lowered its guidance for the full year. Moody’s rates Wal-Mart at Aa2, or third-highest level of investment grade. It rates Target at A2, or four notches above speculative, or “junk,” status. Wal-Mart’s 1.125% notes due April 2018, its most actively traded bonds, were last quoted at 100.06 to yield 1.084%, according to MarketAxess data. Target’s most active bond, its 3.625% notes due April 2046, were quoted at 103.8 to yield 3.417%. Walmart’s grocery business, which accounts for more than half of U.S. revenue, is a key advantage over Target, said the report. Walmart, as a grocer, is about twice the size of its nearest rival, Kroger Co. Target’s grocery business accounts for about 40% of its revenue, but it is only about 15% the size of Walmart’s. “Target’s food business is disadvantaged because, among other factors, it lacks a Supercenter format with full-line grocery stores in tandem with a full-line general merchandise store,” said O’Shea. The company’s SuperTarget store format came close but did not offer the same -range of goods as is available at Walmart, while its Pfresh initiative remained too heavily skewed toward packaged products like cereal, while its perishables never really got anywhere with consumers, he said. “Target also does not have a stand-alone grocery store chain like Walmart’s Neighborhood Market, which is an obvious limitation,” said O’Shea, who does not expect a shift to grocery delivery soon. Walmart’s neighborhood stores are viewed as a good opportunity for the company to attract certain shoppers between their Supercenter visits. “We believe that Target will need to ramp up its food game to attract more frequent customer visits, which would translate into better operating performance,” said the analyst. See: The one-percenters are now destroying dollar stores On a brighter note, Target’s new line of home and kids’ apparel is expected to resonate with shoppers, which should help boost sales and profitability. But food will remain a strong factor in the driving of traffic, said O’Shea. That means it also has to contend with Costco COST, -0.77%  , which is the third largest U.S. grocer, after Walmart and Kroger. “Bottom line, without compelling food offerings, there are limits to Target’s competitive upside and its ability to claw back, soon, the ground it has lost the past year,” said the report. More from MarketWatch Kellyanne Conway Discusses How to ‘Drain the Swamp’ 5 things NOT to buy at Lowe’s and Home Depot Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $68.71 -0.48 (-0.69%) Volume 1.5M Open $68.93 High $69.40 Low $68.52 P/E Ratio 14.92 Div Yield 2.91 Market Cap 220.8B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $75.80 -0.33 (-0.44%) Volume 433.7K Open $75.90 High $76.11 Low $75.72 P/E Ratio 13.57 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap 43.8B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $763.11 +6.71 (+0.89%) Volume 1.0M Open $761.00 High $767.74 Low $760.26 P/E Ratio 175.73 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 359.4B Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $150.04 -1.16 (-0.77%) Volume 344.3K Open $150.84 High $151.08 Low $149.52 P/E Ratio 28.02 Div Yield 1.2 Market Cap 66.1B LatestNews
Latest News  Uber Regulations Change, But At What Cost? New, Fresh Stuff: An Interview With Diet Cig Anybody’s Game: The Best of The Week A New Phase: The Return of Civic TV Hot Tubbing With Betty White: Dana Gould Returns To Houston Zine Fest Houston 2016 Brings the Heat Log inorRegister FOLLOW FPH Home NEWS MUSIC ART FILM VIDEO MORE Art Editorial Entertainment Film Featured Events Food and Drink FPSF Local and State Music News SPORTS DESK POLITICS Advertise with FPH Day for Night Fest  Added on October 4, 2016 Brit Goldmann Austin , Cocks Not Glocks , Donald Trump , protest 1 Comment Inactive Action: Political Protests in Austin Decrease Font SizeIncrease Font SizeText SizePrint This PageSend by Email What can be said about a Trump protest that hasn’t already been covered? There was nothing really provocative about Austin’s attempt to show these Kim Davis look-alikes that they weren’t welcome. It had everything you’d expect at an Austin Trump counter protest; a low turn-out, a (possibly) unlicensed Trump merch stand, people of Wal-Mart thanking cops for their service, police chief Art Acevedo shaking their hands in return, about 4 ski masked anarchists, and 15 clowns. Okay, that last thing was unexpected, but not really. Their message, as I understand it, was to demonstrate that Trump is a joke and that his presence and his xenophobic discussion with Sean Hannity regarding immigration were unwelcome here.   They are correct in their assertion that he was a joke. I don’t see anyone laughing anymore. Bill Maher is one of many talking heads telling us that Trump is one terrorist attack away from the presidency. He is enabling racists and bigots into violence with impunity and the best response Austin can muster up is an underwhelming and embarrassing clown show. Furthermore, Infowars sent Owen Shroyer to interview them about specifically why they were against Trump and I’m sorry to say that their answers were vague and uninformed. I suppose that credit should be given where it’s due though. Showing up is better than not showing up, and granted, this wasn’t an official Trump rally. It was a live taping of an interview with Hannity followed by a benefit dinner with the usual suspects like Rick Perry and Dan Patrick. His appearance wasn’t really meant to draw out the hordes of local supporters, it was intended for network TV viewers in swing states and for Texan donors — the best direct contributors to his campaign. There’s no way he would waste time in Austin, let alone Texas, for a major speaking event this late in the game anyway. We’re not close enough to purple yet.   Nonetheless, the people of Wal-Mart were thirsty enough to drive in from surrounding Wal-Mart towns to visit the big city. Meanwhile, no one from any of the Pride events happening down the street could be bothered to walk a few blocks to protest against the same guy who said he would “strongly consider” appointing judges to overturn the same-sex marriage decision.   I suspect that Trump’s audience members felt pretty relaxed going in and out of the same theater where ACL Live is taped, regardless of a thin blue line between them and the protestors. They were heckling the clown protesters as they passed them by, but there wasn’t a lot of edge in the air. I really had to ponder if they actually felt so threatened that they were compelled into thanking police officers for their protection and service. No one should ever feel unsafe, but how can you expect these people to take their opposition seriously if it’s represented by a handful of clowns? What message can possibly be conveyed from someone in clown makeup yelling “go home racists?” That’s exactly what they’re about to do anyway. They’re on their way to the paid parking garage after they pick up their bootleg Melania T-shirt. I don’t think they’re going to Uchi for dinner after this. Their worldview isn’t going to be changed by a clown.   But that’s just the problem with this town. Austin caters to anybody that has money underneath a veneer of white liberal nonsense. It’s conceivable that someone in a “Make Amerikkka Great Again” hat could walk into Uchi or Franklin’s and everyone else might raise an eyebrow, but they wouldn’t be able to decide if it was ironic or not. We’re still not sure if Trump’s candidacy is ironic either, but sure he can have his show here because it’s just for the money, right?   That same week students had to face the prospect of going back to school with their alt-right bro peers who may or may not be armed with a deadly weapon since Greg Abbott said they can conceal carry now. UT’s answer to this was Cocks Not Glocks. For those unfamiliar with the movement, CNG was a demonstration protesting Senate Bill 11, otherwise known as “campus carry,” whereby students brandished a dildo rather than a live firearm. The secondary intention was to raise awareness and to “fight absurdity with absurdity” in reference to UT’s prohibited expression rule regarding obscenity as defined by the Texas Penal Code. Just like Chase Trump Out of Austin, it grabbed a few headlines in local and national media. Nothing of any major consequence happened, except for the sad fact that self described “freedom fighter” Brett Sanders produced and directed a short film depicting one of the CNG organizers, Ana Lopez, graphically shot in the head by a big scary black man in her home because she defended herself with a dildo.   The video is nauseating and misses the point of the protest. Do I even need to mention that no one is advocating that you should arm yourself with a dildo? There is one scene that was very striking and its significance flies under the radar. As Lopez’s character is watching actual TV coverage of the CNG protest, reporters are interviewing the organizers and one of them remarks that they are fighting absurdity with absurdity. One of the only pronounced responses Cocks Not Glocks received was the most asinine and unrealistic video I’ve ever seen. Absurdity begets absurdity and in the end there will still be a gun in the classroom and Trump’s influence is still gaining momentum.   These kinds of protests where there’s a gimmick involved are shallow and ineffective at best. Why couldn’t Cocks Not Glocks get anyone to at least sign a petition as they were handing out toys? Maybe they did and there just wasn’t any news coverage about it, but there was nothing of the sort on their Facebook page and nothing past a donate button and a few informative videos on their website. They did not return a request for comment so I can’t be sure of the full extent of their activism, but it doesn’t make someone like me who actually cares about the issue pleased to see the only available representation selling CNG branded merchandise but nothing to offer as far as future events, meetings or any other methods of direct activism.   In fact, I’m not sure what kind of activism this is. It can be described as an attention-grabbing stunt, but I would hesitate to call it guerilla-style political activism because it lacks the tone and strategy necessary to engage the other side into discussion. It only serves to confirm the view that you already believe in. Not that humor can’t be used as a tool, but honestly it’s not like these people haven’t seen a dildo before. Shock value doesn’t haven’t to be defined by sex and violence.   I want these movements to be successful, even if they don’t permanently change anything concrete because it is at least possible to change hearts and minds. There have to be standards though. I expect more outrage, organization and direct action because the bar historically is set so high. It’s hard to say if any kind activism is effective because so much of it is either corrupted or expires prematurely. We have to stop allowing ourselves to be fooled by symbolic gestures and know the difference between activism as an industry and a playground and activism as a means to direct advancement and development. Share this: Twitter Facebook Email Related by Brit Goldmann dawrongguey Hey, good piece 🙂 I can tell there’s a lot of frustration among leftists who feel that NOW is the time to really start mobilizing and taking the rising tide of fascism seriously. Fortunately, there are folks committed to this work all over and several networks are forming. Check out: https://itsgoingdown.org/ for information on actions and movement building among folks of various political ideologies on the left. Recent Posts Cronenberg: Master of Mad Doctors Last Day of Houston Cinema Arts Festival Uber Regulations Change, But At What Cost? About Free Press Houston Advertise with FPH Contact FPH FPTV FPSF Top ↑ INFO About FPH Advertise with FPH Contact SUBMIT TO US Stories JOIN FPH NEWS ↑TOP Site contents copyright © 2014 Free Press Houston. All rights reserved, yo.   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Share 229 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Entertainment 2016-11-17 ‘Lemony Snicket’s A Series Of Unfortunate Events’ Trailer Released Today: Netflix Is At It Again Entertainment 2016-11-17 Jessa Duggar Comments On Joy-Anna Duggar Courting News On Instagram And Seewald Family Blog: ‘Counting On’ Star Still Hides Baby Bump Entertainment 2016-11-16 MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-18 Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] News 2016-11-18 Obama Criticizes Fake News On Facebook, ‘Misinformation Threatens Democracy’ News 2016-11-17 Man Dissolves While Attempting To ‘Hot Pot’ In Yellowstone Hot Spring, Sister Captures Death On Phone News 2016-11-17 ‘Catfish’ Victim Mitchell Bowie, 18, Commits Suicide After Online ‘Girlfriend’ Threatens His Life Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 7 — Dhaka Vs. Chittagong, Rangpur Vs. Barisal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Gaming 2016-11-18 Best Buy’s Black Friday Pokemon Deals: Seize The Opportunity To Gear Yourself Up For A Rock-Bottom Price Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Release: Anticipation ‘Enormous’ For Fall 2017 Sequel Gaming 2016-11-18 Free ‘Lost Odyssey’ Promotion Leaked For Xbox One Owners, Just A Test Or Coming Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-18 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Social Media’s #UNameItChallenge Goes Viral Before Thanksgiving, Gospel Star Shirley Caesar Responds BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Teacher Ruins Autistic Boy’s Role In School Play, Leaves Him Sobbing On Stage In Front Of Audience BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Flagstaff Police Officer Caught On Tape Punching Woman In The Face, Department Is Investigating [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘Tranny Granny’ Walmart Halloween Costumes Incite LGBTI Community BuzzWorthy 229 0 0 October 4, 2016 ‘Tranny Granny’ Walmart Halloween Costumes Incite LGBTI Community Zachary Volkert A Walmart Halloween costume offered on the company’s website under the name “tranny granny” is turning heads in the LGBT community. Enough so, in fact, that it appears to have been taken down as of Tuesday. UPDATE: Walmart has apologized for the Halloween costume in a statement to LGBTQNation. “This was a third party Marketplace item. While it’s listed on other sites, it clearly violates our policy and was quickly removed once we were notified. We’re appalled this seller put it on our site to begin with.” Hey @Walmart, did you know the “t” word in this costume’s name is the transgender community’s “n” word? Take it down!https://t.co/SaJ2ayScCu — Jeremy Rodriguez (@RodriguezJeremy) October 4, 2016 This #Halloween you can dress as anything. Please don’t make it racist. Don’t make it transphobic. #LGBT https://t.co/zwph4H3EgV — Emily Zak (@EmilyEZak) October 4, 2016 While Walmart itself did not create or directly stock the costume according to Pink News, its appearance on the company’s website, along with the divisive name will indicate a sort of tacit approval of the word “tranny” to many. It’s an assumed stance unlikely to win them any support from the transgender community, where the slur has been rallied against for demeaning trans men and women — especially in recent years as trans people have gained more visibility. <noscript><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/o5KQfAqwN4Q" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> Not that you can really cast all the blame on Walmart or any other involved party for originating the term “tranny granny” with this Halloween costume. A Twitter search reveals that it’s actually been used dozens of times just within the last month. It even has several proposed definitions on Urban Dictionary, the highest voted of which is “Old Men (preferably over 50) engaged in sexual activity dressed up as Old Lady’s [sic].” When you show your son a photo of a woman in a wig and his response is “#TrannyGranny” LMFAOOOOO!!!!! For the win! — Angel Porrino (@angelporrino) October 3, 2016 Though Walmart is no doubt about to face an uphill PR battle over the costume, they may have taken note of what happened last Halloween when another company, Spirit, was at the center of the season’s great transphobic debacle — a Caitlyn Jenner costume. To calm that media firestorm, Spirit Halloween told The New York Daily News that the “Call Me Cait” costume was meant to honor the newly public trans woman, but it seems impossible for Walmart or anyone else involved to come up with a noble justification for “tranny granny.” “Of course! Caitlyn Jenner has proven to be the most important real-life superhero of the year, and Spirit Halloween is proud to carry the costume that celebrates her.” <noscript><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mdO1RjNT7wA" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> Walmart stocking the controversial Halloween costume is hardly the frontier for debate about the use of the term “tranny.” Even within the LGBT community, non-gender conforming individuals from drag queens to transsexuals have claimed ownership of the term. Popular reality show RuPaul’s Drag Race briefly became the center of this debacle when the Emmy-winning host refused to apologize for her use of words like “tranny” and “shemale” on the show, despite calls from transgender individuals for her to stop. A Slate column at the time briefly explained the controversy behind the term. “Tranny and words like it have long been used within the queer world, among many transgender people and especially in the drag subculture, as signs of appreciation or friendship, much in the same way that some African Americans employ the word ni**er. While tranny can also certainly be used as a slur (outsiders should not use it for this reason), it is the kind of term that has been claimed by many as a celebration of their own queerness, an indication of their intention to futz with our society’s deeply ingrained gender binary. Other trans people, though, have always found the term derogatory, rejecting it out of hand.” <noscript><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tRnnbn6NP7E?list=PLx45CBh2HJtLnWVHgF9hRMTJ_PonKzpIB" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> Could Walmart have avoided the Halloween costume blowout with a name other than “tranny granny”? [Featured Image by Walmart] Now Watch This: College Student’s Car Filled With 6500 Kit Kats Now Read This: Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million Share 229 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Zachary Volkert Tags: halloween costumes, lgbt issues, transphobia, walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES The ‘Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Cast Is Teaming Up Against Eden Sassoon For The ‘Nastiest’ Season Yet? George Soros Dead? Death Hoax Claims Billionaire Backer Of Democrats Dies Of Heart Attack [Debunked] Angelina Jolie’s Secret Life Exposed! Brad Pitt’s ‘Dynamite Recordings’ Reveal Kinky Sex And Drug Use [POLL] Prince William Is A Multi-Talented Sportsperson, And Now Princess Charlotte Is Showing Signs Of Athletic Ability Blac Chyna Shares Dramatic Weight Loss Just 7 Days After Welcoming Baby Dream: Her Diet Secrets Alec Baldwin and Anthony Anderson Are Back To Host ‘Match Game’ And ‘To Tell The Truth’ This January Borussia Dortmund Vs. Bayern Munich: Preview, Prediction, Possible Lineups, Betting Tips, And Live Stream Brad Pitt Ready To Move On From Angelina Jolie With Margot Robbie? ‘Outlander’ Star Sam Heughan Opens Up About His Love Life And Mackenzie Mauzy ‘How To Get Away With Murder’ Spoilers: Why Did Wes Die, And Where Do They Go From Here? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 12.1k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 9.6k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 8.9k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 59.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 33.1k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 700 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Quentin Tarantino’s Latest Project Involves The New Hollywood Era, But He’s Not Revealing Much Yet 0 0 0 Borussia Dortmund Vs. Bayern Munich: Preview, Prediction, Possible Lineups, Betting Tips, And Live Stream 0 0 0 Brad Pitt Ready To Move On From Angelina Jolie With Margot Robbie? 2 0 0 ‘Outlander’ Star Sam Heughan Opens Up About His Love Life And Mackenzie Mauzy 0 0 0 ‘How To Get Away With Murder’ Spoilers: Why Did Wes Die, And Where Do They Go From Here? 0 0 0 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7 Theories: Are Sansa and Tyrion Destined To End Up Together? [Spoilers] 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' Parents slam Texas high school after two 10th graders were allowed to perform skit portraying the assassination of Donald Trump in front of classmates  'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Previous Next Forbes 400 ranking of the richest Americans has Bill Gates on top again, 14 people under the age of 40 and Donald Trump falling to 156 on the list after losing $800million last year Bill Gates has topped the Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans for the 23rd consecutive year with a net worth of $81billion Donald Trump meanwhile dropped 35 spots to 156 after losing $800million over the past year  His net worth of $3.7billion puts him behind 14 immigrants on the list Immigrants make up over 10 per cent of the list, with Russian-born Segey Brin of Google having the greatest wealth with $37.5billion  Marck Zuckerberg is at number four with a net worth of $55.5billion, and one of 14 people under 40 on the list  The youngest person to make the list is Evan Spiegel of Snapchat, who is 26 and has a net worth of $2.2billion  By Chris Spargo For Dailymail.com Published: 11:12 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 13:57 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail 152 shares 194 View comments The annual Forbes 400 ranking of the richest Americas is out, and for the 23rd consecutive year it is very, very good to be Bill Gates. The Microsoft founder's already massive wealth increased by $5billion over the past year, giving him a net worth of $81billion and putting him well ahead of runner-up Jeff Bezos. The Amazon founder worked his way into the second spot for the first time this year with $67billion, enough to narrowly edge out Warren Buffet of Berkshire Hathaway, who was down one spot with $65.5billion. Also notable are the 14 people under the age of 40 who made their way onto this year's list, with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg leading the pack at number four with a net worth of $55.5 billion after making over $15billion in the last year. It was not however a great year for Donald Trump, who dropped to 156 on the list after losing $800million. Trump fell 35 spots from last year, and is now behind 14 immigrants on the list with his net worth of $3.7billion.  Scroll down for video  Money, money, money: Bill Gates (above in June) has topped the Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans for the 23rd consecutive year with a net worth of $81billion Billionaire boys club: Jeff Bezos (left) was number two on the list this year with $67billion while Mark Zuckerberg (right) came in at number four with $55.5billion Downgrade: Donald Trump meanwhile dropped 35 spots to 156 after losing $800million over the past year, giving him a net worth of $3.7billion The 14 Americans under the age of 40 is largely split between heirs to fortunes that now work for their family company and individuals in the technology field. In addition to Zuckerberg there is fellow Facebooker Dustin Moskowitz ($10.4billion); Airbnb founders Nathan Blecharczyk, Brian Chesky and Joe Gebbia (all with $3.3billion); wireless-product maker and Memphis Grizzlies owner Robert Pera ($3.2billion); Facebook alum Sean Parker ($2.4billion); Evan Spiegel of Snapchat ($2.1billion); and Bobby Murphy of Snapchat ($1.8billion) AMERICA'S 20 RICHEST PEOPLE 1. Bill Gates, Microsoft ($81billion) 2. Jeff Bezos, Amazon ($67billion) 3. Warren Buffet, Berkshire Hathaway (65.5billion)  4. Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook ($55.5billion) 5. Larry Ellison, Oracle ($49.3billion) 6. Michael Bloomberg, Bloomberg ($45.5billion) 7. Charles Koch, Koch Industries ($42billion) 7. David Koch, Koch Industries ($42billion) 9. Larry Page, Google ($38.5billion) 10. Sergey Brin, Google ($37.5billion) 11. Jim Walton, Walmart ($35.6billion) 12. S. Robson Walton, Walmart ($35.5billion) 13. Alice Walton, Walmart ($35.4billion) 14. Sheldon Adelson, Las Vegas Sands ($32billion) 15. Steve Ballmer, Microsoft ($27.5billion) 16. Jacqueline Mars, Mars Inc. ($27billion)  16. John Mars, Mars Inc. ($27billion) 18. Phil Knight, Nike ($25.5billion) 19. George Soros, Soros Fund Management ($24.9billion) 20. Michael Dell, Dell ($20billion)  Spiegel, who is just 26, is the youngest person to make this year's list. he is also engaged to supermodel Miranda Kerr. The heirs to a family fortune include Lukas Walton of Walmart ($11.2billion); Scott Duncan of the pipeline firm Enterprise Products Partners ($5.2billion); brothers Alejandro and Andres Santo Domingo who inherited their Colombian father's beer company SABMiller ($4.8billion); and their nephew Julio Mario Santo Domingo III ($2.4billion). Meanwhile, more than 10 per cent of the list is made up of immigrants, with the Russian-born Segey Brin of Google the wealthiest of them all with $37.5billion. The rest of the top five include hedge funder George Soros who was born in Hungary ($24.9billion); Len Blavatnik who immigrated to the United States from the Ukraine for college ($11.2billion); Thomas Petterfy, who after fleeing Hungary arrived in the United States with nothing more than a suitcase and went on to pioneer electronic trading ($12.6billion); and Mr. Space X himself Elon Musk, who was born in South Africa ($11.6billion). The Australian-born Murdoch clan finished just outside of the top five with $11.1billion, with most of that fortune coming from their stake in 21st Century Fox and News Corporation.  The Murdochs are also not self-made billionaires like the men above them on the list, with Rupert having inherited his first newspaper from his father as a young man.  To make this year's list an individual had to have a net worth of at least $1.7billion, meaning that 153 American billionaires did not even make the list. Among those who dropped off from last year were Jack Dorsey of Twitter and the embattled Elizabeth Holmes, whose once promising blood testing company Theranos. Holmes' net worth was put at $4.5billion in the 2015 list, but earlier this year Forbes very publicly announced that they now believe her to be worth nothing after a close examination of her company found numerous problems with the abilities of her blood-testing system. Ladies represent: Among the women on the list are Laurene Powell Jobs with $17.7billion (left) and Oprah Winfrey (right) with $2.8billion Snapchat: Evan Spiegel is the youngest person to make the list at the age of 26 with a net worth of $2.1billion. He is engaged to supermodel Miranda Kerr (couple above in February) Farewell old friends: Embattled Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes (left) and Twitter's Jack Dorsey (right) dropped off the list this year It was also a good year for women on the list, with 57 being included this year, up for 51 one year ago. Among the notable names are Steve Jobs' widow Laurene ($17.7billion) and television titan Oprah Winfrey ($2.8billion) RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Trump blasts 'alleged' zero-tax IRS return in New York Times... 'No way my father would support this garbage': Ronald... Share this article Share Other self-made woman ranking high on the list are Diane Hendricks ($3.8billion), who co-founded the roofing company ABC Supply in 1982; Doris Fisher ($2.6billion) who co-founded retail giant the Gap back in 1969; Johnelle Hunt ($2.3billion) who in 1961 co- founded the trucking company J.B. Hunt Transport Services; eBay's Meg Whitman ($2.3billion); and Judy Faulkner ($2.2billion), the founder of Epic Systems, which stores medical records. FORBES' 14 UNDER 40 1. Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook ($55.5billion) 2. Lukas Walton, Walmart ($11.2billion) 3. Dustin Moskovitz, Facebook ($10.4billion) 4. Scott Duncan, Enterpirse Products Partners ($5.2billion) 5. Alejandro Santo Domingo, SABMiller ($4.8billion)  5. Andres Santo Domingo, SABMiller ($4.8billion) 7. Nathan Blecharczyk, Airbnb ($3.3billion) 7. Brian Chesky, Airbnb ($3.3billion)  7. Joe Gebbia, Airbnb ($3.3billion) 10. Robert Pera, Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. ($3.2billion) 11. Sean Parker, Facebook ($2.4million) 11. Julio Mario Santo Domingo III, SABMiller ($2.4billion) 13. Evan Spiegel, Snapchat ($2.1billion) 14. Bobby Murphy, Snapchat ($1.8billion)  Other notable names on this year's list include IAC Chairman Barry Diller ($2.7billion); director Steven Spielberg ($3.7billion); former presidential hopeful Ross Perot ($4billion); New Engalnd Patriots owner Robert Kraft ($5.1billion); Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones ($5.2billion);and designer Ralph Lauren ($5.9billion). There are also a few individuals on the list who seemed in danger of losing some of their personal fortunes in recent years due to personal matters including Donald Sterling ($3.4billion); Sumner Redstone ($4.7billion); and Harold Hamm ($13.1billion). Hamm, the CEO of Continental Resources, cut a check for $975million in January of last year to settle his divorce with wife Sue Ann Arnell.  There are also 70 bachelors or bachelorettes on this year's list, but only 14 who have never been married in their life.  Those 14 individuals are also all men, and include notable names such as PayPal's Peter Thiel, who is openly gay ($2.7billion); both Brian Chesky and Joe Gebbia  of Airbnb ($3.3billion); Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. founder Robert Pera ($3.2billion); and Bobby Murphy of Snapchat ($1.8billion). Heirs Scott Duncan ($5.2billion) and Julio Mario Santo Domingo III ($2.4billion) have also never been married and are single.  Russ Weiner, the creator of Rockstar energy drinks is also single, and worth $4billion according to the Forbes list.  The wealthiest bachelor of them all however is another openly gay man, David Geffen. The Dreamworks co-founder said to be worth $6.7billion.  Read more: Forbes 400 2016: Youngest From $4.5 Billion To Nothing: Forbes Revises Estimated Net Worth Of Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes Share or comment on this article e-mail 152 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Parents slam Texas high school after two 10th graders were allowed to perform skit portraying the... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment REVEALED: North Carolina parents who featured on Extreme Makeover: Home Edition 'gave AWAY their five adopted children after getting home of their dreams'  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns amid Trump transition - ending his 50 year career MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 18,908 +3.87 +0.02% Nasdaq 5,335 +1.35 +0.03% S&P 500 2,187 -0.36 -0.02% 10:01 A.M. ET U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October 9:45 A.M. ET Lego Opens Its Biggest Store in the World in London 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock halted for volatility 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:33 A.M. ET Donald Trump tabs Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype 9:21 A.M. ET Shipping stocks on track for big bounces 9:15 A.M. ET Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 9:10 A.M. ET Tesla's stock jumps as SolarCity merger approval will free stock to rally 9:09 A.M. ET Regal Entertainment shares are down 5.5% premarket 9:07 A.M. ET Updated My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — what can I do? 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale How Wal-Mart is eating Target’s lunch in the U.S. By Ciara Linnane Published: Oct 5, 2016 9:21 a.m. ET Share Walmart stores are gaining ground on rival Target thanks to groceries Everett/Warner Bros By CiaraLinnane Corporate news editor Moody’s Investors Service is offering Target Corp. some food for thought Tuesday in a report that highlights the advantage Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s U.S. business enjoys over its smaller rival in the size and scale of its grocery business. Don’t miss: Wal-Mart rivals and haters, beware Wal-Mart WMT, -0.68%   is making progress against Target TGT, -0.44%  as investments of the past several years begin to show results, according to a new report from the rating agency. Both retailers have grappled with some big challenges in recent years, said Moody’s. Target is still repairing its reputation after a massive credit-card breach in 2013 and its abrupt decision to withdraw from Canada at a cost of $5.4 billion in 2015. See: Wal-Mart’s market share gain is Target’s loss, analysts say And: Target shoppers just don’t find the fresh groceries all that appetizing Those developments combined to disrupt its business at a time when rivals were busy building up online and in other areas. Wal-Mart, for example, was investing heavily in areas that are now helping it compete better with the disruptive juggernaut that is Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.87%  . Read: CEO says Target will not be a full-service grocer Plus: Target to spend $20 million on private bathrooms after customer revolt “While we think it’s still early yet, we believe that Walmart’s big upfront spend to grow online, among other steps in recent months, is showing early signs of promise,” said a team of Moody’s analysts led by Charles O’Shea. “Target, in contrast, has fallen harder and has much more work to do before it can regain its footing.” See also: Holiday hiring shows the clear shift toward e-commerce The gap was evident in the companies’ most recent earnings report, with Bentonville, Ark.–based Wal-Mart beating estimates and raising its outlook, while Target’s numbers fell short and the Minneapolis-based chain lowered its guidance for the full year. Moody’s rates Wal-Mart at Aa2, or third-highest level of investment grade. It rates Target at A2, or four notches above speculative, or “junk,” status. Wal-Mart’s 1.125% notes due April 2018, its most actively traded bonds, were last quoted at 100.06 to yield 1.084%, according to MarketAxess data. Target’s most active bond, its 3.625% notes due April 2046, were quoted at 103.8 to yield 3.417%. Walmart’s grocery business, which accounts for more than half of U.S. revenue, is a key advantage over Target, said the report. Walmart, as a grocer, is about twice the size of its nearest rival, Kroger Co. Target’s grocery business accounts for about 40% of its revenue, but it is only about 15% the size of Walmart’s. “Target’s food business is disadvantaged because, among other factors, it lacks a Supercenter format with full-line grocery stores in tandem with a full-line general merchandise store,” said O’Shea. The company’s SuperTarget store format came close but did not offer the same -range of goods as is available at Walmart, while its Pfresh initiative remained too heavily skewed toward packaged products like cereal, while its perishables never really got anywhere with consumers, he said. “Target also does not have a stand-alone grocery store chain like Walmart’s Neighborhood Market, which is an obvious limitation,” said O’Shea, who does not expect a shift to grocery delivery soon. Walmart’s neighborhood stores are viewed as a good opportunity for the company to attract certain shoppers between their Supercenter visits. “We believe that Target will need to ramp up its food game to attract more frequent customer visits, which would translate into better operating performance,” said the analyst. See: The one-percenters are now destroying dollar stores On a brighter note, Target’s new line of home and kids’ apparel is expected to resonate with shoppers, which should help boost sales and profitability. But food will remain a strong factor in the driving of traffic, said O’Shea. That means it also has to contend with Costco COST, -0.77%  , which is the third largest U.S. grocer, after Walmart and Kroger. “Bottom line, without compelling food offerings, there are limits to Target’s competitive upside and its ability to claw back, soon, the ground it has lost the past year,” said the report. More from MarketWatch Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Kellyanne Conway: Stop treating millennials like ‘precious snowflakes’ If your password is one of these phrases, change it now Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $68.72 -0.47 (-0.68%) Volume 1.5M Open $68.93 High $69.40 Low $68.52 P/E Ratio 14.93 Div Yield 2.91 Market Cap 220.8B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $75.80 -0.33 (-0.44%) Volume 434.0K Open $75.90 High $76.11 Low $75.72 P/E Ratio 13.57 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap 43.8B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $763.01 +6.61 (+0.87%) Volume 1.0M Open $761.00 High $767.74 Low $760.26 P/E Ratio 175.76 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 359.4B Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $150.04 -1.16 (-0.77%) Volume 345.2K Open $150.84 High $151.08 Low $149.52 P/E Ratio 28.02 Div Yield 1.2 Market Cap 66.1B LatestNews
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Moody’s: Food offerings giving Walmart edge over Target Wal-Mart Stores and Target Corp. stand at very different junctures, according to new report from Moody's Investors Service.    Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 First Look: Nike SoHo is something to see — and experience Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Ballard Designs expanding with new store prototype Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
null
Custom Search Home Recent News Categories Archives Help Section Submit Free Register Partners Contact Login Fri, 18 Nov 2016 09:02:11 -0600 Home Recent News PR Categories PR Writing Tips PR Dont's Sample Releases Submit Press Release Archives Contact us Hire a PR Writer Register FREE Login Advertise Arts Business Computers Education Entertainment Events Finance Internet Medicine Real Estate Society Sports Technology Travel Submit a Press Release FREE ! Register FREE ! Celebrity Nail Artist goes Nationwide 2016-10-03 Print Tweet   Nail Artistry Goes Global....Celebrity Nail Artist Temeka Jackson Launches Her Designs With KISS Nail Products in Walmart Stores Nationwide FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Los Angeles, CA - September 13, 2016: From stripes to chrome, green to gold, baubles to bling  the artistry of nails has created a foothold on beauty worldwide. But not everyone has access to the hottest nail artists around for a night on the town or a cruise across the waters. So they venture to their local store to get the standard selection of press-on nails in red, peach or pink. Not anymore. Now Celebrity Nail Artist and Influencer Temeka Jackson has created innovative designs that are featured by KISS nails in Walmart stores nationwide. In celebration of this amazing accomplishment, Temeka Jackson is throwing a Glamour Bash on Thursday night, October 13, 2016 in the heart of Los Angeles. This star-studded affair will be full of food, drinks, and fun and enveloped in class and sophistication. From the Red Carpet entrance to the nail artist application of her collection, this will be the celebration of celebrations. Guests include an A-Z list of Temekas high-profile clientele including Actress and Fashion Aficionado Vanessa Simmons and the night will feature a performance by So So Def Recording Artist Dondria Nicole. Sumptuous swag bags, Champagne wishes and Delicious delights will fill the halls and rooms as Temeka shares with her clients and the world her featured designs. It is a night no one should miss. What: Custom T Nails by Temeka Jackson KISS Nail Design Celebration When: October 13, 2016 6:00pm  10:00pm Where: 3930 Kenway Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90008 Why: Its All About Nails, Hon! About Custom T Nails by Temeka Jackson When youre passionate about the work you do, your abilities and talent are clear. The people who receive the end result of the work you do are impressed. Working with nails is Temeka Jacksons thing. Whether polishing, taking care of them or coming up with innovative ways to give people a unique look, Jackson has made a business out of making peoples nails look good. At the young age of 19 while living in the New Haven, CT area she found her interest in the health and beauty field expanding. She was introduced to the art of nail artistry by a local woman, who helped cultivate her passion and desire to breakthrough the nail industry. Three years later, and 24 hours after applying to TJ Nails in New Haven, CT, Jackson earned her first spot working to hone her skills with the passion she loved. Her hobby was now becoming her profession. It was here at TJ Nails, where the young artist excited about being the first Black nail tech began to encounter discrimination from customers who thought that her being in the establishment was out of the ordinary. This put a whole new perspective and drive into Jackson. Young, motivated, and with the attitude that nothing would discourage her, Jackson continued her journey. It was that attitude which has since allowed her to earn national recognition for her trend-setting nails that have depicted historical, political, and sports related messages. In 2009 while the whole country was adjusting to the first Black president, Jackson was working on a way to translate that historical message through nail art. Her ability to do so earned her a spot in Nationally Nails Magazine. While earning magazine recognition was a great way to be acknowledged, Jacksons Obama nails gained so much attention that she was recognized on News Eight and CNN. The hard work and her unique design, helped her work in the world of fashion and beauty to do something that even the Mayor of the city acknowledged with a letter. Being versatile and creative worked in the favor of the New Haven native again for the second time by receiving a letter, from the Los Angeles Lakers, a sports team known for creating a winning legacy. Putting her mind to it and taking real care in nails has earned Jackson recognition and acknowledgment on a local and national level. It is clear that hard work and dedication has led her to be one of the hottest and most sought out nail techs in her area. Her most recent accomplishment of being honored at Fantasia in North Haven, it was bittersweet for Jackson who became the first African American to earn an award in the Nail Tech business. For Jackson the award was a long step up from having clients second guess her talent and ability because of her skin color. Her attention grabbing method which is inspired by Canvas art that comes from her imagination and the inspiration she draws from remembering her Uncle Katro Stroms work as an artist has helped her create art that conveys messages through design. With the support of family, friends and a strong customer base, Jackson has elevated what it means to be a nail technician. Taking the nail business by storm is more than just painting nails for Jackson who aspires to be a traveling technician that spreads the message about working to succeed and overcoming discrimination. Jackson has since moved to LA where her ambitions and dreams are coming to fruition. She has not only become one of the most sought after nail artist by celebrities, but she has expanded her "CustomT" brand into nail products. She recently worked with the nail product company KISS and will see her custom designed press on nails released this fall. For Jackson her hard work, dedication, and national acclaim have made her than a nail technician. She's a motivator for all up and coming nail technicians. Setting the example that your imagination and creative thinking will take you to your dreams and beyond. For media/press and immediate interviews with Temeka Jackson, please contact: Tara Ward at brandeffectyahoo.com or 424.345.7695.   Contact Info Tara Ward 5405 W Pico Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90019 Phone: 4243457695 Website: http://vagaro.com/customnailsbytemeka       (C) 2014 - PR Urgent News. All Rights Reserved Terms of use | Contact | Advertise Disclaimer: We accept no responsibility for accuracy and completeness for any information of press releases published on this site as they are submitted directly by different companies/individuals/third parties. We recommend to directly contact the poster through the contact information published on the news release.
null
Walmart is selling a ‘Tranny Granny’ Halloween costume · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans Current Affairs Walmart is selling a ‘Tranny Granny’ Halloween costume Nick Duffy, PinkNews 4th October 2016, 11:30 AM Walmart is selling a 'Tranny Granny' costume Walmart is selling a transphobic Halloween costume via its online store. Ahead of Halloween the US supermarket giant is stocking a so-called ‘Tranny Granny’ costume via its online marketplace. The costume features breast and butt pads, a dress, and a babushka-style headscarf. It appears to have made its way onto Walmart’s website via a third-party ‘Marketplace Retailer’ and it is not being directly stocked by Walmart. The costume is also stocked by Halloween supplier Spirit Halloween, which last year defended a Cailtyn Jenner Halloween costume for men. A description reads: “All the guys will be dressing up as superheroes and princes, but you will stand out among the rest in this hilarious Granny Men’s Costume! “The costume includes a white tank dress with pink collar and colorful flowers all over as well as curvaceous butt and boob pads to complete the look. “This granny wouldn’t go anywhere without her pink babushka with flower design headband to keep her hair perfectly in place. “Slap on some makeup and get ready for your granny walk and you will have the room roaring with laughter!” Walmart did not immediately return a request for comment. Spirit previously defended its Jenner costume, writing: “Caitlyn Jenner has proven to be the most important real-life superhero of the year. Spirit Halloween is proud to carry the costume that celebrates her.” The description of the costume said: “If you want some ‘Vanity’ this Halloween then try wearing the Unisex Call Me Caitlyn Costume. “You probably won’t break any Twitter records when you wear this outfit like Caitlyn did when she first made her account, but you’ll be sure to get a few laughs out of your friends and the other guests at the get together.” 87 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous story HIV infections in gay men remain at record-high levels Next story 'Do we ever really stop coming out?' More like this Edinburgh Uni bans ‘cross-dressing’ and ‘camp’ Halloween outfits Photos: Kim Davis is everyone’s new favourite Halloween costume Olympic skier Gus Kenworthy apologises for ‘culturally insensitive’ Halloween costume This proud dad defended his son’s brilliant choice of Halloween costume The force is strong with this Neil Patrick Harris and family Halloween photo Amazon forced to remove ‘lady boy’ Halloween costume A YouTuber got his mum to rate his ‘slutty’ Halloween costumes… This dad won at parenting by letting his son buy a dress for Halloween More: Trans online Halloween tranny shopping walmart retail costume Tranny Granny trnasgender ST Test Trending Trending Now Potential Supreme Court nominee who wants gays jailed denies posing nude for gay adult site Wentworth Miller hits back at follower who said he’s not ‘a real man’ Ellen DeGeneres awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom by Obama Trump’s potential Supreme Court nominee wants gays jailed for having sex Trending Potential Supreme Court nominee who wants gays jailed denies posing nude for gay adult site Wentworth Miller hits back at follower who said he’s not ‘a real man’ Ellen DeGeneres awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom by Obama Trump’s potential Supreme Court nominee wants gays jailed for having sex Latest stories Swedish surfer offers hand in marriage to anyone who wants to leave Trump’s USA New Kids on the Block singer Jonathan Knight gets engaged 13 comments bisexuals want to avoid. Forever. Trans daughter sued by mother for transitioning Elton John sexual harassment case dismissed American girls are the world’s biggest consumers of Pornhub lesbian content © 2016 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise

Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Walmart Software Javascript Development Software @WalmartLabs applies Electrode to get current with web dev The React/Node platform makes Walmart's website sing 4 Oct 2016 at 07:29, Thomas Claburn Thomas Claburn Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Recent Articles Machine-learning craze reaches freelancers: AI skills sought for gigs Duck Google's data grab Puppet shows its hand: All your software is belong to us @WalmartLabs – which practices deviant punctuation and develops software for the retail giant that bears its name – on Monday released Electrode, an open-source platform for building universal React/Node.js applications. Walmart.com now runs on Electrode, at least in part. Since January, @WalmartLabs has been helping Walmart.com, which consists of about two dozen applications, migrate from Handlebars.js, Backbone.js, and Java to React (Facebook's popular UI framework) and Node.js. The transition was about a third complete in July, when Alex Grigoryan, director of software engineering for application platforms at @WalmartLabs, estimated that within three months, 98 per cent of traffic to the website would flow through React and Node components. The website for Sam's Club, owned by Walmart, should complete a similar transition by the end of the year. The reason @WalmartLabs changed technological horses midstream, Grigoryan explained at the Node.js Summit over the summer, is because the company wanted an up-to-date technological foundation that provided better scalability, better performance, better productivity, and reusability of components. The fact that Walmart.com is handling 80 million monthly visitors, 10,000 requests per second, and some 15 million items suggests Electrode's scalability at least won't disappoint. Walmart.com's performance has improved too, Grigoryan says. The home page, a server-side rendered page, now loads 20 per cent faster. Similarly, the login page is 15 per cent faster. Pages previously rendered client-side and now rendered server-side have shown speed improvements of up to 30 per cent, while JavaScript bundle sizes have been reduced 20 per cent. The Electrode platform has made @WalmartLabs developers more productive, claims Grigoryan. "We're able to on-board our engineers the same day that they join @WalmartLabs," he writes. "Most engineers are able to release code within a few days of their start date." Previously, developer training took five days and it was about a week before new developers committed any code. Component reusability also improves productivity, Grigoryan suggests, through reduced time to market. Grigoryan highlights Electrode's organizational benefits, as well. Developing in the JavaScript world, at least the corner occupied by React and Node, can be something of a mess. There's seemingly no end to the number of libraries, frameworks, packages, modules, and tools that can work their way into projects. Electrode Boilerplate includes many of these technologies out of the box, thereby allowing developers to spend less time configuring projects and more time writing code. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 5 Comments More from The Register Walmart sues Visa for being too lax with protecting chip cards The only thing lower than our prices is your security! 66 Comments Walmart spied on workers' Tweets, blogs before protests Defence contractor Lockheed Martin provided intelligence services before Black Friday 35 Comments Walmart to open-source its cloud-hopping code Retail giant offers skeleton key to escape cloud lock-in from … oh, no cloud in particular 10 Comments Walmart takes its DevOps platform and piles it high on GitHub Mega grocer throwing rotten tomatoes at Amazon? 5 Comments If Amazon can have delivery drones, we want them too, says Walmart FAA gets another license to delay until too late 26 Comments US govt drafts Google, Walmart, Amazon, BestBuy execs for drone registration system Task force to draw up database for owners of flying gizmos 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight Has Linux got OpenStack licked? The Vanilla 'Plus' strategy Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Tailored Swift – coming soon to a cloud near you Toblerone's Brexit trim should be applied to bloatware Red Hat eye from the Ubuntu guy: Fedora – how you doin'? Pair programming – you'll never guess what happens next! Open Sorcerers: Can you rid us of Emperor Zuck? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Latest News Dow 18,908 +3.87 +0.02% Nasdaq 5,335 +1.40 +0.03% S&P 500 2,187 -0.36 -0.02% 10:01 A.M. ET U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October 9:45 A.M. ET Lego Opens Its Biggest Store in the World in London 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock halted for volatility 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:33 A.M. ET Donald Trump tabs Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype 9:21 A.M. ET Shipping stocks on track for big bounces 9:15 A.M. ET Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 9:10 A.M. ET Tesla's stock jumps as SolarCity merger approval will free stock to rally 9:09 A.M. ET Regal Entertainment shares are down 5.5% premarket 9:07 A.M. ET Updated My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — what can I do? 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release 100 Million Views Later, Purple Brings on New CEO By Published: Oct 4, 2016 3:00 a.m. ET Share Former Walmart director joins Purple to help the company dominate the sleep and comfort space worldwide. SALT LAKE CITY, Oct. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Purple, Inc., (https://onpurple.com/) a comfort company known for its revolutionary "No-Pressure™" mattress has appointed Sam Bernards as chief executive officer. This announcement comes after Purple experienced rapid growth its first year. In eight months the company grew from 38 to more than 340 employees and has added a 574,000 square-foot manufacturing building. This growth was jumpstarted by the popular "Goldilocks" video that went viral after its January release. Purple's videos have had more than 100 million views through Facebook and Youtube combined. "This is the perfect time for Sam Bernards to become Purple's next CEO. We've selected an experienced leader at a time when Purple is poised for growth," said Purple co-founder Tony Pearce. "I am convinced there is no better leader for Purple today." The Purple® Bed began last year when it funded $171,000 on Kickstarter. In less than a year, Purple has received more than 2,500 online reviews and is now a leader in the competitive E-Commerce mattress space. Since the Kickstarter launch, sales have skyrocketed, according to Pearce. "What we accomplished on Kickstarter in 45 days has sometimes been surpassed in less than a day in sales," Pearce said. Now, Pearce says it's time to bring on a new CEO to help Purple reach its full potential in a competitive and constantly changing industry. "Today's pace of change is exponential," Pearce said. "Sam has deep experience in the retail and supply chain sector and will move the company forward with the speed required to capitalize on the opportunities in front of us." After having started multiple companies, Bernards joined Walmart in 2006 and moved quickly through the company's ranks, driving forward a $2 billion program to optimize its global supply chain, a $7 billion program for strategic supplier management, and an $80 billion growth strategy for Walmart US, which resulted in the launch of Walmart Express and other innovations. "I joined Purple because I wanted to be a part of a company that has the ability to solve the very real pain of uncomfortable sleep for millions—and soon billions—of people," said Bernards. "Deep, healing sleep is fundamental for health, growth and happiness, and Purple has a uniquely powerful solution to change sleep from what once was difficult to delightful." Purple has a mission to help those in pain by using science to develop products to help people be more comfortable whether they are sitting, standing or sleeping. "The co-founders have created a suite of soon-to-be-released products that will impact how people stand and sit. This is meaningful to me, and I am convinced of Purple's ability to achieve its global potential," Bernards said. Looking forward, Bernards has several goals for the company. "I am focused on accelerating the innovation and execution that our customers need from us. Their happiness will continue to drive us. At a time when the bed industry is just beginning to experience a renaissance, I am thrilled to be a part of Purple's role in transforming the quality and comfort of people's lives." The Pearces have been observing and vetting Bernards for 16 years. Confident in Bernards' ability to lead the company into its next phase, the Pearces will be able to focus on the research and development of new products. "Sam is clearly the leader for Purple's future," Pearce said. "With Sam Bernards taking the role of CEO, the board is very confident Purple has the leadership to drive its success for the next chapter." About Purple After 20 years of creating and licensing comfort products, Tony and Terry Pearce launched Purple in January 2016. The founders have been granted 34 patents in the advanced cushioning arena. Sixteen patents and pending patents were used in creating the World's First No Pressure™ Mattress and future products. Purple has quickly become a leader in sleep and comfort technology. Its products change lives through dramatic improvements to the quality of sleeping, sitting and standing. Video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BvwpjaGZCQ   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/100-million-views-later-purple-brings-on-new-ceo-300338015.html SOURCE Purple, Inc. Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Walmart U.S. to close three stores as leases expire, all smaller formats by Kim Souza. Published Oct 3rd, 2016 8:40 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas While the three recent announced store closures by Walmart U.S. are just a tiny slice of the retailer’s larger national footprint, the move does reinforce management’s focus on performance and connecting physical stores to online sales. Walmart U.S. plans to close two discount stores in west Texas and one campus store in Columbia, Mo., in the coming weeks as the leases on these properties expire. This is in-line with the retailer’s strategy to simplify business operations and cut loose stores that don’t fit into Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran’s game plan to run high-performing stores with grocery including online orders and store pickup options. Walmart spokeswoman Anne Hatfield said the Texas closures involve a pair of older discount stores in Lamesa and nearby Brownfield, Texas. Both were built around 1987, predating supercenters and have limited grocery items and far more general merchandise. About 155 workers from the two stores will have the opportunity to transfer to other stores in the region, but there are no other Walmart stores in those small Texas towns. Hatfield said the retailers will work with the displaced employees to help them find other jobs. She said Walmart offers reviews of resumes and interview skills to any workers being displaced. The Lamesa store will close later this month and its workers will be paid through Dec. 9. The Brownfield stores will remain open through the holidays and close in late January. Those workers will be paid through the first week of February. Hatfield said Walmart also offers severance pay after those date for eligible workers. Hatfield said full time workers who have been with the company for more than one year would be eligible for severance. Generally, full-time employees receive a week’s pay for every year of continuous service. Hatfield said store performance is one of the metrics used by the retailer to determine which stores are closed. Both Texas stores were leased properties and Hatfield said when the lease came up for renewal, Walmart opted to close the locations. As of Aug.10, Walmart operated 22 of the older Discount Stores across Texas. There will be two less before the company’s fiscal new year in February. In its home state of Arkansas there are still seven of the older Discount Store models in operation. Nationwide there are 428 of the older Discount Stores which are candidates for closure if they underperform financially given they don’t offer a full-line of grocery. Earlier this year Walmart U.S. closed 154 of its stores, which included 102 of the smaller Express formats, 23 Neighborhood Markets, 12 Supercenters, 7 stores in Puerto Rico, 6 Discount Stores and 4 Sam’s Club. Also on the chopping block is the small Walmart Campus Store at the University of Missouri in Columbia, which was founder Sam Walton’s Alma Mater. Walmart spokeswoman Della Garcia said the store is in a leased space and it will close at the end of this week. Garcia said the 11 workers in the test format will be given priority hiring at three supercenter stores and one Sam’s Club located within three miles of the campus store. “Walmart remains committed to offering convenience shopping options in Columbia. This week we rolled out online grocery to the Columbia market,” Garcia said. She said the campus store in Columbia was part on an ongoing test for convenience formats on college campuses. There are three other campus stores still involved in the test and they are not being affected by this closure. Those locations are: University of Arkansas (Fayetteville), University of Richmond (Richmond, Va.), and Arizona State University (Tempe, Ariz.). Garcia said profitability is a factor in the campus stores and they only carry about 5,000 items, compared to 40,000 items in a Neighborhood Market and 120,000 items in a supercenter. The Discount stores carry around 100,000 items but very limited grocery and no fresh foods. Foran told the media in June that a well-run supercenter remains the best profit center for the retailer. He said the new generation Neighborhood Markets with fuel and pharmacy also hold their own. Smaller formats present issues because they they do not allow for fresh meat and produce, bakery, deli and other areas on which the retailer is focusing. The store closures are more fodder for the union-backed groups like Making a Change at Walmart who called the store closures “a callous move by Walmart.” Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 17shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' Parents slam Texas high school after two 10th graders were allowed to perform skit portraying the assassination of Donald Trump in front of classmates  'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Previous Next EXCLUSIVE: Tracy Morgan 'refuses to release medical records subpoenaed as part of legal battle over $90M Walmart settlement after 2014 crash that left him with a brain injury' Comedian accused of not releasing documents including tax returns Walmart paid a rumored $90M to Morgan after driver crashed into his limo Morgan suffered a brain injury in the crash that killed another passenger But Walmart's insurers believe Morgan's health problems can be disproved Say Morgan was seen driving without any difficulty after the settlement Walmart fired back saying they entered the settlement in good faith By Ryan Parry For Dailymail.com Published: 23:00 EST, 3 October 2016 | Updated: 02:50 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail 43 shares 154 View comments Comedian Tracy Morgan is accused of refusing to hand over medical records and other documents ordered by subpoena as part of a legal battle over a multi-million dollar crash settlement paid out to him by supermarket Walmart. The retail giant coughed up a rumored $90 million to Morgan after one of its drivers crashed into his limousine in 2014. Morgan suffered a brain injury and numerous fractures in the crash, which also killed another passenger and injured three others. But Walmart's insurers, who are trying to avoid taking the hit for the payments, believe Morgan's health problems can be disproved after he was spotted driving around New York in a Lamborghini and appearing at the Emmy's shortly after the settlement. The insurers are now accusing the 30 Rock star of refusing to hand over his medical records, tax returns and other documents relating to his public appearances after the settlement - in response to a subpoena served on him six months ago. Comedian Tracy Morgan (pictured last month) is accused of refusing to hand over medical records and other documents ordered as part of a legal battle over a multi-million dollar crash settlement paid out to him by supermarket Walmart Walmart's insurers, who are trying to avoid taking the hit for the payments, believe Morgan's health problems can be disproved. Morgan is pictured in July 2014, one month after the crash In a legal letter seen by DailyMail.com, lawyers for Walmart's insurers The Ohio Casualty Insurance Company call on the case judge to set a hearing in the case due to Morgan's failure to produce the documents. Morgan's friend and fellow comic James McNair died in the crash when a tractor-trailer driven by Walmart employee Kevin Roper slammed into the back of their limo van on New Jersey Turnpike in June, 2014. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'Hound of Hounslow' trader accused of helping trigger a... The Candyman launches bid to bankrupt his former nanny after... Share this article Share Morgan spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab following the accident before he could return home. He was also forced to put an FX series he had in development on hold after the accident. One of Walmart's drivers crashed into Morgan's limousine (pictured in an image released by the NTSB to show the damage), leaving the comedian with a brain injury and fractures  Morgan's friend,  comic James McNair died in the crash when a tractor-trailer driven by Walmart employee Kevin Roper slammed into the back of their limo van (pictured on its side) However Walmart's insurers first filed papers in August alleging that the supermarket had paid an 'exorbitant' settlement in order to avoid bad publicity. They also claimed the amount paid out to Morgan and his fellow passengers was excessive in comparison to their actual injuries - and accused Walmart of failing to conduct adequate investigations before settling. The suit read: 'Within weeks of Walmart settling with Morgan, Morgan was seen driving one of the most powerful sports cars in midtown Manhattan, driving without any difficulty and clearly showing he was enjoying himself,' the documents state. 'Walmart would have learned that Morgan was capable of doing these things had it done an adequate and reasonable investigation before settling.' The supermarket chain fired back this week saying they entered into these settlements in good faith and even paid Morgan and the other victims out of their own pockets. They explained they held responsibility for the accident, which is why they did the right thing and settled the claims quickly, rather than trying to invent reasons to dispute them - which they accuse the insurers of doing to them. Morgan spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab following the accident before he could return home. Pictured is the Walmart truck after the crash Walmart added that four other insurers they have paid out on their policies and has accused Ohio Casualty of being 'unnaturally obsessed' with Morgan’s activity post-settlement, such as the purchase of a new car. Ohio Casualty has now filed documents demanding that Judge Lois Goodman, who is overseeing the case, 'address a very serious problem' involving Morgan and six others refusing to hand over his medical records and other documents as requested by the subpoena. In papers filed on Monday, the insurers claim Morgan's lawyer told them he would authorize the release of his medical records but has failed to follow through. The subpoena is demanding Morgan hands over all settlement-related documents, any and all medical examinations records since January 1st, 2015, Federal and State personal tax returns for 2009-2014, documents that refer or relate to the potential future earnings for the comedian, all financial information related to Morgan’s earnings for the five years prior to the crash. They also request any 'documents generated after the settlement that refer or relate to his appearing on national television shortly after the settlement, driving a Lamborghini in midtown Manhattan shortly after the settlement, Tracy Morgan’s ability to walk around midtown New York shortly after the settlement and his appearance at the Emmy Awards to make a presentation.' The judge has yet to set a date for a hearing. Share or comment on this article e-mail 43 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Parents slam Texas high school after two 10th graders were allowed to perform skit portraying the... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment REVEALED: North Carolina parents who featured on Extreme Makeover: Home Edition 'gave AWAY their five adopted children after getting home of their dreams'  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns amid Trump transition - ending his 50 year career MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Weather Blog 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Weather Cams School Visits Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Watercooler Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Let's Ask America Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Lifestyle + Home & Garden Diva of DIY Family Community Calendar Horoscope Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live Marketplace + BBB KCLive.TV About Us + Seen On TV Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Fill The Fridge Support 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 46° Mostly cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 67° LO: 56° HI: 47° LO: 32° HI: 44° LO: 25° More Weather Traffic current alerts 6 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Walmart backs out of Mission Gateway project Back to square one for developer Cynthia Newsome 8:03 PM, Oct 3, 2016 10:27 AM, Oct 4, 2016 Share Article Previous Next Walmart said it won’t serve as the anchor tenant for the Mission Gateway development. KSHB Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next MISSION, Kan. - The developer in the Mission Gateway project is looking for a new anchor tenant after Walmart decided last week not to be part of the project. The news means Mission continues to lose tax money because the property at Shawnee Mission and Nall is vacant. Mission Mayor Steven Schowengerdt explained that the previous mall generated $1 million a year in taxes for Mission. He said the developer informed the council last Thursday that Walmart was no longer part of the deal, and he is looking for new retailers and a new plan for the prime land. Walmart planned to close its Roeland Park store and move it to the Mission Gateway location. Now that Walmart is not part of Mission Gateway, the Roeland Park store will remain open. Three years ago, taxes were raised in Roeland Park to prepare for Walmart to close. Now that it will not close Joel Marquardt, the mayor of Roeland Park, said there will be a discussion about next year's budget and whether or not the tax should be lowered. Longtime Mission resident Betty Benson is 95 years old. She owns the Mission Artists Workshoppe. She is disappointed that the land is still vacant and hopes a department store will become the anchor tenant.  "When we had Dillard's we loved it, when we had Macy's we loved it," said Benson. A number of individuals and some neighborhood groups in Mission fought the project that morphed over the years into a track and apartments on top of the Walmart. On October 13 and 14 at Mission City Hall, Mission residents will have a chance to express their opinions about what restaurants and businesses they would like to see on the land. ------   Cynthia Newsome can be reached at Cynthia.Newsome@kshb.com. Follow her on Twitter: Follow @CynthiaNewsome Connect on Facebook:   Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article Related Mission Gateway project takes big step forward Preliminary plan for Mission Gateway approved Mission Gateway Project may have 'green space' Mission Gateway Project moves forward Mission Gateway developer submits new proposal Mission Gateway project no closer to development A Share A A A Share Article Related Mission Gateway project takes big step forward Preliminary plan for Mission Gateway approved Mission Gateway Project may have 'green space' Mission Gateway Project moves forward Mission Gateway developer submits new proposal Mission Gateway project no closer to development Read Full Story Comments Top Stories Trending Now TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video WeatherSupport KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar Let's Ask America Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (17) Post your comment Xiaomi Mi Box now available in the US for $69 03 October 2016 As was announced earlier this year after Google I/O 2016, Xiaomi has launched the Mi Box in the US market in collaboration with Google. Starting today, the device is on sale for $69 from its Mi.com website and will soon be available in Walmart and on Walmart.com website. For $69, you get a media player that runs Android TV OS with 4K 60fps playback and HDR-10 support is coming with Nougat update. It runs an unspecified (although we suspect it's the Amlogic S905) SoC with quad-core Cortex-A53 CPU clocked at 2.0GHz and Mali-450 GPU, with 2GB RAM, and 8GB storage with microSD. It has dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0, USB 2.0, SPDIF/headphone audio out, and HDMI 2.0a with DTS 2.0 and Dolby Digital Plus output in up to 7.1. It comes bundled with a Bluetooth remote controller. With Android TV, you get access to all the Android apps and games on the Play Store, with streaming services and live tv channels as well through Sling TV. You get $50 of free credit if you subscribe to Sling TV, 3-months of free trial with Pandora, and $5 credit with VUDU with your purchase of Mi Box. The Mi Box is also compatible with Google Cast. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Courts D.C. Court Gets Latest Media Ownership Appeal By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 Content Oxygen Clicks Into Digital Media For New Shows By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 17, 2016 Broadband Broadband Coalition: Don't Re-regulate BDS By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 OTT ‘Dust’ Goes Over-the-Top With Short-Form Sci-Fi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Wheeler: No Decision on Departure Date By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 Bounce TV to Launch ‘Brown Sugar’ SVOD Service By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 17, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community The Bauminator Apple Said to Be Chopping App Fees for Video Services By Jeff Baumgartner The Bauminator Google Testing 4K-HDR Box for Fiber TV: Report By Jeff Baumgartner Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Transactions Warner Bros. Deals for Machinima By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 OTT PlayStation Vue Bites Into Apple TV By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Broadband Broadband Coalition: Don't Re-regulate BDS By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 OTT ‘Dust’ Goes Over-the-Top With Short-Form Sci-Fi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 17, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Oct 03 2016 OTT Xiaomi’s 4K-Capable ‘Mi Box’ Reaches U.S. Android TV-powered device also supports HDR and sells for $69 10/03/2016 4:41 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator China-based CE giant Xiaomi has launched the Mi Box, its 4K-capable Android TV device in the U.S. for $69, a move that applies some competitive pressure to an OTT device sector that includes a new set of 4K streamers from Roku as well as the current-gen Amazon Fire TV box.   RELATED: Roku Revamps Streaming Player Lineup   Xiaomi is initially selling the Mi Box at Mi.com, with plans to offer it at Walmart stores and at Walmart.com later this month.   RELATED: Amazon Lights Up Fire TV With 4K   Xiaomi said the device delivers 4K video at 60 frames per second along with support for the latest HDR10 standard and integrated Google voice search and Google Cast. Android TV gives the device access to apps from some usual suspects from the OTT world, including Netflix, Sling TV, HBO, Showtime and VUDU, among others.   To help prime the pump, Xiaomi is tossing in some perks such as a $50 credit toward a subscription to Sling TV, a three-month free trial to Pandora, and a $5 credit toward a rental or purchase via VUDU.   Xiaomi  said the device packs a quad-core ARM Cortex-A53 CPU and Mali 450 GPU, as well as 2GB DDR3 RAM and 8GB eMMC flash. Users can also add additional storage to Mi Box using its USB port.   The MiBox joins a mix of other Android TV devices, including connected TVs from Sharp and Sony, the Nvidia Shield, and Razer Forge TV. Google stopped selling the first Android TV-based device, the Nexus Player, earlier this year.   Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Xiaomi    Android TV    4K    HDR    OTT    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: Terri Hines Appointed Executive Vice President, Communications at Fox Sports Artel Video Systems Welcomes Chris Riello as Vice President of Product Development Sean “Diddy” Combs’ Revolt Tv To Exclusively Air Popular “Drink Champs” Podcast, Hosted By Rapper N.O.R.E. And Dj Efn Byron Allen’s Entertainment Studios Hires Michael Clark As Vice President Of Digital Advertising Sales For The Grio The National Association For Multi-Ethnicity In Communications And The Emma Bowen Foundation Partner To Launch Online Professional Network CTHRA Seeks Input for 2017 Industry Compensation Surveys Survey Planning Meetings Set for Atlanta Comcast Business Announces $30 Million Investment to Expand High-Performance Ethernet Network in City of Philadelphia WICT Announces Betsy Magness Leadership Institute Call for Applications MTV Live Launches Monthly Music Series “MTV Live Setlist” Debuting Saturday, November 19 At 9:00 PM ET/PT With Swedish Singer, Songwriter Léon Fight Sports Launches On DAZN In Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Japan Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ Comcast Won't Authenticate Subs for New Starz App Roger Keating Named Hearst TV Chief Strategy Officer Related Stories Warner Bros. Deals for Machinima Jeff Baumgartner - 11/17/2016 03:46:00 PM America/New_York Warner Bros. has inked a deal to acquire Machinima, PlayStation Vue Bites Into Apple TV Jeff Baumgartner - 11/17/2016 12:33:00 PM America/New_York PlayStation Vue, Sony’s OTT-TV service, has added ‘Dust’ Goes Over-the-Top With Short-Form Sci-Fi Jeff Baumgartner - 11/17/2016 11:52:00 AM America/New_York Add “Dust” to a growing group of multiscreen services Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → CTA: Half of America Is Buying Tech During Black Friday Week CPJ Seeks Meeting with VP-Elect Pence ‘Mariah’s World’ Debuts on E!, Bravo Dec. 4 FCC Under Multi-front GOP Push to Ramp Down Sens. Markey, Wyden Put Hold on Rosenworcel Audinate Releases Dante Analog Output Module Broadcast Foreign Ownership Rules Relaxed DTS Says 34 More Car Models Will Have HD Radios in 2017 NextRadio Chooses National Sales Director Merging Technologies Brings In Nicolas Sturmel The Year in Acronyms: VR, HDR and IP: Examining the Emergence of These Technologies How DP Simon Niblett Made 'The Eagle Huntress' Soar on a Shoestring Budget 'The Eagle Huntress' Director Otto Bell on Being Compelled By His Star to Tell Her Story DP Kris Kachikis Shoots on the Sony F55 for 'Mascots' 'I Spy (With My Five Eyes)': Interactive Documentary Immerses Viewers in the Intelligence Community Arena Stocks 4K Truck With Barnfind, Lawo Gear NAB: FCC Repack Deadline Likely Unachievable Advanced UAV Workshop Planned at National Drone Show Blackmagic SmartView Walks Red Carpet Cobalt Promotes Bob McAlpine to CEO News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Noble Roman’s Named ‘Preferred Supplier’ for Circle K(R) Franchise System; Signs Franchise Agreements for 3 Additional Walmart(R) Locations; Adds &amp; Stocks 2 New Grocery Distributors Noble Roman’s Named ‘Preferred Supplier’ for Circle K(R) Franchise System; Signs Franchise Agreements for 3 Additional Walmart(R) Locations; Adds &amp; Stocks 2 New Grocery Distributors Posted on October 3, 2016 by Noble Roman's, Inc. in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer INDIANAPOLIS, IN / ACCESSWIRE / October 3, 2016 / Noble Roman’s, Inc. (OTCQB: NROM), the Indianapolis based franchisor and licensor of Noble Roman’s Pizza, today announced that it had signed an agreement with TMC Franchise Corporation (“TMC”) to become a Preferred Supplier for their system of franchised Circle K&#174;, Kangaroo Express&#174; and On the Run&#174; convenience store brands in the United States, which today totals approximately 800 locations. TMC is part of the Alimentation Couche-Tard, Inc. group, one of the largest operators and franchisors of convenience stores in North America. Pursuant to the agreement, TMC will communicate Noble Roman’s preferred status for pizza-focused foodservice to its existing franchisees as well as to all new franchise prospects. Noble Roman’s will conduct presentations and demonstrations for TMC franchisees at special meetings to be held during the October 2016 convention of the National Association of Convenience Stores (“NACS”) in Atlanta, where Noble Roman’s will be exhibiting for all NACS attendees. Noble Roman’s also announced that it had signed three more franchise agreements for non-traditional units to be located in Walmarts, and expects to sign an additional three agreements later this year through the same master franchisee. The first non-traditional Noble Roman’s location inside a Walmart opened earlier this year in Myrtle Beach. According to Scott Mobley, president of Noble Roman’s, “We are enthused about the long-term opportunity for growth Walmart locations might represent for the company. Interior construction at the Walmart locations permitting, we anticipate all three of the new units recently signed to potentially be opened and operating yet this year, with the others on the slate for the first quarter of 2017. We believe there are other opportunities for partnered growth within this segment as well.” In total, the company has signed twenty-one new non-traditional franchise/license agreements in the first three quarters of 2016, compared to twelve during the same period in 2015. Sixteen non-traditional franchised/licensed locations have been opened thus far in 2016, compared to eight new non-traditional locations opened during the same period in 2015. Noble Roman’s also announced that it had signed agreements with two new grocery distributors to carry the ingredients for its deli take-n-bake pizza program. One of the distributors was stocked with products the last week of September; the other distributor has issued purchase orders to be stocked this week. Said Mobley, “Our team headed by Troy Branson, Executive Vice President, has done an excellent job pre-selling a number of groceries within each of the two new distributors, so we are able to get those programs up and running relatively quickly after they stock. We will continue to aggressively pursue additional grocers for our program within their two systems as well as others.” In total, the company has signed agreements for approximately 400 new grocery locations so far in 2016, and approximately 210 locations have been trained and opened. About Noble Roman’s Noble Roman’s, Inc. sells and services franchises and licenses for non-traditional foodservice operations under the trade names “Noble Roman’s Pizza,” “Noble Roman’s Take-n-Bake,” “Tuscano’s Italian Style Subs,” and now “Noble Roman’s Craft Pizza &amp; Pub.” The company has awarded franchise and/or license agreements in all 50 states plus Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico, the Bahamas, Italy, Canada and the Dominican Republic. The statements contained in this press release concerning the company’s future revenues, profitability, financial resources, market demand and product development are forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) relating to the company that are based on the beliefs of the management of the company, as well as assumptions and estimates made by and information currently available to the company’s management. The company’s actual results in the future may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties that exist in the company’s operations and business environment, including, but not limited to, competitive factors and pricing pressures, non-renewal of franchise agreements, shifts in market demand, the success of new franchise programs with limited operating history including the stand-alone pizzeria and take-n-bake locations, general economic conditions, changes in purchases of or demand for the company’s products, licenses or franchises, the success or failure of individual franchisees and licensees, changes in prices or supplies of food ingredients and labor, and dependence on continued involvement of current management and the performance of the sales staff and franchise broker. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions or estimates prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected or intended. The company undertakes no obligations to update the information in this press release for subsequent events. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, CONTACT: For Media Information: Scott Mobley, President &amp; CEO 317/634-3377 For Investor Relations: Paul Mobley, Executive Chairman 317/634-3377 SOURCE: Noble Roman’s, Inc. ReleaseID: 446420 Latest News FlightStats Becomes Official Source Of American Airlines Data Beverly Hills Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Paul Nassif, is Now Offering Eyelid Surgeries Using the Latest Techniques UNCF Raises Funds for the Next Generation of Leaders at the Indianapolis Masked Ball This Thanksgiving, Eat Out or Order In and Help Fight World Hunger with Stop Hunger Now Woolpert Contracted to Rehabilitate and Protect Covered Bridges Nurse Mates Launches Align™ Corrective Lifestyle Footwear Collection HAI Group Acquires InspectUS Housing Inspection Software Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Beaumont Solar Expands and Opens New Office in Providence, Rhode Island to Service Local Customers and Meet Growing Solar Demand © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 35 Ways to Save for Your Emergency Fund 10 Best Student Savings Accounts Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips CD Loans: How to Borrow Against Your Certificate of Deposit How to Close Your CD Early Without Paying a Fee Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans What Is an Unsecured Loan? What Is a Secured Loan? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News The Most Anticipated IPOs of 2017 How to Invest in Oil Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 13 Everyday Habits That Destroy Your Retirement Fund 7 Hidden Fees to Watch Out for in Retirement Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 10 Free Student Checking Accounts What Is a Checking Account? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How Do Credit Unions Make Money? Are Banks Open on Black Friday 2016? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips 6 Pros and Cons of Store Credit Cards How Your Dallas Credit Card Benefits Can Save You Money Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Saving Money Top Lists > The Best Things to Buy at Walmart and Target The Best Things to Buy at Walmart and Target By Andrew DePietro October 14, 2016 City of Angels, Jonathan Weiss / Shutterstock.com Tinxi / Shutterstock.com piosi / Shutterstock.com Mikhail Rulkov / Shutterstock.com Tyler McKay / Shutterstock.com Budimir Jevtic / Shutterstock.com Tyler Olson / Shutterstock.com iStock.com / GMVozd Dirima / Shutterstock.com Olga Miltsova / Shutterstock.com iStock.com / mediaphotos Gandolfo Cannatella / Shutterstock.com Twin Design / Shutterstock.com Vitezslav Halamka / Shutterstock.com iStock.com / Geber86 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Walmart and Target are both juggernauts of the retail industry. And although both big-box stores might face stiff competition from online retailers like Amazon, Target and Walmart still often beat prices of other online stores — and will even price match many major online brands. So whether you’re looking for cheap products or ways to price match, here are the best things to buy at Target and Walmart. 1. Lego Lego are consistently rated as one of the best deals at Walmart. “Having three kids who’ve all been into Legos at one time or another, I figured this one out a long time ago,” said Kyle James of Rather-Be-Shopping. Both Walmart and Target have some of the hottest Lego products available. However, in many cases, "smart shoppers have long been aware that Walmart typically beats Target and Toys "R" Us on price," said James. For example, the Lego Star Wars AT-AT, Lego City sets and Lego Super Heroes tend to be a tad cheaper at Walmart than at Target. But remember: Target does price match Walmart.com, so you might be able to get the same toys at the same price at both retailers. 2. Back-to-School Supplies Walmart and Target both provide great deals on back-to-school supplies. Walmart offers both low everyday prices as well as rollback prices, while Target has been known to offer buy-one-get-one 50 percent off on a variety of school supplies. "While Staples and Office Depot/Office Max offer competitive prices on school supplies during July and August, Walmart and Target consistently offer lower prices on pens, pencils, crayons, paper and other school supplies all year long," said Kendal Perez of CouponSherpa.com. "For example, Target offers college-ruled filler paper (175 sheets) for 99 cents compared to Office Depot's store brand of college-ruled filler paper (150 sheets) for $2.49," she said. "Walmart offers the same brand as Target, but 150 sheets for 82 cents." 3. Toys Both Walmart and Target have a good track record when it comes to low prices on toys, "especially around the Black Friday/Christmas sales [when] Walmart rolls back prices on its toys, and the products are identical to what you'll get elsewhere," said Kerry Sherin of Offers.com. "Target is really good at predicting the 'hot toys' for Christmas and pricing them lower than the competition," added James. "They know once they get shoppers in the toy aisle, they’re probably going to buy other stuff at full price. So, if your child asks for a popular, and thus hard-to-find toy this Christmas, be sure to check Target first." 4. Name-Brand Laundry Detergent Walmart and Target both stand out with their affordable prices on brand-name laundry detergent. "Walmart and Target typically have better prices on laundry detergent compared to grocers and especially online retailers," said Perez. "For example, a 100-ounce bottle of Tide Original Liquid Laundry detergent is currently on sale for $10.99 at my local King Soopers — but I can only get that price if I buy four, or spend close to $50." Find Out: The Best Generic Brands to Save Money Tide Original Liquid Laundry Detergent costs $10.99 each on Target.com, and you can get a $10 Target gift card if you buy three. "Walmart sells the detergent for $10.77, offering the best per-unit price of everyone," added Perez. Walmart prices for laundry detergent also outdo online pharmacy prices. For example, Arm & Hammer Plus Oxi Clean that cleans 25 loads costs over $3 more at Walgreens and CVS versus Walmart. 5. Cleaning Products Walmart and Target continually offer competitive prices on name-brand cleaning products, said Perez. Walmart prices often undercut the prices at local grocers, and “Target is known to offer gift cards of $5 to $10 with cleaning product purchases," she added. Online retailers such as Amazon can't compete with Walmart and Target's prices on many cleaning products. "For example, a 2-liter refill of Windex Glass Cleaner costs $5.44 from Walmart [and] $5.59 from Target, while Amazon sells the same product for $9.74," said Perez. Similarly, Lysol toilet bowl cleaner two-packs are cheaper at Target than on Amazon. And although Amazon's Clorox disinfecting wipes just barely beat Target's price, Amazon.com is one of the online retailers covered in Target's price-match policy. 6. Baby Supplies Multiple deals experts have cited both Walmart and Target prices on baby supplies and products. For example, Walmart shines when it comes to affordable baby supplies. Name-brand baby products such as the Graco Pack 'n Play with Automatic Folding Feet Playard costs only $60.88 at Walmart versus $79.70 at Amazon. 7. Select Bakeware "Walmart and Target offer better prices on bakeware and other cooking tools compared to grocery stores and online retailers," said Perez. For instance, a Pyrex Grip Rite 9.5-inch clear Glass Pie Pan is priced at $31.45 from Amazon compared to $6.49 from Target. Walmart offers affordable prices on Pyrex bakeware as well — but Amazon has the retailer beat on some products, including the Pyrex Easy-Grab 9.5-inch Pie Plate two-pack. Fortunately, Walmart.com's price-match policy covers Amazon.com. 8. Kleenex Walmart and Target prices on Kleenex tissues tend to beat local stores. Compared to major pharmacies, Target has Walgreens beat on six-pack Kleenex bundles, costing more than $4 less. Walmart also offers better prices on Kleenex bundle packs than Walgreens. 9. Toilet Paper Like tissues, toilet paper prices tend to be lower at Walmart and Target versus other retailers, said Brent Shelton of FatWallet. For example, Charmin Ultra Soft, Mega Roll 12-count packs at Walmart and Target are cheaper than on Amazon.com. 10. Holiday Decorations Around Christmas time, you can find great deals on decorations and decor at Walmart, said Sherin. "Just shop early, before the selection is picked over,” she added. However, deals experts also say that great savings can be found on holiday decorations if you’re patient. According to AllThingsTarget.com, the store offers holiday sale prices for as low as 90 percent off for Valentine’s Day, Easter, summer, back-to-school, Halloween and Christmas items. 11. Razors A number of deals experts have noted Walmart's great prices on disposable razors. "I've been buying my Schick disposable razors at Walmart for years and pay 20 to 30 percent less than at Target or Amazon," said James. But, Target has Bed, Bath & Beyond beat when it comes to Gillette Sensor2 10-packs of disposable razors. And where Target's prices aren't lower than Bed, Bath & Beyond's, such as with Venus Spa women's razor, Target's price-match policy covers BedBathandBeyond.com. 12. iPhone "Target and Walmart are both good places to pick up an iPhone," said Benjamin Glaser of DealNews. "The big-box stores tend to have competitive discounts, and often bundle phones with gift cards. Walmart frequently has the best prices on prepaid iPhones, like [a] 6s for $399." 13. Pet Toys Pet food might not be one of the best things to buy at Walmart or Target, but you'll find great prices on toys for your pet, said Sherin. Both Petsmart.com and Petco.com are covered by Walmart and Target's price-match policy. Therefore, pet toys like the KONG Classic Dog Toy — which is cheaper on Petco.com and Petsmart.com — can be price matched at Walmart and Target. Walmart and Target Price-Match: List of Online Competitors Walmart and Target both provide a list of online retailers whose prices they will match, subject to review. Please note that you should always contact the retailer to verify a price match. And if you want to price match at a local Walmart store, talk to the store about its price-match policy. Here's the list of online retailers that both Walmart.com and Target.com say they will price match: Amazon.com Babiesrus.com Bedbathandbeyond.com Bestbuy.com Dickssportinggoods.com JCPenney.com Kmart.com Kohls.com Newegg.com OfficeDepot.com Petco.com Petsmart.com Sears.com SportsAuthority.com Staples.com Toysrus.com Walgreens.com Up Next: 8 Ways Your Money Habits Are Ruining Your Relationship Next The Richest Defensive Linemen This NFL Season View All Share This Article 15 Gifts for Teachers on World Teachers’ Day The Worst Things to Buy at Walmart and Target Related Articles 9 Sites for the Best Online Coupons 9 Secret Ways to Save Money at Sam’s Club 9 Ways to Save Money at CVS 30 Items to Avoid at Walmart These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Advertiser Disclosure * APY = Annual Percentage Yield Most Popular Personal Finance Articles ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Post-Election: 1 in 3 Americans Are Not Confident in the Financial Future of the U.S. Economy 6 Car Repairs You Can (Really) Do Yourself 50 Stores With the Best and Worst Return Policies Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Find Interest Rates Near Me Banking CD Rates Savings Account Checking Accounts Personal Loans Car Loans Mortgage Rates Credit Cards Go! Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2016 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Startups Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development You are here: ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,953-178.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 77 points lower; Nifty50 hits 6-month low to end at 8,074 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Flipkart had non-disclosure pact with Walmart before team arrived from US By Shelley Singh & Shambhavi Anand, ET Bureau | Updated: Oct 04, 2016, 12.38 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » walmart | Sreedhar Prasad | SnapDeal | KPMG India | Flipkart ET was the first to report, on September 27, that Walmart was exploring an equity partnership with Flipkart. NEW DELHI: Flipkart signed a non-disclosure agreement with Walmart before a team from the US arrived in India for talks last week aimed at taking forward discussions about a strategic alliance, said a person aware of the development. Executives of the world’s largest retailer also held meetings with Snapdeal and logistics companies during their trip as part of an exercise to gain a thorough understanding of India’s ecommerce market ahead of striking any deals, said two other persons. "Walmart is studying all parts of the ecommerce value chain in India," said one of the two. "They want a first-hand, deep understanding of what the market looks like, though they don’t have any immediate plans." Neil M Ashe, president and CEO, global ecommerce, Walmart, led the team, which spent "considerable time" at Snapdeal, the person added. Walmart and Snapdeal declined to comment on the matter. With regard to the talks with Flipkart, discussions are at an early stage and it will take a few months of negotiations to arrive at any conclusion, said the person cited above. Flipkart declined to comment. When contacted, Walmart said "We’re not commenting on the rumours.’’ ET was the first to report, on September 27, that Walmart was exploring an equity partnership with Flipkart. It said "the two companies are engaged in early talks, and a meeting is scheduled this week, that will include discussions on Walmart picking up a minority stake in India’s largest ecommerce company." "Walmart could be exploring India," said Sreedhar Prasad, partner, ecommerce, KPMG India. "Walmart is not a big online player, but is known for exceptional strategic sourcing, which is a weak point for e-tailers in India. So a strategic partnership in India could make sense for Walmart." As more Indians take to ecommerce, "that’s an opportunity Walmart wouldn’t like to miss." Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump meets Indian partners, hails PM Modi's work Rs 2000 notes offered for Rs 1.5L on eBay Notes swap limited to Rs 2,000 from tomorrow From Around the Web More from The Economic Times This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi Grow Your Brand with Superior Video Experiences Across the.. JW Player Ex-Apple Engineers Made This $499 Rearview Camera The Verge | Pearl Auto NFL-National Football League roundup Gold ETFs see first inflow in 3.5 years Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico Flynn's reputation: astute intelligence pro, straight talker READ MORE ON » walmart | Sreedhar Prasad | SnapDeal | KPMG India | Flipkart Follow this section for latest news on Startups EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Paytm bags NHAI deal for automatic toll collection For Uber, Ola drivers, big dreams come to a screeching halt Paytm finds Rs 150 crore bounty offline Can Witworks' smartwatch Blink succeed where others failed? CashNoCash.com launched to help citizens More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Yael T. Abouhalkah Lewis W. Diuguid Steve Paul Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Barbara Shelly Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Cindy Hoedel Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Local deals Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Development October 3, 2016 1:18 PM Wal-Mart bows out of Mission Gateway, will remodel Roeland Park store The site for the Mission Gateway project TAMMY LJUNGBLAD The Kansas City Star i By Steve Vockrodt svockrodt@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Wal-Mart, the ubiquitous retailer that the Mission Gateway developer once described as the “rocket fuel” to getting his project going, has fizzled on the plan. New York developer Tom Valenti confirmed that Wal-Mart was no longer the key anchor in the 16-acre development on Johnson Drive and Shawnee Mission Parkway. The retailer never received a warm welcome from the public, nor from a Mission City Council that shot down Valenti’s latest plan in August. “I can only discern they didn’t want a Wal-Mart as part of this project,” he said. Valenti said that Wal-Mart officials attended the Aug. 14 meeting where the Mission City Council turned down a preliminary site plan for a development concept that included apartments on top of the 24-hour retailer. Valenti said he was told last week of Wal-Mart’s decison. Wal-Mart plans to remain in its nearby Roeland Park location and has pledged to remodel the store. “While we were excited to be a part of the vision for the multiuse Mission Gateway development, we understand the developer’s current proposal is not moving forward and have made a business decision to no longer pursue a new store at this location,” said Wal-Mart spokeswoman Delia Garcia. She said Wal-Mart “remains committed to finding ways to better serve our area customers and, as we continue to innovate our services and invest in improving our stores, we anticipate launching an extensive remodel of the existing store in Roeland Park in early 2017. The Roeland Park Wal-Mart has proudly served the community for 20 years, and we look forward to making investments in this store that will greatly enhance the customer experience.” Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt said Wal-Mart’s decision to stick around will help the city’s finances. Wal-Mart and the shopping center it anchors at Roe Avenue and 51st Street was one of the city’s biggest sales tax generators. “It’s obviously good news for our budget,” Marquardt said. “I think it will help.” Valenti said he plans to stick with the Mission Gateway development, perhaps substituting the Wal-Mart store with several smaller retailers. He plans to be in Mission on Oct. 13 and 14 to get community input for the plan. It’s the latest in a long list of setbacks for the Mission Gateway project, which was supposed to be a grand entrance to the suburb from the west once the Mission Center Mall was torn down more than 10 years ago. But various proposals — condos, apartment projects, an aquarium, restaurants and retailers of various types and so on — fell by the wayside. Eventually in 2011, Valenti proposed a Wal-Mart for the site, the same retailer that years before had been rejected by city leaders in Mission. “We now have the rocket fuel to get the project off the ground,” Valenti told The Star in 2011. Instead of a source of ignition for the project’s future, the retailer became a target of derision. Roeland Park officials complained that the Mission Wal-Mart would cost its neighboring city their own store, which accounted for $500,000 of that city’s sales tax income. Mission residents complained about the Wal-Mart, airing concerns about how poorly the retailer had kept up its Roeland Park location and whether the city needed another Wal-Mart in perhaps the city’s most visible and valuable undeveloped piece of commercial property. A slate of candidates, many of them political newcomers, ran for Mission City Council on a plank of opposing Wal-Mart for Mission Gateway. They all won, which appeared to shift the balance of the city’s governing body against the Wal-Mart-anchored development plan. Kristin Inman, one of those newly minted council members, said she welcomed the news. “I’m pleased the Wal-Mart won’t be part of the development, but I’m excited about the rest of it with the hotel and replacement retailers,” Inman said. “It’s hopefully going to be an outstanding development.” A Mission Gateway without Wal-Mart may be more palatable to Mission residents and leaders. Debbie Kring, a Mission councilwoman for 17 years who has seen virtually all the interactions of Mission Gateway, shared those sentiments. Steve Vockrodt: 816-234-4277, @st_vockrodt New York developer Tom Valenti confirmed that Wal-Mart was no longer the key anchor in the 16-acre development on Johnson Drive and Shawnee Mission Parkway. Valenti spoke to the Mission City Council earlier this year. File photo i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Development Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:14 Who kicked this small dog down a flight of stairs? (WARNING: Graphic video) Pause 2:03 See and experience Pompeii in new Union Station exhibit 8:28 KC Star 'New Wave of Hip Hop' group cypher 2:55 Royals' Ian Kennedy serves food at City Union Mission and talks baseball 0:39 Former Negro Leagues star John Donaldson pitching 0:38 KU's Bill Self says opening road trip might have been too long 2:36 Chiefs Daily with Terez Paylor: Jamaal Charles knee surgery 3:47 Refugee children in Kansas City find solace in soccer 2:17 Chiefs' tight end Travis Kelce on his TV dating show 2:39 Clinton makes first public appearance since concession speech Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago Commerce Tower becoming a 'vertical neighborhood' in downtown KC 2:22 2 months ago Commerce Tower becoming a 'vertical neighborhood' in downtown KC 2:25 2 months ago Kemper Arena secured historic designation 2:00 2 months ago Morningstar Youth and Family Life Center opens View more video Development Former Wonder Bread building on Troost headed for a $15 million redevelopment Big office building near Union Station changes hands A Crossroads apartment high-rise, once on the brink of peril, back on track again Neighbors to Nelson-Atkins: Promise you won’t tear down those historic houses Leasing begins for Two Light high-rise being built in Power & Light District Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Xiaomi Mi Box officially launching in the US today for $69 Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 3, 2016 27 shares 19 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               After making its debut way back in May, Xiaomi’s Android TV-powered Mi Box is finally launching in the US. Xiaomi says that the Mi Box will be available today, October 3, from the company’s online store, and orders will begin going out on October 6. It’ll hit Walmart stores and Walmart’s website in “early October.” Pricing for the Mi Box is set at $69. The Xiaomi Mi Box is a 101 x 101 x 19.5mm set-top box that can output at up to 4K 60fps and offers one HDMI 2.0a port, one USB 2.0 port, and SPDIF out/3.5mm out. It’s also got DTS 2.0+ digital out, Dolby Digital Plus, up to 7.1 passthrough, Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, and Bluetooth. The Mi Box’s raw specs include a quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, and 8GB of flash storage. Each Mi Box includes a Bluetooth remote control that supports voice search. A Mi Game Controller will be sold separately. While we still aren’t getting any Xiaomi phones in the US, it’s good to see that Xiaomi’s Mi Box is available to US consumers. Not only does it mean that we’re getting another Xiaomi product in the US, the Mi Box’s launch gives us another Android TV option in a market where there aren’t a ton of choices, and it’s a fairly affordable option, too. Now that the Mi Box is officially launching in the US, will you be buying one? Source:  Xiaomi (PRNewswire) Xiaomi Mi Store Android Android TV Xiaomi Previous ArticleLG Tribute HD arrives at Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile Next ArticleFacebook Marketplace launching inside main FB app to help you sell your stuff Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Don't rush the Galaxy S8, Samsung LG Tribute HD arrives at Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile Microsoft says no Band 3 this year as existing Band disappears from its store Google Pixel and Pixel XL shown in blue in latest image leak View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 6 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 22 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Nearby: Blue Valley Post Shawnee Mission Post - Neighborhood news and events for northeast Johnson County About Obits Events Sports Advertise Local Businesses Columns: Your Home Shawnee Mission Health Update Spaces for Life Mortgage 101 NEJC Chamber Estate Planning KC Facebook Twitter RSS Email Walmart pulls out of Mission Gateway plan; developer pledges to continue pursuing project Posted by Kevin Collison  · October 3, 2016 11:55 am · Comments Tweet A rendering of the entrance to the Mission Gateway Walmart (on the left) submitted to the Mission Planning Commission in January. Walmart has pulled out of the proposed Mission Gateway project, ending nearly five years of controversy over the plan to use the mega-retailer as the anchor for the mixed-use development. Developer Tom Valenti said Monday the decision for Walmart to quit the $190 million project was mutual. Its future involvement, however, already was doubtful after the Mission City Council rejected a project plan containing Walmart in August by a 6-2 vote. FROM OUR SPONSORS: “We’re fully committed to completing this mixed-use project like we were before. We’re in the process of working with other retailers, probably three, that would take the Walmart space.” — Tom Valenti Valenti, whose development firm, the Cameron Group of Syracuse, N.Y., has been pursuing the Mission Gateway project since 2005, vowed he would continue to pursue new tenants to replace Walmart. “We’re fully committed to completing this mixed-use project like we were before,” he said. “We’re in the process of working with other retailers, probably three, that would take the Walmart space.” When Valenti first proposed his redevelopment plan for the 16-acres at the corner of Shawnee Mission Road and Roe Avenue, it included a New Urbanism-style blend of uses: hotel, retail, residential and office served by a central parking garage. But the 2007 recession hampered his search for retailers to make the project, which relied on tax-increment financing and other incentives, work financially. In 2011, he believed he had his answer when Walmart agreed to include a 155,000 square-foot store in the project. The Walmart would be the sales tax “rocket fuel” that would help the other elements of the development come together, he said at the time. But it proved a hard sell in Mission, which had rejected an earlier Walmart proposal for the same location. Valenti attempted to design a Walmart that would blend in with the mixed-used vision for the property. One variation called for a park to be built on top of the store, another included apartments above it. But with a new group of city council members in Mission, some elected specifically because of opposition to Walmart, the August vote apparently was the last gasp for the idea of using the big-box discount chain as the anchor. A site plan had been approved in January after a 4-4 ties was broken by Mayor Steve Schowengerdt. That plan was not likely to get public financing support with the Walmart still part of the mix. Valenti said he will not seek another “super-discount department store” to take Walmart’s place in the development plan. “I’m looking for smaller retailers in the space where Walmart was going,” he said. “All the same uses are planned, retail, residential, hotel and potentially office if we can get a tenant. “The goal would be to use the site plan approved by Mission in January 2016.” Valenti said he informed Mission city officials of his decision last week. “They want to be cooperative and want to see the project move forward and do whatever they can to help,” he said. “For the six who opposed Walmart, they thought it was good.” The developer said he plans to hold community meetings at the Sylvester Powell Community Center the evening of Oct. 13 and the morning of Oct. 14 to get citizen feedback on what comes next. As for his timetable, Valenti said it depends on his success lining up replacement retail tenants. “I don’t want to come back to the city until we have commitments, not necessarily signed leases, but when I feel comfortable,” he said. The developer still believes Walmart would have been a good anchor for his project, but added he understands people’s misgivings about potential security problems and other issues. “I believe Walmart is a great retailer, the number one in the world, and they produce an incredible amount of sales,” he said. “We would have been able to handle well the concerns about security and cleanliness.” Mission Councilmember Debbie Kring, who has been on the council throughout the period the Mission Gateway has been discussed, said she is confident a new plan will move forward. “I have nothing against Walmart, but based on what’s good for the city, the potential for an alternative to Walmart looks very promising,” she said. “That’s prime real estate between Southern Johnson County and the Plaza, I think our community deserves the best and I’m optimistic.” FROM OUR SPONSORS: Comment Categories : Mission Gateway Previous Post Next Post Comments Comments Related Mission Gateway developer gets earful of suggestions at public meeting Walmart plans ‘significant’ investment in Roeland Park store after scrapping Mission Gateway plan Protest period passes for Mission city council’s rejection of Gateway plan Spotlight on Local Moss Printing Founded in 1969, Moss Printing is a locally owned company dedicated to providing top quality, affordable printing, graphic design and advertising services. Our people are expert printers and use state… more. Local Businesses & Organizations Local Business Updates Recent Obituaries Eric William Johnston, 57 Douglas James Russell, Jr., 27 Ira “Bo” East, 90 Frampton Theodore “Ted” Rowland III, 52 James Robin Pyle, 75 Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Zip Code * Tweets by shawmissionpost Follow @shawmissionpost Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (102) October 2016  (167) September 2016  (177) August 2016  (170) July 2016  (141) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (174) April 2016  (173) March 2016  (183) February 2016  (168) January 2016  (148) December 2015  (150) November 2015  (141) October 2015  (161) September 2015  (156) August 2015  (131) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (141) May 2015  (131) April 2015  (148) March 2015  (146) February 2015  (140) January 2015  (142) December 2014  (147) November 2014  (137) October 2014  (168) September 2014  (144) August 2014  (144) July 2014  (151) June 2014  (143) May 2014  (158) April 2014  (149) March 2014  (122) February 2014  (112) January 2014  (115) December 2013  (98) November 2013  (103) October 2013  (114) September 2013  (126) August 2013  (133) July 2013  (113) June 2013  (111) May 2013  (131) April 2013  (115) March 2013  (115) February 2013  (112) January 2013  (112) December 2012  (86) November 2012  (108) October 2012  (117) September 2012  (108) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (84) June 2012  (81) May 2012  (80) April 2012  (69) March 2012  (78) February 2012  (73) January 2012  (79) December 2011  (81) November 2011  (83) October 2011  (84) September 2011  (79) August 2011  (78) July 2011  (71) June 2011  (75) May 2011  (74) April 2011  (73) March 2011  (86) February 2011  (75) January 2011  (69) December 2010  (92) November 2010  (85) October 2010  (78) September 2010  (55) August 2010  (42) July 2010  (59) June 2010  (30) PVPost Home About Events Local Business Directory Advertise on the Shawnee Mission Post CONTACT US Commenting Policy – Privacy Policy © 2016 Post Publishing, Inc. Want to share news with us? Call 913-626-6273 or email stories@pvpost.com. All rights reserved. No photos published on this site may be used without the explicit written permission of Post Publishing, Inc. × Dream. Explore. Discover. Enroll in JCCC classes today.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Inside the multi-million dollar Alabama Walmart deal Walmart file.JPG A Walmart store. (Press Register) By  Christopher Harress | charress@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on October 03, 2016 at 10:08 AM, updated October 03, 2016 at 9:44 PM Print Email A prominent South Alabama attorney who represents the Mobile County Commission is set to receive upwards of $6 million dollars as part of a land deal that will enable retail colossus Walmart to build a distribution center in Alabama.  James Earl Atchison, 72, who owns and runs a law firm bearing his name, will ultimately receive funds put up by the State of Alabama, the City of Mobile, and the Mobile County Commission. Atchison represents the Mobile County Sheriff's Department and his firm does regular work for the county.   During negotiations to get the deal complete, Atchison dealt directly with President of the County Commission Jerry Carl, whose district encompasses the land in question. In an email to AL.com, Atchison said there was no conflict of interest in receiving funds from the county because of the way the deal was structured. Similarly, Commissioner Carl and the county commission's lawyer, Jay Ross, also told AL.com that there was no conflict of interest. "Atchison was just in the right place at the right time," said Ross, who acknowledged that on the surface the deal might raise some concerns. "But if you peel back the layers, you'll see that there is no wrong doing." Christopher Harress  Carl said the deal to buy Atchison's land is part of a $9 million incentive package to attract Walmart to the county, creating 550 jobs in the process and opening up Mobile's port to an increase in shipping traffic and creating further business opportunities. While Atchison, a private attorney, first began representing the commission around 15 years ago, he is not considered a public employee and doesn't fall under the strict criteria contained in the Alabama Ethics laws. Ordinarily, a public official would have to follow strict criteria to take part in such a deal. Atchison personally represents the Mobile County Sheriff's Department and his firm has performed condemnation work inside Carl's district in the past. Condemnation involves seizing private property for public use. Since 2012, Atchison's firm has been paid more than $170,000 for his and his firm's work with the county, according to county finances. Atchison also made two separate donations totaling $1000 in November to Commissioner Carl's recent reelection campaign, according to state campaign disclosures. Atchison also contributed $1000 to County Sheriff Samuel Martin Cochrane's reelection in May 2014. He did not donate to other commissioner's campaigns. The 400 acres near to Theodore was originally bought at auction by Atchison and his brother Leon in 1988. The land previously belonged to the Frito-Lay snack company, and has since been rented out to a local farmer who grows cotton and peanuts. Once the land deal is complete, the property will first be conveyed from Atchison to the privately-held Chamber of Commerce, which can assign its option to buy to City of Mobile's Industrial Development Board (IDB) and then to Walmart, a transfer that will happen within 10 minutes of one another, according to Ross. Ordinarily, the county commission's Industrial Development Association (IDA) would make such deals, but because Atchison receives monthly payments from the county, the city board was asked to step in. "Normally, since it's in the county, it would have been IDA, just based on the pure location, but we changed it to the IDB to avoid the potential for conflict," said Ross. Conveying the land from Atchison to the Chamber of Commerce and then city board also fulfils criteria set forth by Walmart that insists that the company would not buy land from a private entity for tax reasons, said Ross. As part of Walmart's search to build a distribution center in the South, representatives for the company looked at sites in Georgia, Baldwin County, New Orleans and Mississippi, among others, but were attracted to Mobile, said Carl, because of its port and train routes east and north. "I wanted it in my district," said Carl, who added that he personally knows Atchison and held private negotiations with him to obtain the land. "I knew the caliber of jobs available and I knew had people in my district that could benefit the most." Walmart had initially looked at and rejected around 200 acres of Mobile School Board land because it was too small. It was at this point late last year that Atchison's land came into play. After Walmart representatives told Carl they required a larger parcel of land, he told them "Now, I got the place for you," before pulling out the plans and pointing directly at Atchison's 400 acres of land at the intersection of McDonald Road and I-10, which is also located directly inside Carl's district. However, a representative from Atchison's firm wrote in the email that they believe Walmart found the land independently using Google maps before contacting the Mobile Chamber of Commerce to take the deal forward. The Mobile Chamber of Commerce did not respond to calls from AL.com. As part of the negotiations to convince Atchison to part with the land, Carl said that he told him privately that he could command as much as $21,000 an acre. Atchison eventually settled for $15,000 an acre. He said he did not have a conversation with Carl about the price of the land, but told AL.com in the email that he would "certainly entertain an offer for that amount if the current option is not exercised." A tax assessment conducted by the Mobile County Revenue Commission in 2016 lists the fair market value of Atchison's land at around $1.6 million, or $4,000 an acre, significantly less than the price agreed. But it's well known that the county's Revenue Commission has historically undervalued the true value of land in its records. In addition to Atchison's 400 acres, the deal will include less than half an acre of Mobile School Board land, which will be leased for a period of 99 years and a thin section of land adjacent to where Walmart will build, which was gifted to the project for free by the Archer family. The family agreed to give up the land as they will gain access to a new road that the county will build for Walmart, immediately increasing its value and development potential. Walmart has until Oct. 20 to exercise the option on the land, but Carl believes the deal is as good as done given that Walmart has already paid out hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy the crops that currently sit on the land. A quirk in Alabama land law states that land cannot be bought while a farmer's crops occupy it. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections Latest Popular Search Subscribe Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store What It Would Take to Set American Kids Free by Alexandra Lange The Animal Restlessness in Artificial Objects by Max Campbell Has Rudy Giuliani Been Done in by His Own Buck-Raking? by John Cassidy The Cartoon Lounge: Nothing but Net by Robert Mankoff Obama Reckons with a Trump Presidency by David Remnick Donald Trump’s First, Alarming Week as President-Elect by Ryan Lizza Has Rudy Giuliani Been Done in by His Own Buck-Raking? by John Cassidy The Gathering Storm of Protest Against Trump by Evan Osnos Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Subscribe to The New Yorker The World of Business October 10, 2016 Issue Juno Takes on Uber A startup’s business model centers on getting drivers to defect from rival car services. By Sheelah Kolhatkar Juno’s business model centers on getting drivers to defect from rival services. Credit Illustration by Sébastien Plassard The LaGuardia Plaza Hotel is a four-minute drive from LaGuardia Airport, in Queens, and on a recent August afternoon nearly every car parked in the hotel’s lot was black. One after the other, men in shirtsleeves pulled up in Chevy Suburbans and GMC Yukon XLs and gleaming Lexus RS 300s with leather-trimmed seats, got out, then made their way across the marble lobby and up a flight of stairs. A brightly smiling woman approached them as they congregated around a registration desk. “How are you?” she asked each one. “What’s your first name?” She jotted the letters onto a yellow sticky note and worked her way down the line. “Do you have an appointment? Awesome!” The men were black-car drivers, currently working for the ride-summoning companies Uber or Lyft, or both, and they were there, in all likelihood, because another driver had told them that they could get more money, and better treatment, if they signed up to drive for a new rival, Juno. New York City—which has no shortage of ways to get around, from pedicabs to one of the largest public-transportation systems in the world—is just one stage upon which a handful of companies are fighting to dominate the future of personal transportation. Juno has decided that the most effective way to do that is by being extra-nice to the drivers. After the men registered, they were ushered into a waiting room, where draped café tables had been set up with brochures: “How to Be a 5 Star Juno Driver.” Club music was playing. A handful of young Juno employees glided around, speaking in soothing tones. The drivers were soon called by name—“Khaleed?” “Mamadou?” “Julio?”—and brought into another room, where a Juno manager, Lucas Smith, was waiting for them with a laptop and an overhead projector. “Drive Your Future,” the slogan on the screen urged. A pink-skinned forty-year-old in jeans with a bushy red beard and an intense gaze, Smith joined Juno last January. Like several of his colleagues, he was recruited from Apple’s retail division, where he conducted training sessions for Apple-store employees, based on Apple’s carefully designed protocols. In fact, many details of the drivers’ experience had been modelled on the interactions that customers have when they enter an Apple store, from the “concierges” who greeted them to the low driver-to-employee ratio. At first, Smith was put off by the whiff of exploitation that he detected around rising Silicon Valley enterprises such as Instacart, where people buy your groceries for you, and TaskRabbit, where freelancers can underbid one another to take on errands and other jobs. In middle school, Smith told me, he was assigned a book by Ayn Rand. “I remember finishing it, and realizing that I wanted to be the opposite of everything that was in that book,” he said. “Everything about the celebration of selfishness was just anathema.” So he was initially skeptical about Juno. “I’m a super-progressive, and I have incredibly mixed feelings about the ‘sharing economy’ and companies like Uber,” he said. “Rather than creating wealth, they felt extractive. The kind of thing that happens when there’s a bad job market and people don’t have good choices. I try not to talk about our competitors, particularly, but the contrast for all these drivers is a powerful thing. They feel like they helped build other companies in New York, and, you know, as a reward for that, their rates kept getting lower.” The reference to “other companies in New York”—a.k.a. Uber—isn’t incidental. Juno’s business model is to take what Uber has created and appropriate it. Most of what Juno does is predicated on the fact that many drivers feel mistreated by Uber. (Lyft, for various reasons, seems to be less of a target of driver resentment, and is also a less powerful competitor.) If Uber seems cold and impersonal, Juno will smother its drivers with attention. If Uber has raised its commission—the part of each fare that the company keeps—Juno will set a much lower one. From Uber’s perspective, Juno must seem like a hermit crab, taking up residence in a home built by others. In many cases, Uber paid drivers a thousand-dollar bonus to sign up, and gave a thousand-dollar bounty to the driver who referred them. It helped the drivers get their taxi licenses. It built an app, trained consumers to download and use it, and battled regulators across the country. All Juno has had to do is come up with an app that looks and functions just like Uber’s, and hire people like Lucas Smith to persuade those drivers to defect. It was shortly after 3 P.M., and five men entered the room and sat down in a semicircle. Their cell phones were tucked away in their pockets; Smith had their full attention. “The fact that you’re in this room, well, means that you’re a professional,” Smith said. To have been invited, in fact, all of them had to have an Uber rating higher than 4.65 (or a Lyft rating higher than 4.7). “So I don’t need to talk about the basics. When it comes to what makes Juno different, the biggest thing is our focus. That’s behind everything we do. And that’s that Juno is for drivers.” He paused to fiddle with the lights. “We built this company with the idea that listening to the drivers and building a business that puts drivers first isn’t just the right thing to do—although we think it is—and it doesn’t just mean that we’re nice, although I think we are, but that it’s also good business.” Smith moved through his slides and his talking points. The drivers learned that Juno’s commission was ten per cent, “guaranteed for our first twenty-four months.” (Uber typically charges twenty-five per cent or more.) On a slide titled “Example Fare,” a bar chart showed a comparison between an Uber driver and a Juno driver on a thirty-dollar ride: the Uber driver, after commission and taxes and fees, would keep $19.11, while the Juno driver would get $23.61. “For literally the same amount of work, you’re taking home four dollars more,” Smith said. “And that’s on one ride. Think about it on ten, over twenty.” Juno was also offering twenty-four-hour support for its drivers, with a promise that you could always reach a real person on the phone, “not a robot.” Finally, Juno drivers could earn an ownership stake in the company, in the form of restricted stock units. “I think this is a huge deal,” Smith said. “And it’s totally unique.” To qualify, a driver had to drive for at least a hundred and twenty hours a month—approximately thirty hours a week—for twenty-four months out of thirty. The twist was that Juno was offering to count toward this goal the hours that its drivers were working for Uber and other companies, all of it clocked on their dashboard phones. Half of the two billion founding shares of the company had been set aside for this purpose, although they weren’t going to be worth anything unless Juno was bought out by a larger company or had an I.P.O. Smith went on, “Now, once Juno goes public? And is traded on the stock exchange? You’re an owner. You profit from that. You can sell your shares, you can hang on to them. But you’ll profit from the growth of this company.” There were some murmurs of approval among the drivers. “I’ve got those ‘Don’t worry about me, I’ll just be here, all alone’ blues.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon After the presentation, the drivers stood up and looked around. In a few moments, they would be collected by Juno staff members and given new Android phones with the Juno app, and then escorted to their cars, prepared to take Juno rides right away. One of the drivers, a man with gray hair and glasses, told me that he was already driving for Juno. His name was Salim Sarder, and he was there with a friend who was hearing the pitch for the first time. Sarder said that Juno was more attractive on a ride-by-ride basis, but Uber had a lot more volume to offer. It was hard to toggle back and forth between the two while you were driving around, because if you turned down an Uber pickup to take one from Juno your Uber rating might take a hit. One of the many tyrannies of the sharing economy is the need to always keep your rating up.“That’s the thing right now,” Sarder continued. “You get Juno fare, but Uber gets closer—more people available there, you know?” Successful new technology companies are expected to grow quickly, even as they lose money, and Juno’s expansion is almost entirely dependent on how swiftly it can poach drivers from the competition. The more drivers it has online, the shorter the wait times will be for passengers using the service. The shorter the wait times are—the more “liquidity” there is in the system—the more people will be willing to use it. According to Juno, the company has signed up more than fourteen thousand drivers since December. When I spoke to Juno employees in August, they said that they were getting around a hundred and fifty new drivers ready every day. Later, I asked Smith if he could tell what the biggest attraction was for the new drivers they were seeing. The higher commission was a draw, for sure, but he thought that the stock grants were also a big factor. “Hearing drivers talk about the ownership piece completely changes the equation,” Smith said. “I had one guy say—and this might sound made up—but he said he’s been in this country, I think it was, for thirty-two years, and this was the first time he felt like an American. Now, that was super powerful, but it also made me feel a little bit sad. Because I would hope that there’s more to feeling American than just owning the company.” Juno came about when its four co-founders realized that they had a lot of money and not a lot to do. It was October, 2014, and they had just sold their previous company, Viber, which was a competitor to Skype that allowed people to make calls and send texts by mobile phone for free, to a Japanese Internet company for nine hundred million dollars. The only question was what to embark on next. They were obviously “too young to retire,” in the words of Talmon Marco, Juno’s C.E.O. “It’s going to be really boring,” he said to himself at the time, contemplating a future of leisure at the age of forty-one. “We’re gonna sit by the beach all day?” A slender, soft-spoken Israeli with deep-set eyes and thick eyebrows, Marco serves as the public face of Juno, while his three partners run most of the company’s operations from Tel Aviv. As he described how Juno was conceived, Marco was sitting in the company’s U.S. headquarters, an open-plan space on the forty-seventh floor of 1 World Trade Center, with dazzling views of lower Manhattan and a telescope pointed in the direction of the building next door. Although Polaroids of the staff were pinned up on a wall, implying a goofy, collegial office culture, the place was eerily quiet, which was perhaps appropriate for a company that doesn’t actually make anything and has relatively few employees; the drivers are independent contractors. The only real action took place at one end of the room on a large screen. It showed a map of Manhattan and Brooklyn, on which little car icons crawled around the grid like black carpet beetles. The Juno founders knew that they wanted their new venture to serve consumers directly rather than provide a possibly more urgent but less glamorous behind-the-scenes product. “There’s something fun about building something that real people use,” Marco said. “Building something that you can talk to a regular person about and they will understand what it is that you do. If you do a resource-management-optimization algorithm for the back end of some sort of storage, O.K., fine. Great. Go explain that. ‘Hey, babe, how’s it going? I do research optimization.’ ” They briefly considered the online-lending business, but there was no obvious hole for them to fill. There was a lot of negative press at the time about Uber. There had been accusations of several hit-and-run accidents involving its drivers; lawsuits had been filed over the company’s privacy standards; and Uber and its C.E.O., Travis Kalanick, were fighting with regulators around the world over the company’s aggressive approach to entering new markets. There were complaints about Uber’s “surge” policy of charging more when demand was higher. What really stood out to Marco and his colleagues, though, was how disaffected the company’s drivers seemed to be. After launching, in 2010, and wooing drivers to use its network, Uber started cutting the prices it charged riders in some markets and increasing the commission the company took on each ride. In January, 2014, Uber announced that it was reducing fares in sixteen cities, in some places by as much as thirty-four per cent. Partly, this was an attempt to put taxi companies out of business; even public transportation seemed to be under threat when Uber argued that it could be cheaper for a couple of friends to share an Uber than to ride the bus. The company was also engaged in a price war with Lyft. Many people driving for Uber had acquired new cars and were making car payments out of their Uber earnings; suddenly, their incomes were going down. Uber was increasingly popular, but there was still a sense that the company was at war with its own workforce. None of this put off Silicon Valley venture capitalists and other investors, who viewed the company as the transportation equivalent of Amazon. By 2014, investors were valuing Uber at seventeen billion dollars. Meanwhile, the company was solidifying its reputation as an uncaring employer that was hastening the decline of job security—the downside of the “gig” economy. “Do we have an angle?” Marco and his partners kept asking themselves as they read story after story featuring complaints from Uber’s drivers. “Uber drivers are not happy. Uber drivers are not happy. . . . It was like, hey, you know, there might be an opportunity here. Maybe you can get the drivers to switch to you. At the end of the day, this is a service that’s powered by drivers.” Marco and his partners—Igor Magazinik, the company’s chief technology officer; Ofer Samocha, who runs the company’s servers and infrastructure; and Sunny Marueli, the “chief anarchist” and “super-brilliant guy who can do anything” (Marco’s description)—started surveying the driving-people-around market more closely. Most of the drivers working for Uber were also working for Lyft, as well as for any number of smaller competitors. The drivers seemed to have little loyalty to any one company, and the companies—which weren’t offering them health insurance, or even the promise of work beyond what they were doing for the next ten minutes—had no leverage to demand exclusivity. Marco suggests that Juno was an opportunity to counter an injustice in the world: “As the mantra goes, ‘I was young and I needed the money.’ Well, we weren’t as young, and we did not need the money. We were not struggling to make it happen at any cost. We did not struggle to put food on the table. So we had the luxury of choosing to do something that was socially responsible.” From another perspective, though, Juno was simply targeting what the partners reckoned was Uber’s one vulnerability—what a hacker would call an “exploit.” “Uber has two things,” Marco said. “It treats its employees poorly, that’s not that unique. I’m sure there are a lot of Fortune 500 companies, and on their Web sites you’ll read, ‘Our employees are our asset, yada yada,’ but they still go on food stamps. But here’s the thing. Walmart does not let you build, free of charge, or virtually free of charge, a Walmart next to every one of its Walmarts, and then, as its customers slowly show up, you can start taking Walmart’s employees. Walmart still has to pay their salaries. But over time, when you’re looking at the independent-contractor model, you can independently take joint custody over these workers. That’s a unique, if you wish, weakness, in the sharing economy.” He went on, “Look, the sharing economy is fascinating on one end, but, at the same time, without the proper checks and balances, we’re going back to fifteen-year-old textile workers in Brooklyn working eighteen hours a day. The platform controls you, and there’s always going to be somebody willing to do the same work for a penny less. And that model just squeezes everything out of you, out of the lower class. At least until the point in time when they come with the pitchforks.” The social mission had its limits. As Marco and his colleagues had done with their previous company, they were saving money by situating the bulk of their operations, or at least most of the white-collar jobs, in the repressive post-Soviet state of Belarus. It’s much cheaper to hire computer engineers there than it is in the United States. When I asked Magazinik about this, during a video call to Juno’s seventy-person office in Minsk, he was reluctant to say that lower salaries were the reason they were there. He and the other co-founders are based in Tel Aviv, where they all grew up, he said. “In Israel, it’s much harder to create such a big tech team in such a small time—the competition for talent is really hard,” Magazinik told me. But he also acknowledged that they could hire five engineers in Belarus for the price of one in America. The tech stuff wasn’t Juno’s strategic advantage, anyway. “If I was going to compete with Google, I would compete on privacy,” Arun Sundararajan, a professor at N.Y.U.’s business school and the author of the book “The Sharing Economy,” says. “I can’t compete with them on search-engine quality, because they’ve got all the best algorithms. So I compete on something that they can’t respond to easily. With Uber, it’s not quite as clear-cut, but if you look at all the different dimensions of their execution the driver relationship is the weakest, and it’s not one that they can easily correct.” Driver recruitment, which started last December, proved surprisingly easy. Many drivers congregated online in driver forums and WhatsApp chat rooms, and word of the new company quickly spread. The service launched in April as a “closed beta,” which meant that it was still in a controlled-trial stage. In a few weeks, the volume of drivers interested in joining shot up. “We had bookings months out,” Jonathan McPhee, who runs Juno’s recruitment efforts, said. (He likes the title “people leader.”) “We could barely open up enough bookings to satisfy the demand.” Initially, the company was paying the drivers two hundred dollars to come in and listen to Juno’s presentation, and then fifty dollars a week to keep the app running in their cars. Even though there weren’t really any passengers to pick up yet, Juno was able to gather data about the drivers’ traffic patterns through the Juno mobile devices that tracked their zigs and zags around the city. In May, the company moved into “open beta,” meaning that anyone could download the app and start using it if he or she had been invited by a driver. Since then, the company claims that its wait times in Manhattan have become competitive with Uber’s. McPhee says that a driver will often tell him, “I have so much activity, I don’t even need to turn on my Uber app.” The question, then, is how long Juno can sustain its driver-defection strategy against a competitor as well fortified as Uber. When I spoke with Uber’s head of North American operations, Rachel Holt, she told me that the company’s vision is to be “as reliable as running water everywhere and for everyone.” As it pursues that goal, Uber is watching Juno with defensiveness and skepticism. “I’d be very surprised if a ten-per-cent commission is going to continue for a long time, if ultimately a business is there to be sustainable,” Holt told me, sitting with her arms crossed on a couch in Uber’s sleek, fifty-five-thousand-square-foot offices in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The company had thought about the commission a lot, she said, and the economics just didn’t work. She added that Uber had tried to get permission from the Securities and Exchange Commission to give stock options to its drivers, and was told that, as long as the drivers were independent contractors rather than employees, it wasn’t allowed. Indeed, one legal expert I spoke with said that giving restricted stock options to thousands of contractors might pose regulatory problems. “Look, if there’s something we can learn around a different way to approach that, we would love to assess how that works,” Holt said. “If there’s something very compelling in what they’re offering to drivers, we want to continue to learn from that.” Several venture capitalists suggested to me that Uber was now so big and so rich—its estimated worth is close to sixty-eight billion dollars—that it was basically impossible for any new company to dislodge it. In an industry where size and brand recognition are crucial factors, Uber has become a cultural buzzword, conjured by other entrepreneurs pitching their own ideas: the Uber of toothbrush heads, the Uber of car parking, the Uber of pets. Uber is the thing that everyone else wants to emulate, which makes it enormously successful at raising money. The service is available in seventy-two countries, and has raised more than fifteen billion dollars; it is branching out into auto-lending, food-delivery, and courier services. I was repeatedly told that consumers summoning Ubers want their cars to come quickly, and that they don’t really care about the fine print of the drivers’ compensation. Uber had created a kind of moat around itself, and that moat was made of a seemingly limitless supply of investor dollars. Money shielded it from many of the pressures and compromises that a business operating under more normal conditions would face. “It’s a smaller, less destructive nuclear weapon, but it’s also a hat.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon In the first six months of 2016, Uber sustained $1.2 billion in losses, a stunning amount. (Even Amazon never lost as much in so short a time.) In total, according to Bloomberg, the company has lost four billion dollars, almost a quarter of what it has raised from investors. A good chunk of it went into a costly effort to establish itself in China—an effort it recently abandoned. But the company’s ongoing costs are significant. One major expense is bringing drivers into its network, and replacing them when they leave; driving is a “high churn” career. Each time the company goes out to ask for more money, though, investors fight for the opportunity. “With Uber, their disruption was, they really weaponized money,” said Simon Rothman, a partner at the venture-capital firm Greylock Partners, who founded eBay Motors and was an early adviser to Lyft. “Now someone else has to do something equally disruptive, and I don’t know if being nicer and more fair financially with drivers is enough.” Given Uber’s wealth and its backers’ patience, it can subsidize its rides indefinitely. Marco has been meeting with investors—in March, TechCrunch reported that Juno was attempting to raise thirty million dollars—but the funders I spoke with told me that they would not give Juno their money, because its challenges sounded too daunting. By the time the far-off future arrives when investors demand that Uber show an over-all profit, its competitors are likely to have gone out of business. The search for instructive precedents quickly leads to a company called Sidecar, which started in 2011, in San Francisco, as one of the first ride-sharing businesses. Sidecar introduced a number of innovations that were quickly copied by its competitors: having drivers use their own cars; the term “ride-sharing”; giving drivers directions on their smartphones. The company’s co-founder, Sunil Paul, has a patent dating back to 2002 for a technology that seems to underpin the whole industry: a method of sending a signal from a passenger’s cell phone to a central server and then to the closest available driver for a pickup, and of tracking the subsequent ride. Sidecar raised and burned through thirty-nine million dollars, and shut down in 2015; whatever was left was bought by General Motors. “We were the inventors and the innovators,” Paul told me, ruefully. “But it wasn’t enough to overcome the money.” The only companies that could possibly compete with Uber now, he thought, were giants such as Apple and Google. “We got run over by the Uber money truck, in lots of different ways,” Paul said. “I don’t see much hope for a company like Juno, just to be perfectly blunt about it.” After Lucas Smith’s presentation, I joined a Juno specialist named Farhan Noor, who was helping a driver complete the on-boarding process. “This is the driver agreement,” Noor said. “Before we do that, I want to verify your car. We’re driving a 2015?” “It’s a Nissan Pathfinder,” the driver, Jaime Bitar, said. “A Pathfinder, that’s a nice car,” Noor said. Bitar was dressed in a black suit and a patterned tie. He stood in front of a white curtain while Noor took his picture with his iPad. “You should see my Uber photo,” Bitar joked. “I took it in the car.” Noor then pulled accessories out of the kind of black velvet sachet that one might expect to contain a pearl necklace: a ZTE phone, a charging cable, and a dashboard mount. The phone was programmed to display a promotional ad to the passengers in the back of the car: “Save 25% on your next ride. Ask your driver.” This way, while the driver was working for Uber, a customer might ask about the ad, and the driver could send the customer a text message with a link to download the Juno app. (It’s against Taxi & Limousine Commission rules for drivers to solicit their passengers.) Once a new customer took his or her first Juno ride, the driver got a fifteen-dollar bonus. At some point in the future, the likes of Bitar and his Pathfinder may be out of the picture anyway. In 2011, Sebastian Thrun, the founder of the Google X lab, announced at the annual TED conference that self-driving cars would usher in a new world, one where there were no automobile accidents, parking lots, or car-insurance premiums. Since then, a number of major corporations have made serious investments in autonomous vehicles. Nobody knows when such a future might arrive. (Five years? Fifty years? You hear different things.) But everyone in the personal-transportation business is preoccupied with it. In August, Uber revealed that it was going to introduce a small group of self-driving Volvo XC90 S.U.V.s onto the streets of Pittsburgh, although they will still have drivers in the front seat. “I think the opportunity to totally transform the way people transport themselves and goods is just a massive opportunity,” a banking executive who follows Uber closely assured me. “It’s a huge segment of the economy, which is very inefficient. That is why Uber has grown so large so quickly.” He pointed out that Dublin, California, east of Oakland, would be offering taxpayer-subsidized vouchers to its citizens to use on Uber or Lyft rather than spending government money on maintaining some of its public bus lines. “It’s not a matter of if, it’s a matter of when,” Marco said of the driverless era. “With Juno or without Juno, this is going to happen.” He added that with Uber the drivers would just be “deactivated, and thrown away like a used whatever.” Juno might not need them anymore, either, but they’d still have stock ownership in the company. “This is the first time since the industrial revolution when there was a class of workers who are going to have a piece of the future rather than just being laid off,” Marco said. He didn’t mention the prospect that the piece of the future may have no value. A world of driverless cars could pose a far greater threat to Uber than Juno’s kinder-copycat strategy. It could take any number of forms, from a subscription model, where consumers pay an annual fee to have access to an autonomous car whenever they need it, to a system more like Zipcar, where people pay on a per-use basis. Car sharing or fractional ownership could become widespread. Considering the number of possible arrangements, there’s no reason to assume that any of today’s ride-summoning firms will be dominant forces in an era without drivers. There was a time when AOL, the leading service provider in the dial-up era, was expected to own the future of the Internet, just as Blockbuster was expected to dominate video rentals for years to come. When I asked Marco why he was so sure that Juno would still be around, he said, half jokingly, that he had acquired all the wisdom he needed by reading “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy,” by Douglas Adams. “Oh, my God,” he said. “It’s the Bible. Everything is there.” In the novel, the main character reflects at one point that the earth was pretty much ruined by all the cars. His name is Arthur Dent. One of his non-terrestrial sidekicks calls himself Ford Prefect, having concluded, after visiting earth, that cars were the planet’s dominant life form. But Adams’s unflattering view of automotive transport didn’t seem to be what Marco had in mind. I asked Marco to share what he had learned from the book, and he hesitated. “Now you’re putting me on the spot,” he said. After thinking for a few seconds, he went on, “It claims that the math never works in a restaurant, which explains why the bill never adds up.” He wasn’t sure if that was still true, because, he said, he stopped looking at restaurant checks a long time ago—preëmptively handing your credit card to the server saves the five minutes it takes to get the bill, look at it, and send it back with the payment. “It was a very popular book, especially when I was growing up, among geeks in the eighties and nineties,” Marco went on. “You have to ask the founders of Snapchat.” ♦ Sheelah Kolhatkar joined The New Yorker as a staff writer in 2016. More This article appears in other versions of the October 10, 2016, issue, with the headline “The Anti-Uber.” More: Apps Uber Competition Business Drivers Transportation Recruitment Read something that means something Try The New Yorker for only a dollar a week. Subscribe Now. Watch: The rise of the electronic cigarette. Most Popular Obama Reckons with a Trump Presidency By David Remnick Donald Trump’s First, Alarming Week as President-Elect By Ryan Lizza Has Rudy Giuliani Been Done in by His Own Buck-Raking? By John Cassidy The Gathering Storm of Protest Against Trump By Evan Osnos Making America White Again By Toni Morrison Our thirty most popular Where to Go, what to do See our new Goings On About Town, The New Yorker’s online guide to the city’s best in culture, from ballet to bagels. » More From the New Yorker A Reporter at Large Has the Self-Driving Car At Last Arrived? By Burkhard Bilger Elements The Long History of the Fight Against Uber By Om Malik The Political Scene Obama Reckons with a Trump Presidency By David Remnick Daily Comment Donald Trump’s First, Alarming Week as President-Elect By Ryan Lizza Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
MENU STOCK RESEARCH NEWS GLOSSARY Market Commentary Market Data Getting Started Stocks Stock of the Day Market Movers Industries Sectors References ETFs Movers Families References Mutual Funds Movers Families References Investing Bonds Commodities Forex (Currency) Options Real Estate Economy Personal Finance Banking Budgeting Credit and Debt Financial Planning Insurance Taxes Retirement Educational Planning Personal Finance Guide Business Career Dispute Resolution Management Law Contracts English Glossary Spanish Glossary Liberty Media (LMCA) Close to Reaching Deal for 10-15 Percent of Formula One Penn West Petroleum: Buy This Oil Stock Articles > Market Commentary > The Future of Wal-Mart: Here's What to Expect The Future of Wal-Mart: Here's What to Expect It's no accident that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) became the largest retailer in the world. It has over 5,000 retail stores serving more than 260 million people across the globe every week. I believe the following six important strategies will transform the business over time. 1) Improving retail basics Price is definitely a powerful driver for consumers, but consumers from across the income spectrum expect clean and organized stores which stock their desired goods and can complete their shopping swiftly. If a retailer can deliver on all these requirements, consumers will feel good about their shopping and will return to that store frequently. Successful turnaround stories in retail, be it Dollar General Corp. (DG), Home Depot Inc (HD), or Family Dollar Stores, Inc. (FDO) have all been providing consumers with compelling and well-stocked merchandise in well-organized and clean stores. WMT’s initiative on its Clean, Fast, and Friendly scores is a strong step in the right direction. Image by / upload.wikimedia.org It is of greater significance considering the intense competition WMT faces. Management has rightly noted that even though it is not known how to grow a $500 billion per year business, they definitely know how to grow sales at a single store. These strong retail basics will certainly go a long way towards realizing that goal. 2) Continued investment in digital capabilities WMT is attempting to become the largest omni-channel retailer in the US. The company runs its e-commerce operations business from California and not from Bentonville, Arkansas. California is closer to Silicon Valley’s technology and this demonstrates the company’s views on the importance of e-commerce channel to WMT. I believe there is definitely a trade-off as the profitability levels are lower. However the company’s extensive investments in this channel and its willingness to incur over $1 billion in operating loss emphasize the long term importance of e-commerce channel for WMT in the long run. WMT’s online grocery offering continues to get high marks from customers. As it expands, WMT can take advantage of its vast physical footprint and become a market share leader in this growing category. 3) WMT is improving its private brand mix WMT has mixed success in its plans to push more private brands and exclusive relationships. For example, it had to phase out its Price first value brand and oats organic line. Despite this I believe private brand is an area where the company could be more aggressive and thoughtful. Success in private labels would not only help WMT in its competitive positioning against deep discounters (in particular on opening price points in grocery), but also help to subsidize margins. Margins in private labels tend to be several hundred bps higher as compared to nationally branded products. I also believe that efforts in theses segment along with exclusive tie-ups will help sustain demand for its brand and stores. A case in point is Target Corporation (TGT), where its exclusive tie-ups with fashion designers Missoni and Lilly Pulitzer have led to considerable success. WMT concentrates most of its private label efforts in opening price points, but it does not have to be so. A good example would be Home Depot which was able to create several $1 billion brands like Hampton Bay in ceiling fans and patio furniture as the competition is less intense from other national vendors. WMT’s increased focus on private brands, which is intended to defend against the hard discounters growing their store bases in the US. It is clear from company’s recent investment in its Innovation Center that there is a stepped up focus on improving the quality and quantity of private label SKUs. 4) Simplified portfolio Management has shown inclination to re-assess its portfolio as seen by the closure of several hundred stores. I believe WMT needs to further simplify its portfolio. In simple words, it is extremely difficult to be everything for everyone; the larger and more diverse the business, the harder it is to manage. I believe there is still immense scope to further simplify the company’s business. Investors would react positively to company’s more transformative approach like an asset sale or even something less drastic like additional store closures and reduced openings, as simplifying the portfolio could improve financial returns and free up additional cash to be distributed to shareholders 5) Cultural shift One of the hardest things to do is to change a company’s culture. A good example is when Home Depot decided to re-align and go back to its roots of being a customer service oriented company. It was not enough to just tell the store managers and staff to focus more on customer service to induce real change. Home Depot had to block access to online forms that had to be filled during parts of the day and went as far as cutting off e-mail to store managers. Otherwise this was essentially a waste of time for a store manager hanging out behind closed doors instead of being in aisle helping customers. This is an over simplification of the changes that occurred in Home Depot, but it signifies that the company had to think “out of the box” to initiate the changes it desired. Presence of store managers in the aisles helping the customers motivated the front line sales associates in doing the same and the phenomenon became contagious and spread around the store. WMT is making some progress, but a lot more to do. The company has already spent $2.7 billion over last two years as it increased wages to $10 per hour and added department staff. It is difficult to suggest what the company can do to drive behavioral changes, but the management needs to think creatively to alter its culture as was the case with Home Depot. 6) Lower profitability due to high competition Lower profitability is a necessary evil in the renewal process for WMT and its shareholders. The company has already reset its earnings downwards by 15-20% from 2014 levels. This I suspect might not be a onetime reset considering today’s fast-changing retail world. Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) had to go through a similar experience when it reduced its prices and had to accept lower gross margins when it tried re-gain market share against Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and others. Kroger Co (KR) and other legacy grocery competitors have also been forced to consolidate and lower gross margins by over 200 bps to stay competitive. Not drawing a line on the profitability might frustrate investors, but on the flip side it would endanger WMT’s business model. It might lead to WMT being less price competitive, loose the customer service battle and also not sufficiently invest in building digital capabilities. No much upside at current levels WMT shares have only had minor correlations to the market over the last 15 years. WMT’s size (it’s 1.4% of the index) dictates that WMT shares have had at least some modest correlation with the S&P 500 over the last 15 years (correlation of ~0.75), but it’s clear that the link was much tighter in the late 1990s than it has been since. My 12-month price target of $75.05 are based on 16.5x 2016 EPS estimate of $4.55 (mid-point company guidance). This is above the 3-yr average of 14.5x, but the company is coming off a period of heavy investment spending and EPS revisions are starting to move up. What should investors do now? I advise investors to wait for stock to come down at least 5% and enter with long-term perspective. Published on Oct 4, 2016 By kiran Copyrighted 2016. Content published with author's permission. Posted in ... Market Commentary Investing TRENDING ARTICLES Self Assessment Guide For Long-Term Care and LTC Insurance Ruling in Dole Food Co. Case Upholds Shareholder Rights 4 Excellent Ways to Curb “Comfort Spending" Fast Interview Questions to Ask a Lawyer How to Make Money with Money Pre-Approved vs. Pre-Qualified Building the Relationship with a Financial Advisor Here's What Can Cause Another 2008-Like Recession Why You May Be the Only One You Can Trust How to Calculate Free Cash Flow × CITE THIS TERM Page URL: HTML Link: <a href="http://www.investorguide.com/article/20595/future-wal-mart-heres-expect/">The Future of Wal-Mart: Here's What to Expect</a> American Psychological Association (APA): The Future of Wal-Mart: Here's What to Expect. InvestorGuide.com. Retrieved November 18, 2016, from InvestorGuide.com website:
http://www.investorguide.com/article/20595/future-wal-mart-heres-expect/ Chicago Manual of Style (CMS): The Future of Wal-Mart: Here's What to Expect. InvestorGuide.com. WebFinance, Inc. 
http://www.investorguide.com/article/20595/future-wal-mart-heres-expect/ 
(access:November 18, 2016). Modern Language Association (MLA): The Future of Wal-Mart: Here's What to Expect. InvestorGuide.com. WebFinance, Inc. November 18, 2016 
<http://www.investorguide.com/article/20595/future-wal-mart-heres-expect/> Quick Links Stock Research Mutual Funds Personal Finance News Glossary Company Privacy & Legal Advertising Careers Keep in Touch  Facebook  Twitter All data may be delayed by 15+ minutes. © 2016 WebFinance, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Haze68° FULL FORECASTHaze68° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Macdill Trump White House could boost Tampa defense industry, experts say US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Here's why Toys "R" Us is all about Tampa Bay right now Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Polk County inmate located, arrested after stealing county truck, fleeing from jobsite Largo proposes moratorium proposed on marijuana dispensaries Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup After Trump meeting, Scott says 'I'm staying in Florida' Top News Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy Obama gathers key Europe leaders amid questions about Trump (w/video) Treasure Island voters speak loudly on redevelopment measures The Clinton team blames Comey for election loss; Trump team is doing him no favors. Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning tops Sabres Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Role reversals for Clearwater's Jarius Williams and Adarius Lemons Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Deal set to dismiss domestic assault case against Johnny Manziel Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Florida Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) Top News Five ideas for pears: chips, crostini, soup and more From the food editor: Four not-so-traditional dessert ideas for Thanksgiving dinner Nine stuffing recipes for apples, squash and your Thanksgiving turkey 5 things to do under $5: Sand sculptors on Treasure Island, free ferry rides, CraftArt Festival Iberian Rooster brings Portuguese street food to downtown St. Petersburg starting Friday Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Bill Law's strong record at SPC Henderson: Sitting out on any race shouldn't be an election option Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Welcome to McDonald's! May I take your order ... and bring it to your table? Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) U-turns on Roosevelt Boulevard require caution Lorrie Lykins, Times Correspondent Link View all Articles LORRIE LYKINSTampa Bay Times Tuesday, October 4, 2016 4:55pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Since they fixed up the Roosevelt Boulevard and Dodge Street area to accommodate Walmart, we now have a big problem at Dodge and Roosevelt. People are coming up to the light from the west to make U-turns and putting pedestrians and right-hand turners at risk. We desperately need a "No U-turn" sign. Please see what can be done before someone gets hurt or killed there. Related News/Archive Closure of Roosevelt Boulevard flyover in Clearwater further tangles Ulmerton Road traffic 5 Months Ago Dr. Delay: New configuration at Roosevelt Boulevard and Ulmerton Road is temporary 5 Months Ago Construction of elevated lanes on Gandy Boulevard right on schedule 4 Months Ago Joan Bichsel We passed your note along to the state Department of Transportation and Kevin Dunn, traffic services and signing pavement manager looked into this. The DOT studied the intersection and Dunn said last week that they did not find any record so far of U-turn-related crashes involving eastbound traffic moving westbound at Dodge. It's important to note that those making legal U-turns at this location have the right-of-way versus southbound traffic turning right on a red signal. Part of the consideration in weighing whether or not to allow U-turns is the ripple effect such restrictions have on traffic movement and patterns both upstream and downstream of the intersection. In this case it would mean forcing traffic to the next available median opening (basically relocating the issue). Part of the issue here is the likely increased U-turn volume as a result of drivers wanting to avoid the long traffic signal cycle and congestion at U.S. 19. Dunn said this could be the case, but that the cycle length of the traffic signals here needs to be long in order to move traffic effectively through this heavily traveled area. In addition, the Wawa store that opened in this location last year has added to the traffic volume, as does, as we all well know, the winter season and the influx of snowbirds. For now, no changes are planned, but it's worth mentioning that folks should be alert to the increased incidence of U-turns at Roosevelt Boulevard and Dodge Street. Can you provide an update on the construction at 38th Avenue N and 58th Street please? I remember reading it was scheduled to be completed by mid August, but here we are approaching mid October and it doesn't seem to be even close. I have a bet going on that the new Rally station at the corner of 66th Street and 46th Avenue N will be completed sooner. Steven Blanchard The intersection improvement project, which began in late June and has required lane closures, is scheduled to wrap up Oct. 28, according to the latest update provide by Pinellas County Public Works. Keep your fingers crossed. Barricade watch On Park Street at 54th Avenue N, the southbound curb lane is closed, as is the westbound left-hand turn lane, due to repair work to a damaged 36-inch reclaimed water supply line. Pinellas County Public Works cautioned last week that there may be the need to shift traffic lanes and there will definitely be delays as the repairs progress. Work is expected to last until approximately Oct. 21. Email Dr. Delay at docdelay@gmail.com to share your traffic concerns, comments, and questions. Follow @AskDrDelay. U-turns on Roosevelt Boulevard require caution 10/04/16 [Last modified: Tuesday, October 4, 2016 5:22pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 204 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Gil Smart: It's my first hurricane, and I wish it wasn't I'm learning to ride out Hurricane Matthew like a Floridian. Post to Facebook Gil Smart: It's my first hurricane, and I wish it wasn't I'm learning to ride out Hurricane Matthew like a Floridian.  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/opinion/columnists/gil-smart/2016/10/04/gil-smart-first-hurricane-florida/91549696/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Gil Smart: It's my first hurricane, and I wish it wasn't Gil Smart , gil.smart@tcpalm.com 3:52 p.m. EDT October 4, 2016 Wind blows coconut trees during the passage of Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 4, 2016 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. (Photo: AP Photo/Dieu Nalio Chery) 204 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE On Sunday afternoon, I was at the Wal-Mart on U.S. 1 in Port St. Lucie, and I was freaking out. Hurricane Matthew was out there, somewhere, and I needed supplies. Where were the gas cans? Bottled water? Do we have enough flashlights? How about batteries? Is it possible to buy them by the pallet? And yet I was alone. The other shoppers, at that moment, all seemed nonchalant. As if there wasn’t this giant, terrifying storm eyeing us up. There were large stacks of hurricane supplies on display, but they looked untouched. No one appeared to be stockpiling provisions. What’s wrong with these people? Or maybe they’ve seen it all before. After all, all but one of the “spaghetti” models at that point showed the storm staying east of the coast. Sure, things could change. But calm down, ya newbie, wouldja? TCPALM Hurricane Matthew | Live blog By 5 p.m. Monday the track had changed, and my hysteria was validated. Ha! See? The early bird gets the supplies! But wait. Maybe I hadn’t gotten enough. So Tuesday afternoon I hightailed it over to the Home Depot in Stuart looking for another gas can. Fat chance. Instead, I stopped off at Winn-Dixie for some essentials: red wine and fried chicken (don’t ask). Everyone seemed in a good mood as they loaded their carts with bottled water. And I thought: That’s Treasure Coast folks for you — genial even though they might be without air conditioning for the next two weeks. Dear readers, I’ve only been in Florida since December, and this is my first hurricane. In fact, I want to apologize because I feel like maybe I brought it with me. See, in my family there’s this thing called the “Smart luck,” which is to say, there’s no luck whatsoever. It’s entirely in character to move to a beautiful town that hasn’t seen a hurricane in 11 years, only to have one come roaring in on my heels. Indeed, I distinctly remember my mother's reaction when I told her I was moving to Florida. "Florida? They have hurricanes!" she said. Calm down, mother, I said. The Treasure Coast hasn't had a hurricane in more than a decade. So clearly, this is totally my fault. Back in Pennsylvania, at this very moment, mom is freaking out. That’s where I get my propensity to panic; it's genetic. To her credit, she hasn’t called yet. But it’s coming. “WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO???” she’ll ask. Do? Maybe I’ll surf the tidal wave. Barring that, we’ll put up the hurricane shutters, connect the generator as needed and ride this thing out, just like everybody else. Every region of the country has its own natural disasters. California issued an earthquake warning over the weekend. Move to the middle of the country, like Nebraska, and you’re dodging tornadoes. In the Northeast, it’s snow — last winter one storm dumped 35 inches on Pennsylvania. I was here in the balmy sunshine, while my wife and kids, who’d remained up north to sell the house, dug out. In Pennsylvania, you get a major snowstorm coming through and everyone rushes out to buy bread and milk. I was never sure why. What are they going to do, make French toast? (And don’t you need eggs for that, anyway?) But when Mother Nature’s bearing down, there’s no time for logic. Everyone else is buying bread and milk — maybe I should, too! Maybe there’s a time-tested reason people do this! Oh my god, save me some! So what's the local tradition? What am I supposed to be buying for a hurricane? We've got our bottled water, plenty of nonperishable food, everything on the TCPalm.com list. But surely there are other items that you, personally, have found indispensable in hurricane conditions. I mean, besides red wine and fried chicken. I'll admit I'm scared. This is a great unknown for me. Our house was built in 1976. It has been through hurricanes David, Irene, Frances, Jeanne and Wilma. The roof is relatively new. I'm reasonably confident it'll be OK... which, of course, are famous last words. The prospect of an extended power outage in the Florida heat, ugh. That's what the generator is for, though it won't run the air conditioning. We'll see. Which, again, is really all we can do. As I drove along Indian River Drive on Tuesday morning, the sky opened up, a tremendous blue, and it made me wonder how that sky could be so beautiful now, with something so menacing waiting in the wings. A storm like this makes you feel small and it occurs to me that people, mankind, have spent a millennia trying to subdue Mother Nature, and yet here we are, utterly at her mercy. May she be kind to you, and the entire Treasure Coast. Stay safe. Gil Smart is a columnist for Treasure Coast Newspapers and a member of the Editorial Board. His columns reflect his opinion. Readers may reach him at gil.smart@tcpalm.com, by phone at 772-223-4741 or via Twitter at @TCPalmGilSmart. Keep up with the latest updates on Hurricane Matthew at TCPalm.com/weather. 204 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/opinion/columnists/gil-smart/2016/10/04/gil-smart-first-hurricane-florida/91549696/ More Stories Poll: Should Florida lawmakers boost higher-education funding by $1 billion? Nov. 17, 2016, 11:21 a.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 18, 2016, 8:43 a.m. Thumb up: Opening up schools' social studies books Nov. 17, 2016, 4:28 p.m.
null
null

null
null

Sheriff: Pregnant woman charged with possession - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2016 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Biker Dad Blog 2016 Mid-South Heart Walk Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Sheriff: Pregnant woman charged with possession 2016-10-04T14:24:49Z2016-10-04T14:26:15Z By Eddie Robertson, Reporter Email Connect erobertson@wdam.com Tiffney Dement. Source: JCSD JONES COUNTY, MS (WDAM) - A pregnant Jones County woman was charged with possession after she was caught selling pills in a Walmart parking lot, according to the sheriff.  Jones County sheriff deputies received a tip that Tiffney Dement, 32, or Laurel, would be attempting to sell 20 hydrocodone pills in the parking lot of Walmart in laurel.  When investigators arrived they found Dement walking through the lot with something in her hand.  Investigators approached her and asked her what she was doing. According to the sheriff, Dement said she lost her car and was looking for it, even though she was standing right beside it.  She admitted to having 20 loose hydrocodone pills on her, and told investigators she was taking the tabs to her car because they were "melting" inside of the store.  Dement was arrested and then transported to the Jones County Sheriff's Department. During the interview, she admitted to attempting to sell the pills at the store and said she had stolen them from her grandmother.  Dement also admitted to deputies that she had used methamphetamine, marijuana and hydrocodone with the last week. Dement is six months pregnant.  She was charged with felonious child abuse and possession of a controlled substance with the intent to deliver.  She is expected to be in court Tuesday for her initial appearance.  Copyright WDAM 2016. All rights reserved.  News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 9:26 AM EST2016-11-18 14:26:48 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:56 AM EST2016-11-18 12:56:23 GMT (Source: MPD) Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger. More >> Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger.More >> SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 6:45 AM EST2016-11-18 11:45:54 GMT It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo!  More >> It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo! More >> Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-18 05:27:42 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >> A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >> Lawsuit filed against sheriff after prolonged problems at county jail Lawsuit filed against sheriff after prolonged problems at county jail Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:14 PM EST2016-11-18 04:14:54 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The Shelby County Sheriff has been served with papers. He was hit with a lawsuit by Just City.   More >> The Shelby County Sheriff has been served with papers. He was hit with a lawsuit by Just City.  More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 9:26 AM EST2016-11-18 14:26:48 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. More >> Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president.More >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. More >> Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral.More >> Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. More >> A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring.More >> Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  More >> A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis. More >> Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. More >> For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing.More >> MS woman going to prison for attempting to profit off burning death of Jessica Chambers MS woman going to prison for attempting to profit off burning death of Jessica Chambers Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 3:03 PM EST2016-11-17 20:03:42 GMT Source: WLBT archives 41-year-old Janet Lee Posey pleaded guilty Monday to one count of false pretense.  Posey was sentenced to 10 years in prison, with three of those years suspended, leaving seven years to serve.More >> 41-year-old Janet Lee Posey pleaded guilty Monday to one count of false pretense.  Posey was sentenced to 10 years in prison, with three of those years suspended, leaving seven years to serve.More >> Suspect in custody, Southern University no longer on lockdown in shooting that sent 1 to the hospital Suspect in custody, Southern University no longer on lockdown in shooting that sent 1 to the hospital Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:00 AM EST2016-11-18 13:00:54 GMT Source: WAFB Southern University reported a suspect is in custody and the campus is no longer on lockdown after a shooting Thursday night that left one person injured. More >> Southern University reported a suspect is in custody and the campus is no longer on lockdown after a shooting Thursday night that left one person injured.More >> news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. More >> Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Nearby: Blue Valley Post Shawnee Mission Post - Neighborhood news and events for northeast Johnson County About Obits Events Sports Advertise Local Businesses Columns: Your Home Shawnee Mission Health Update Spaces for Life Mortgage 101 NEJC Chamber Estate Planning KC Facebook Twitter RSS Email Walmart plans ‘significant’ investment in Roeland Park store after scrapping Mission Gateway plan Posted by Kevin Collison  · October 4, 2016 8:00 am · Comments Tweet The Walmart in Roeland Park has been at that location for 20 years. Walmart’s decision to drop out of the Mission Gateway plan and reinvest in its Roeland Park store was hailed Monday as “the most exciting news in years” by that city’s mayor. “It certainly provides us a whole lot more assurance we won’t be losing that tax money,” said Roeland Park Mayor Joel Marquardt. FROM OUR SPONSORS: A Walmart spokeswoman said the company plans to make a “significant capital investment” in the store at 5150 Roe Ave. Work is expected to begin in early 2017. “We expect to do a more intensive remodeling not just paint and new fixtures,” said Delia Garcia. “We’ll be modernizing to align with our current branding.” The store will remain open during construction, Marquardt said. Walmart has been at its current Roeland Park location for 20 years and is a major source of revenue for the city, responsible for an estimated $700,000 in sales tax each year between it and businesses it influences. Ever since the possibility of the store relocating to Mission Gateway was raised five years ago, city officials have been preparing for the potential loss to its budget. The city council in 2013 approved a property tax increase that was intended to compensate for the loss of Walmart revenues. It projected a 35 percent loss of sales tax revenue in 2018 and 40 percent loss in 2019. Even after Walmart agreed to extend its lease at 5150 Roe another five years last May, officials said they were continuing to operate under the assumption it ultimately would be gone. Now, Jodi Belpidio, one of the owners of the property where Walmart is located in Roeland Park, believes the door may be open again to pitch the retail giant on expanding at the site. “We have over the years offered to allow them to expand, but there’s been so much movement in Walmart real estate it never went anywhere,” Belpidio said. “Hopefully it might be considered now. “They needed to take Gateway as far as they could before they could reach out to us.” The property controlled by Belpidio and her partners where Walmart is located also includes a CVS pharmacy, a retail strip mall and a Taco Bell. Garcia said the current 112,000 square-foot store in Roeland Park limits what her firm can do with the space, including expanding its grocery offerings. The store proposed for Mission Gateway would have been 155,000 square-feet. “The Roeland Park store will continue to be a Walmart discount store and not the super store as planned for Mission,” she said. As for prospects for another super store location, Garcia responded, “we’re always looking for opportunities to better serve our customers.” Belpidio described the news of Walmart remaining as good for Roeland Park and Mission. Tom Valenti, the Mission Gateway developer, said his firm is searching for potentially three retailers to occupy the space that had been set aside for Walmart. “It’s awesome,” Belpidio said. “We’d love to see them spruce up the place and reinvest, it’s been neglected while they were trying to figure out Gateway. This is good for everyone.” FROM OUR SPONSORS: Comment Categories : Mission Gateway, Roeland Park Previous Post Next Post Comments Comments Related No Thanksgiving Day trash pickup in Roeland Park, Merriam, Leawood and Overland Park next week Roeland Park reviews street work completed over past year, looks toward continued improvements in 2017 Roeland Park looking for help to stand out in the crowd Spotlight on Local Town & Country Heating and Cooling Town & Country Heating and Cooling is a tiptop heating and air conditioning company serving northeast Johnson County and beyond. If you’ve given up on finding an HVAC contractor that… more. Local Businesses & Organizations Local Business Updates Recent Obituaries Eric William Johnston, 57 Douglas James Russell, Jr., 27 Ira “Bo” East, 90 Frampton Theodore “Ted” Rowland III, 52 James Robin Pyle, 75 Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Zip Code * Tweets by shawmissionpost Follow @shawmissionpost Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (102) October 2016  (167) September 2016  (177) August 2016  (170) July 2016  (141) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (174) April 2016  (173) March 2016  (183) February 2016  (168) January 2016  (148) December 2015  (150) November 2015  (141) October 2015  (161) September 2015  (156) August 2015  (131) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (141) May 2015  (131) April 2015  (148) March 2015  (146) February 2015  (140) January 2015  (142) December 2014  (147) November 2014  (137) October 2014  (168) September 2014  (144) August 2014  (144) July 2014  (151) June 2014  (143) May 2014  (158) April 2014  (149) March 2014  (122) February 2014  (112) January 2014  (115) December 2013  (98) November 2013  (103) October 2013  (114) September 2013  (126) August 2013  (133) July 2013  (113) June 2013  (111) May 2013  (131) April 2013  (115) March 2013  (115) February 2013  (112) January 2013  (112) December 2012  (86) November 2012  (108) October 2012  (117) September 2012  (108) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (84) June 2012  (81) May 2012  (80) April 2012  (69) March 2012  (78) February 2012  (73) January 2012  (79) December 2011  (81) November 2011  (83) October 2011  (84) September 2011  (79) August 2011  (78) July 2011  (71) June 2011  (75) May 2011  (74) April 2011  (73) March 2011  (86) February 2011  (75) January 2011  (69) December 2010  (92) November 2010  (85) October 2010  (78) September 2010  (55) August 2010  (42) July 2010  (59) June 2010  (30) PVPost Home About Events Local Business Directory Advertise on the Shawnee Mission Post CONTACT US Commenting Policy – Privacy Policy © 2016 Post Publishing, Inc. Want to share news with us? Call 913-626-6273 or email stories@pvpost.com. All rights reserved. No photos published on this site may be used without the explicit written permission of Post Publishing, Inc. × Dream. Explore. Discover. Enroll in JCCC classes today.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Mi Box Android TV now avialable on Xiaomi’s official website By Ida Torres - October 4, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter A few days ago, a Walmart employee may have accidentally placed Xiaomi’s Mi Box on sale, as it was not supposed to be officially released until this month. Well, that is now official (and hopefully they didn’t get fired) as the Xiaomi official website is now carrying the device, and you can get it for, as expected, below $100. For just twice the amount of a Chromecast at $69, you now get your own Android TV device to watch your videos on a larger screen. Because of that mistake and also various leaks and rumors, we basically know a lot about the Mi Box already. It is powered by a quad-core ARM processor and has 2GB of RAM and 8GB of internal storage but can be expanded through a USB flash drive. It has an HDMI port that can output 4K video at 60fps to your TV. It comes with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box. It also comes with a slim remote control that has a built-in microphone so you can order your Mi Box around through voice controls, kind of what the Apple TV does. It will also be selling a separate game controller because one of the joys of having an Android TV box is that you can play games as well on a larger screen, and you can even play against or with your friends. The Xiaomi Mi Box is now available for purchase on the official website for just $69. It will start shipping out by October 6. You can also just wait for it to be available at local retailers, since Walmart obviously will have it soon. SOURCE: Xiaomi TAGS accessories Android Mi Box Xiaomi Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,413FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,474FollowersFollow 59,555SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Staff Photographer App-based home health provider Honor opens pilot locations in D-FW Filed under Health Care at Oct 4 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Sabriya Rice, Business of Healthcare Reporter Connect with Sabriya Rice On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now An app-based home health provider called Honor entered the Texas market Tuesday with the official opening of its first pilot sites, located inside two Wal-Mart Supercenters in Dallas-Fort Worth.  Honor uses app-based technology to link patients in need of non-medical home health services to local providers. The startup aims to reduce the administrative cost of providing home health care and allow for more competitive pay among providers. The founders have described the service as the Uber of home health. The company launched in the San Francisco Bay area and in Los Angeles in early 2015 and announced plans to expand to D-FW earlier this year. Related Link: App-based home health provider plans to enter D-FW market In August, Honor gained $42 million in Series B funding led by Thrive Capital, a venture capital investment firm focused on internet and software products.  To date the company has raised $62 million in venture capital funding, which it plans to use to expand operations. The first pilot locations in Texas are inside Wal-Mart Supercenters on Tarrant Parkway in North Richland Hills and U.S. Highway 287 in Arlington.  Consumers can visit those sites to try out the app and receive free in-store consultations on their home care needs.  Honor home-health staff demonstrate use of the company's app, which the company's founders have described as the Uber of home health. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News) Staff Photographer They can also schedule a more detailed in-home assessment for $39.99, which will be applied to care hours if the individual decides to move forward with using the service. Care provided through Honor is considered to be “non-medical,” and therefore is not reimbursed by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.  Non-medical home care often includes things like bathing, meal preparation and housekeeping. Medicare does, however, reimburse for services such as occupational therapy, intravenous injections and rehabilitation, which are provided in the home by licensed medical professionals. Spending on those services reached $83.2 billion in the U.S. in 2014, most of which was paid by the federal health insurance provider.  There are more than 2,600 certified agencies that can offer home care to Medicare patients in Texas. To cut down on fraud, the CMS announced earlier this year that it will be testing a new payment structure in five states, including Texas.  The start date for that rollout remains undetermined.  Based on a similar demo launched in Illinois in August, the CMS said additional education efforts may be needed before expansion to the other states. Related link: Texas home health care providers will soon face extra scrutiny to prevent fraud Honor said it is too early to discuss opening additional locations but said more are possible. "We are finding that many Wal-Mart families who stop in are caregivers with older adults living in the home," said Kathryn Parsons, general manager of Honor DFW.   The intent of the pilot sites is "to be a convenient stop where the local community can come learn how to help their loved ones stay healthy and safe as they age in their own homes," she said. Honor is also seeking to hire "hundreds" to join its workforce and fill vacant sales and aide positions in Dallas, Tarrant, Denton and Collin counties.  Wages are expected to be “higher than industry average,” starting at about $13 an hour in North Texas for a full-time home care aide, the company told The Dallas Morning News.   View Comments Tags Health Care Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Nearby: Blue Valley Post Shawnee Mission Post - Neighborhood news and events for northeast Johnson County About Obits Events Sports Advertise Local Businesses Columns: Your Home Shawnee Mission Health Update Spaces for Life Mortgage 101 NEJC Chamber Estate Planning KC Facebook Twitter RSS Email Pulse of Northeast Johnson County: With Walmart out, what do you want to see as anchor for Mission Gateway Posted by Jay Senter  · October 4, 2016 6:00 am · Comments Tweet Walmart has pulled out of the Mission Gateway project. Developer Tom Valenti’s announcement to the Shawnee Mission Post on Monday that Walmart had pulled out of the long-stalled Mission Gateway project could mark a major turning point for the development. A contentious point for many in the neighborhood, Walmart’s presence at the site was also seen as problematic for Roeland Park, which stood to lose its Walmart store when the new one opened. Now, Valenti says, he’s looking for smaller retailers to fill the space that Walmart had planned to occupy. FROM OUR SPONSORS: Which retailers would you like to see sign on to the project? FROM OUR SPONSORS: Comment Categories : Prairie Village Previous Post Next Post Comments Comments Related Prairie Village artist Bill Rose hits home run depicting the Royals World Series run Northeast Johnson County morning roundup Proceeds from picture book to support Bo Macan Spotlight on Local Social Suppers Prairie Village Social Suppers is a company founded by two busy moms looking for relief from dinner time stress. Social Suppers was created so that families could have a great meal at… more. Local Businesses & Organizations Local Business Updates Recent Obituaries Eric William Johnston, 57 Douglas James Russell, Jr., 27 Ira “Bo” East, 90 Frampton Theodore “Ted” Rowland III, 52 James Robin Pyle, 75 Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Zip Code * Tweets by shawmissionpost Follow @shawmissionpost Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (102) October 2016  (167) September 2016  (177) August 2016  (170) July 2016  (141) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (174) April 2016  (173) March 2016  (183) February 2016  (168) January 2016  (148) December 2015  (150) November 2015  (141) October 2015  (161) September 2015  (156) August 2015  (131) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (141) May 2015  (131) April 2015  (148) March 2015  (146) February 2015  (140) January 2015  (142) December 2014  (147) November 2014  (137) October 2014  (168) September 2014  (144) August 2014  (144) July 2014  (151) June 2014  (143) May 2014  (158) April 2014  (149) March 2014  (122) February 2014  (112) January 2014  (115) December 2013  (98) November 2013  (103) October 2013  (114) September 2013  (126) August 2013  (133) July 2013  (113) June 2013  (111) May 2013  (131) April 2013  (115) March 2013  (115) February 2013  (112) January 2013  (112) December 2012  (86) November 2012  (108) October 2012  (117) September 2012  (108) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (84) June 2012  (81) May 2012  (80) April 2012  (69) March 2012  (78) February 2012  (73) January 2012  (79) December 2011  (81) November 2011  (83) October 2011  (84) September 2011  (79) August 2011  (78) July 2011  (71) June 2011  (75) May 2011  (74) April 2011  (73) March 2011  (86) February 2011  (75) January 2011  (69) December 2010  (92) November 2010  (85) October 2010  (78) September 2010  (55) August 2010  (42) July 2010  (59) June 2010  (30) PVPost Home About Events Local Business Directory Advertise on the Shawnee Mission Post CONTACT US Commenting Policy – Privacy Policy © 2016 Post Publishing, Inc. Want to share news with us? Call 913-626-6273 or email stories@pvpost.com. All rights reserved. No photos published on this site may be used without the explicit written permission of Post Publishing, Inc. × Dream. Explore. Discover. Enroll in JCCC classes today.
null

Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Deals & Promotions Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Security Cam - $99 w/ code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. facebook twitter link email Outsmart Burglars with SimpliSafe: From Just $229.96 The burglars of today are ready for almost anything, but they've met their match with SimpliSafe. Each package is a thoughtfully-assembled security arsenal. It uses technology designed by a Harvard-educated engineer. It's so reliable, it received CNET's Editor's Choice Award. Packages starting from just $229.96. facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $199.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. facebook twitter link email Sonus Faber Pryma 1 Closed-Back Headphones - $499.99 High style and legendary Sonus Faber engineering combine together to create some of the finest headphones you can buy in the under-$1000 category. facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. facebook twitter link email Rosewill 4-Liter Stainless Steel Electric Hot Water Dispenser - $50 Dual, electric and cup dispense, three temperature settings, stainless steel shell and inner pot and dry-boil protection. Select 'White' to get sale price. facebook twitter link email Bose SoundTouch Wireless Starter Two-Pack - $349.95 The SoundTouch 10 x 2 Wireless Starter Pack is the easiest way to stream your music with full, rich sound to more than one room. facebook twitter link email Sony MDR-1A Headphones - $298 Super-comfort, clarity and listenability combine to make an already excellent headphone even better. CNET 4.5 Star rating. facebook twitter link email Onkyo RZ800 7.2 Network A/V Receiver - $649.99 Major bang for your bucks. 135-watts per channel, WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplay, Dolby Atmos, three-zone / three-source output and incredible sound for music and movies. facebook twitter link email Canon EOS Rebel T6i Kit w/ 18-55 Lens - $749 The perfect 'all-around' DSLR combines performance with excellent usability. Kit includes lens, memory card, camera bag and more. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Security Cams & Systems Now 20-Percent Off! From indoor and outdoor Full HD security cams to Network Video Recorders and systems, Amcrest provides complete security solutions for your Home or Business Needs. Enjoy 20% off on these select products. facebook twitter link email Bose QuietControl 30 Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones - $299.95 Lightweight, exceptionally comfortable, great sounding Bluetooth headphones let you set just the right amount of noise cancelling that sounds best. facebook twitter link email Spock Million Dollar Bill - $4.99 What's better than a million dollars? A million Spock dollars! Collectible million dollar bill in currency holder featuring classic Spock and crew images. facebook twitter link email Yujin eX500 Smart Vac & Mop Robot - $379 2-in-1, extremely quiet and powerful robot vacuum and mop with advanced camera recognition and navigation, V-type brush design for better cleaning and a slim "fits everywhere" design. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Hex 'Super-Wide' Indoor WiFi Security Cam - $74.99 Stunning, Full-HD, 960p (1.3MP) video quality at 30fps with a super-wide 140 degree viewing, two-way audio and night vision up to 32 feet. facebook twitter link email IDrive: Click - Protect Your Data, Documents and Memories - $6 Lose the worry! It's as easy as 1-2-Click to backup and protect all your data on all your devices. Get 1TB for 1-year of military-encrypted backup and top flight customer service. facebook twitter link email Cheapskate Deals Rick Broida has been wheeling and dealing and writing about deals for a long time now. See what Rick is touting today, and get in on the best deal action around. facebook twitter link email 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Previous Next Most Popular Deals View by: Popularity Popularity Date All deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software TelevisionsCategories: All deals facebook twitter link email This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping As one of its daily deals, That Daily Deal offers a This Is Your Life Poster for $9.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our September mention, $30 under a similar one today, and the lowest total price we've seen. It measures 18" x 24". Deal ends today. Of note, it's available as a 24" x 36" poster for $12.99 or as a 24" x 34.5" canvas for $19.99, each with free shipping. from That Daily Deal / $10 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $8.88 with free shipping. ( Amazon charges the same; although it's currently on backorder.) Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.97 shipping charge. That's $12 off list and the lowest price we could find. It keeps fuel fresh for up to 24 months during storage. from Walmart / $9 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece for $12 + free shipping w/code VISAFRIDAY Today only, Lyons Golf via Rakuten offers the Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece in 18 colors (Asphalt Grey pictured) for $21.99. Check out via Visa Checkout and apply coupon code "VISAFRIDAY" to cut that to $11.99. With free shipping, that's the lowest total price we could find by $10. It comes in sizes S to XL. from Rakuten / $12 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Refurb Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB Phone for $275 + free shipping Guarantee Cellular via eBay offers the refurbished Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB No-Contract GSM Smartphone in Silver or Gold for $274.99 with free shipping. That's $124 under our refurb mention from April and the lowest total price we could find. (It's also $225 less than the best price we could find for a new one.) No warranty information is provided. from eBay / $275 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Porter-Cable 20V Max 4-Tool Combo Kit for $132 + free shipping w/code C20SHOPEARLY Ending today, CPO via eBay offers the Porter-Cable 20-volt Max 4-Tool Combo Kit, model no. PCCK616L4, for $164.99. Check out via PayPal and apply coupon code "C20SHOPEARLY" to cut that to $132. With free shipping, that's $28 under our July mention and the lowest total price we could find by $27. It includes a two-speed drill/driver, a 5-1/2" circular saw, a compact reciprocating saw, and two 20-volt batteries. from eBay / $132 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email 3-Piece Comforter Sets at Macy's for $18 + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's offers a selection of 3-Piece Comforter Sets (Arrow 3-Piece Comforter Set pictured) for $17.99 each. Pad your order with a beauty item (prices start at $4) to receive free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $9.95. (You can also spend $25 or more to qualify for free shipping.) That's a savings of $62 for each set, although we saw a similar selection priced at a buck less in September. They're available in twin, full/queen, and king, although not in all size/style combinations. Each set include a comforter and two shams. (Twin sets have just one sham.) Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $18 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Pan/Tilt Wifi Security Camera - $99 w/ code w/code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. $99 Expires in 6 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Cookware Set for $30 + free shipping Macy's offers the Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Stainless Steel Cookware Set for $29.99 with free shipping. That's $90 off list and the lowest total price we could find. It includes a 1.5-quart saucepan, 2.5-quart saucepan, 5-quart stockpot, 9.5" sauté pan, 8" fry pan, flower steamer, large spoon, slotted turner, pasta server, and four lids. Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $30 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping Gearbest offers the iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner in White for $97.99 with free shipping. (Choose "US-LA" as the warehouse option to see this price.) That's tied with our mention from a week ago, $147 off list, and the lowest total price we could find. It features a schedule function, two side brushes, double HEPA filtration, multiple cleaning modes, smart sensors, and a remote control. from GearBest / $98 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Nike Crewneck Shirts at Dick's Sporting Goods from $8 + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes an extra 50% off select Nike crewneck shirts, as listed below. (Add items to your cart to see this discount.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Deal ends November 19. The shirts, with prices after discount: Nike Men's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Women's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Men's Crewneck Long Sleeve Shirt for $10 (pictured, $10 off) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $8 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to 65% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and sports gear as part of its Black Friday Now Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, select items take $10 off for every $50 you spend. (A $30 maximum applies.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. (Large items carry additional handling charges.) Several exclusions apply. A couple of best bets: Gerry Women's Rena Insulated Jacket for $89.99 $99.99 ($110 off) Top Flite 2016 XL 13-Piece Complete Set for $149.98 (low by $30) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $150 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GearXS Apple Clearance Event: Up to 81% off + free shipping GearXS takes up to 81% off a selection of Apple laptops, desktops, and accessories, with items starting at $29.99, during its Apple Clearance Event. Plus, all items bag free shipping. from GearXS / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Clarks at ShoeBuy: Up to 50% off + coupons + free shipping w/code EMLNOVTIERED ShoeBuy takes up to 50% off a selection of Clarks men's and women's shoes. Even better, take an extra $20 off orders of $60 or more, $30 off or $80 or more or $40 off $120 or more via coupon code "EMLNOVTIERED". Alternatively, take an extra 25% off via coupon code "Hellofall16". (Codes don't stack.) Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Deal ends November 19. from ShoeBuy / Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sphero Star Wars BB-8 App Controlled Droid - $129.99 This IS the Droid you're looking for! $130 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Micro-iCAN Special Edition Headphone Amp - $229.99 The fabulous i-CAN upgraded with higher-quality components, extended bass and greater clarity. This is a serious headphone amp at a limited time, super low price. $230 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Nano-iDSD PCM/DSD/DXD Battery Powered USB DAC - $144.99 You don't need to spend a lot to get a great, all-format, high-res, battery-powered USB DAC. Now save even more for a limited time only. $145 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GoPro HERO5 Black 12MP Rear Touchscreen Waterproof Camera - $399.99 Super-compact GoPro is the easiest to use yet. Take stunning 4K video and 12MP photo in Single, Burst, and Time Lapse modes. Plus Voice Control, GPS and more. $400 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email R2-D2 Lunch Kit w/ Lights and Sound - $13.59 Super-cool lunch kit for your young or old Star Wars fan. 100-percent PVC free with Peva lining and high-quality foam insulation to keep the cold, cold and the hot, hot. $14 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Mr. Potato Head Spudtrooper - $11.04.04 Includes 8 character costume pieces and 5 classic Mr. Potato Head accessories. $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Millennium Falcon 7-Color Table and Desk Lamp - $39.95 7 different color modes show off your Millennium Falcon to best advantage. Power by USB or wall outlet. $40 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic 50-inch x 60-inch Soft n' Cozy Throw - $10.59 Super-soft, super-plush and super-cozy throw with classic images for fans $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic Peel And Stick Wall Decals - $8.80 Pack of 31, Made In the USA, Star Wars classic decals are easy to apply, removable and repositionable and leave no sticky residue $9 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email NFL Shop Outlet: Up to 70% off + free shipping w/code NFLSHIP NFL Shop takes up to 70% off outlet items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, coupon code "NFLSHIP" bags free shipping sitewide. (Shipping usually adds a flat $5.99.) Some exclusions may apply. A couple of best bets: Forever Collectibles Women's New York Giants Gloves & Scarf Set for $19.99 ($16 off) Pro Line Men's Green Bay Packers Green Square Up Long Sleeve T-Shirt for $19.99 (pictured, $16 off) from NFL Shop / $20 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $169.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. $170 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. $1200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. $200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 Most Popular Deals categories All Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software Televisions IDrive: Military-Encrypted Online Backup - 1TB / 1-Year $6 Don't let your data, documents and precious moments become just a memory! Shop Now Deal ends Feb 28, 2017 1 of 1692 NEXT / PREV Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! APPLE NEWS For Apple's iPhone SE, new iPad Pro, small is the new big A more petite iPhone and a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro stretch out Apple's family of products. The goal: to convince you it's time to trade up. SEE ALL THE NEWS © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Deals & Promotions Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Security Cam - $99 w/ code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. facebook twitter link email Outsmart Burglars with SimpliSafe: From Just $229.96 The burglars of today are ready for almost anything, but they've met their match with SimpliSafe. Each package is a thoughtfully-assembled security arsenal. It uses technology designed by a Harvard-educated engineer. It's so reliable, it received CNET's Editor's Choice Award. Packages starting from just $229.96. facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $199.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. facebook twitter link email Sonus Faber Pryma 1 Closed-Back Headphones - $499.99 High style and legendary Sonus Faber engineering combine together to create some of the finest headphones you can buy in the under-$1000 category. facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. facebook twitter link email Rosewill 4-Liter Stainless Steel Electric Hot Water Dispenser - $50 Dual, electric and cup dispense, three temperature settings, stainless steel shell and inner pot and dry-boil protection. Select 'White' to get sale price. facebook twitter link email Bose SoundTouch Wireless Starter Two-Pack - $349.95 The SoundTouch 10 x 2 Wireless Starter Pack is the easiest way to stream your music with full, rich sound to more than one room. facebook twitter link email Sony MDR-1A Headphones - $298 Super-comfort, clarity and listenability combine to make an already excellent headphone even better. CNET 4.5 Star rating. facebook twitter link email Onkyo RZ800 7.2 Network A/V Receiver - $649.99 Major bang for your bucks. 135-watts per channel, WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplay, Dolby Atmos, three-zone / three-source output and incredible sound for music and movies. facebook twitter link email Canon EOS Rebel T6i Kit w/ 18-55 Lens - $749 The perfect 'all-around' DSLR combines performance with excellent usability. Kit includes lens, memory card, camera bag and more. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Security Cams & Systems Now 20-Percent Off! From indoor and outdoor Full HD security cams to Network Video Recorders and systems, Amcrest provides complete security solutions for your Home or Business Needs. Enjoy 20% off on these select products. facebook twitter link email Bose QuietControl 30 Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones - $299.95 Lightweight, exceptionally comfortable, great sounding Bluetooth headphones let you set just the right amount of noise cancelling that sounds best. facebook twitter link email Spock Million Dollar Bill - $4.99 What's better than a million dollars? A million Spock dollars! Collectible million dollar bill in currency holder featuring classic Spock and crew images. facebook twitter link email Yujin eX500 Smart Vac & Mop Robot - $379 2-in-1, extremely quiet and powerful robot vacuum and mop with advanced camera recognition and navigation, V-type brush design for better cleaning and a slim "fits everywhere" design. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Hex 'Super-Wide' Indoor WiFi Security Cam - $74.99 Stunning, Full-HD, 960p (1.3MP) video quality at 30fps with a super-wide 140 degree viewing, two-way audio and night vision up to 32 feet. facebook twitter link email IDrive: Click - Protect Your Data, Documents and Memories - $6 Lose the worry! It's as easy as 1-2-Click to backup and protect all your data on all your devices. Get 1TB for 1-year of military-encrypted backup and top flight customer service. facebook twitter link email Cheapskate Deals Rick Broida has been wheeling and dealing and writing about deals for a long time now. See what Rick is touting today, and get in on the best deal action around. facebook twitter link email 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Previous Next Most Popular Deals View by: Popularity Popularity Date All deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software TelevisionsCategories: All deals facebook twitter link email This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping As one of its daily deals, That Daily Deal offers a This Is Your Life Poster for $9.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our September mention, $30 under a similar one today, and the lowest total price we've seen. It measures 18" x 24". Deal ends today. Of note, it's available as a 24" x 36" poster for $12.99 or as a 24" x 34.5" canvas for $19.99, each with free shipping. from That Daily Deal / $10 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $8.88 with free shipping. ( Amazon charges the same; although it's currently on backorder.) Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.97 shipping charge. That's $12 off list and the lowest price we could find. It keeps fuel fresh for up to 24 months during storage. from Walmart / $9 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece for $12 + free shipping w/code VISAFRIDAY Today only, Lyons Golf via Rakuten offers the Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece in 18 colors (Asphalt Grey pictured) for $21.99. Check out via Visa Checkout and apply coupon code "VISAFRIDAY" to cut that to $11.99. With free shipping, that's the lowest total price we could find by $10. It comes in sizes S to XL. from Rakuten / $12 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Refurb Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB Phone for $275 + free shipping Guarantee Cellular via eBay offers the refurbished Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB No-Contract GSM Smartphone in Silver or Gold for $274.99 with free shipping. That's $124 under our refurb mention from April and the lowest total price we could find. (It's also $225 less than the best price we could find for a new one.) No warranty information is provided. from eBay / $275 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Porter-Cable 20V Max 4-Tool Combo Kit for $132 + free shipping w/code C20SHOPEARLY Ending today, CPO via eBay offers the Porter-Cable 20-volt Max 4-Tool Combo Kit, model no. PCCK616L4, for $164.99. Check out via PayPal and apply coupon code "C20SHOPEARLY" to cut that to $132. With free shipping, that's $28 under our July mention and the lowest total price we could find by $27. It includes a two-speed drill/driver, a 5-1/2" circular saw, a compact reciprocating saw, and two 20-volt batteries. from eBay / $132 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email 3-Piece Comforter Sets at Macy's for $18 + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's offers a selection of 3-Piece Comforter Sets (Arrow 3-Piece Comforter Set pictured) for $17.99 each. Pad your order with a beauty item (prices start at $4) to receive free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $9.95. (You can also spend $25 or more to qualify for free shipping.) That's a savings of $62 for each set, although we saw a similar selection priced at a buck less in September. They're available in twin, full/queen, and king, although not in all size/style combinations. Each set include a comforter and two shams. (Twin sets have just one sham.) Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $18 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Pan/Tilt Wifi Security Camera - $99 w/ code w/code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. $99 Expires in 6 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Cookware Set for $30 + free shipping Macy's offers the Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Stainless Steel Cookware Set for $29.99 with free shipping. That's $90 off list and the lowest total price we could find. It includes a 1.5-quart saucepan, 2.5-quart saucepan, 5-quart stockpot, 9.5" sauté pan, 8" fry pan, flower steamer, large spoon, slotted turner, pasta server, and four lids. Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $30 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping Gearbest offers the iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner in White for $97.99 with free shipping. (Choose "US-LA" as the warehouse option to see this price.) That's tied with our mention from a week ago, $147 off list, and the lowest total price we could find. It features a schedule function, two side brushes, double HEPA filtration, multiple cleaning modes, smart sensors, and a remote control. from GearBest / $98 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Nike Crewneck Shirts at Dick's Sporting Goods from $8 + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes an extra 50% off select Nike crewneck shirts, as listed below. (Add items to your cart to see this discount.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Deal ends November 19. The shirts, with prices after discount: Nike Men's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Women's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Men's Crewneck Long Sleeve Shirt for $10 (pictured, $10 off) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $8 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to 65% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and sports gear as part of its Black Friday Now Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, select items take $10 off for every $50 you spend. (A $30 maximum applies.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. (Large items carry additional handling charges.) Several exclusions apply. A couple of best bets: Gerry Women's Rena Insulated Jacket for $89.99 $99.99 ($110 off) Top Flite 2016 XL 13-Piece Complete Set for $149.98 (low by $30) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $150 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GearXS Apple Clearance Event: Up to 81% off + free shipping GearXS takes up to 81% off a selection of Apple laptops, desktops, and accessories, with items starting at $29.99, during its Apple Clearance Event. Plus, all items bag free shipping. from GearXS / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Clarks at ShoeBuy: Up to 50% off + coupons + free shipping w/code EMLNOVTIERED ShoeBuy takes up to 50% off a selection of Clarks men's and women's shoes. Even better, take an extra $20 off orders of $60 or more, $30 off or $80 or more or $40 off $120 or more via coupon code "EMLNOVTIERED". Alternatively, take an extra 25% off via coupon code "Hellofall16". (Codes don't stack.) Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Deal ends November 19. from ShoeBuy / Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sphero Star Wars BB-8 App Controlled Droid - $129.99 This IS the Droid you're looking for! $130 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Micro-iCAN Special Edition Headphone Amp - $229.99 The fabulous i-CAN upgraded with higher-quality components, extended bass and greater clarity. This is a serious headphone amp at a limited time, super low price. $230 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Nano-iDSD PCM/DSD/DXD Battery Powered USB DAC - $144.99 You don't need to spend a lot to get a great, all-format, high-res, battery-powered USB DAC. Now save even more for a limited time only. $145 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GoPro HERO5 Black 12MP Rear Touchscreen Waterproof Camera - $399.99 Super-compact GoPro is the easiest to use yet. Take stunning 4K video and 12MP photo in Single, Burst, and Time Lapse modes. Plus Voice Control, GPS and more. $400 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email R2-D2 Lunch Kit w/ Lights and Sound - $13.59 Super-cool lunch kit for your young or old Star Wars fan. 100-percent PVC free with Peva lining and high-quality foam insulation to keep the cold, cold and the hot, hot. $14 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Mr. Potato Head Spudtrooper - $11.04.04 Includes 8 character costume pieces and 5 classic Mr. Potato Head accessories. $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Millennium Falcon 7-Color Table and Desk Lamp - $39.95 7 different color modes show off your Millennium Falcon to best advantage. Power by USB or wall outlet. $40 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic 50-inch x 60-inch Soft n' Cozy Throw - $10.59 Super-soft, super-plush and super-cozy throw with classic images for fans $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic Peel And Stick Wall Decals - $8.80 Pack of 31, Made In the USA, Star Wars classic decals are easy to apply, removable and repositionable and leave no sticky residue $9 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email NFL Shop Outlet: Up to 70% off + free shipping w/code NFLSHIP NFL Shop takes up to 70% off outlet items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, coupon code "NFLSHIP" bags free shipping sitewide. (Shipping usually adds a flat $5.99.) Some exclusions may apply. A couple of best bets: Forever Collectibles Women's New York Giants Gloves & Scarf Set for $19.99 ($16 off) Pro Line Men's Green Bay Packers Green Square Up Long Sleeve T-Shirt for $19.99 (pictured, $16 off) from NFL Shop / $20 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $169.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. $170 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. $1200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. $200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 Most Popular Deals categories All Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software Televisions IDrive: Military-Encrypted Online Backup - 1TB / 1-Year $6 Don't let your data, documents and precious moments become just a memory! Shop Now Deal ends Feb 28, 2017 1 of 1692 NEXT / PREV Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! APPLE NEWS For Apple's iPhone SE, new iPad Pro, small is the new big A more petite iPhone and a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro stretch out Apple's family of products. The goal: to convince you it's time to trade up. SEE ALL THE NEWS © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS

DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18907.07 0.02%   S&P 500 ▲ 2186.59 -0.02%   Nasdaq ▲ 5335.33 0.03%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 7/32 yield 2.280%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.66 0.53%   Euro ▲ 1.0602 -0.23%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In VW to Slash Up to 30,000 Jobs in Broad Overhaul Chipotle, William Ackman Near Settlement Over the Board Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence Former Executives Accused in Fraud Against Valeant DraftKings and FanDuel Agree to Merge Europe Inc. Is Poised for a Rebound The Numbers For Hotels, Online Reviews Affect the Bottom Line Shipping Tycoon Angelicoussis Expects Trump Bump, Not Trade War South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Abercrombie Profit Tumbles Amid Rebranding Efforts China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Meet the Billionaire Behind the New Bass Pro/Cabela’s Empire John Morris built outdoor-goods chain from small lure and bait business started in father’s liquor store By Imani Moise Updated Oct. 3, 2016 3:52 p.m. ET John Morris started selling lures and bait out of the back of his father’s liquor store in Springfield, Mo., in the early 1970s because he was dissatisfied with the tackle sold at nearby shops. He turned that small business into a chain of nearly 100 Bass Pro Shops megastores with roughly 20,000 workers, and made himself into one of America’s richest men along the way. According to Forbes, he has a net worth of $3.9 billion and... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes LA Auto Show: Five Things to Watch Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles U.S. Prosecutors Charge Former Valeant, Philidor Executives Yellen Says Rate Rise Could Come ‘Relatively Soon’ as Data Point to Stronger Economy Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 59°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Geneva Jensen Published: Monday, Oct. 3, 2016 1:45 p.m. CST WALNUT — Geneva A. Jensen, 75, of Walnut died Monday morning, Oct. 3, 2016, at her home. Born Nov. 11, 1940, in Taylorville, she was a daughter of Orville and Sarah (Clark) Grant. She attended grade school in Edinburg and graduated from Ohio High School in Ohio, Ill. She married Willard “Bill” Jensen on July 8, 1967, in Walnut. He preceded her in death on April 12, 2007. She had worked at Harper-Wyman in Princeton, Walnut Manor Nursing Home, Empire Level Co., Walmart in Sterling and transferring to the Princeton Walmart where she retired. She was a member of St. John Catholic Church in Walnut. She had served as a past Cub Scout den mother in Sheffield and Walnut. She was a member of the Sterling Women of the Moose and chairwomen of Mooseheart for two years, and a past member of the Walnut Chamber of Commerce. Survivors include her sons, Douglas (Brenda) Jensen of Bureau and Willard “Bill“ (Linda) Jensen of New Bedford; two daughters, Dixi Hill of Walnut and Donna (Kevin) Scanlan of Tampico; three sisters, Doris (Gene) Maxedon, Gladys Hanson and Maxine Hughes; two brothers, Fred (Julia) Grant and Clarence (Mary) Grant; and seven grandchildren, Austin (Katie), Natasha, Savanah, Cody, Evan (Katelynn), Riley and Caden. Geneva was preceded in death by her husband; a grandson, Chad Alan Hill; four sisters, Mary Dyer, Laverne Simpson, Barbara Quickle and Alberta Willis; and a brother, Steve Grant. A gathering of friends and family will take place from 10 to 11 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 5, at the Garland Funeral Home in Walnut. A memorial service will follow at 11 a.m. at the funeral home with the Rev. Thomas Shaw, pastor of St. John the Evangelist Catholic Church in Walnut, officiating. Burial will conclude at Walnut Cemetery. More News Lois Anderson NEW: Nov. 18, 2016 - 8:31 am Carol RogersNov. 17, 2016 - 12:17 pm Peter DeFreezerNov. 16, 2016 - 3:37 pm Lee DankenbringNov. 16, 2016 - 1:20 pm Marion BertrandNov. 16, 2016 - 10:22 am Pamela HanichNov. 15, 2016 - 1:50 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 3 GOOG: 772.56 -4.73 Xiaomi starts selling its Mi Box Android TV for $69 Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Xiaomi Mi Box View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We already knew pretty much everything there is to know about Xiaomi’s new Mi Box Android TV thanks in part to one Walmart that accidentally put it on the shelves early, but now you can officially get one for yourself. Announced back at Google I/O 2016, the Mi Box is now available on Xiaomi’s official website for — yes, you guessed it — $69… The Mi Box features Android 6.0 Marshmallow, a quad-core ARM processor, 2GB of RAM, 8GB of expandable (via USB) storage, and an HDMI port which can output 4K video at 60FPS. The box will ship with a slim remote that includes a microphone for voice commands (a la Apple TV) and Xiaomi will also be selling a controller for gaming. Just a few of weeks ago, a report suggested that the box would be coming at some point in October for a price less than $100, and indeed it has. On the box that we saw on the shelf at Walmart last week, we also learned — besides confirming the $69 price point — that the device comes with $76 in offers and a free HDMI cable. Not a bad deal for twice the price of a Chromecast. You can grab the Mi Box on Xiaomi’s site right now, and it ships out on October 6th. Clearly, though, it’s going to be available at a wide variety of retailers soon, so you might be able to grab one quicker if you go check the shelves at your local brick-and-mortar stores (so far, we only know of Walmart). One person who managed to nab one at Walmart a week early already made a hands-on video: Guides Xiaomi Mi Box View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Xiaomi Launches Mi Box In The U.S. For $69 By Adnan Farooqui on 10/03/2016 10:19 PST Xiaomi unveiled the Mi Box Android TV set-top box earlier this year at Google I/O 2016. The company didn’t confirm pricing and availability information about this device back then but recently a Walmart location actually started selling the set-top box even before it was formally released. Xiaomi has formally released the Mi Box in the United States today at an attractive price point of $69. Xiaomi Mi Box is available for purchase starting today for $69 via Mi.com as well as through Walmart. It’s one of the only truly affordable Android TV set-top boxes that are available for purchase right now. It’s a pretty capable set-top box. The Mi Box has support for content streaming in 4K UHD resolution at 60 frames-per-second as well as HDR and DTS/Dolby surround sound. Internal storage is only 8GB but it can easily be expanded externally. The Mi Box is powered by Android TV which means it can run all of the apps and games that are available on the Google Play Store for Android TV. Customers will never be pressed for content or games on Google’s smart TV platform. Customers will receive several incentives for picking up the new Xiaomi product. They will receive $50 in Sling TV credit, a 3 month subscription to Pandora as well as a $5 Vudu credit. The incentives are worth more than the set-top box itself combined so it’s a pretty good deal. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about android tv and Xiaomi. Related Articles 2016-11-09 Xiaomi Launches $22 Pair Of Bluetooth Headphones 2016-11-04 First Batch Of Xiaomi Mi Mix Handsets Sell Out In 10 Seconds 2016-11-02 Xiaomi Launches An Air Purifier And Portable Air Quality Monitor 2016-11-02 Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Reportedly Sells Out In 50 Seconds 2016-11-01 A Dropped Xiaomi Mi Mix Is Exactly How You Think It Looks Like 2016-09-25 Xiaomi Mi Box Price Revealed By Walmart 2016-09-06 Xiaomi Android TV Set-Top Box Release Expected Next Month For Under $100 2016-05-22 Xiaomi Mi Box Streams 4K And Runs Android TV Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics ANF AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Walmart Stores, Inc.’s Future is Bright (WMT) Walmart looks confidently towards the e-commerce future Oct 3, 2016, 12:00 pm EST  |  By , Zacks Investment Research     A prudent investment decision involves buying stocks that offer solid prospects and selling those that appear risky. Again, at times it is rational to hold certain stocks that have enough potential but are weighed down by tough market conditions. These stocks rally as soon as the market enters into a correction mode. Here we have discussed one such stock, Walmart Stores, Inc. (WMT) with expected long-term earnings per share growth rate of 3.39% and a VGM Score of “A”. Walmart’s stock price history reveals that the company hasn’t been a disappointment in a long time. This is quite prominent from the 20.3% surge in the company’s shares on a year-to-date basis. We believe that this rally has been driven by Walmart’s impressive earnings history and solid growth strategies. Starting with the company’s past performance, we note that it has recorded positive comps at Walmart U.S. for the past eight quarters, after delivering negative comps since the third quarter of fiscal 2013. Traffic improved for seven consecutive quarters, backed by the company’s efforts to modernize its stores to boost traffic. Traffic was also driven by a moderate improvement in consumer spending. Further, Walmart’s efforts to change its stores to suit consumers’ demand helped it attract some shoppers. In fact, the retailer continues to expect positive comps year over year at Wal-Mart U.S. in fiscal 2017. 7 Make-or-Break Earnings Reports Coming in October During the last reported second-quarter fiscal 2017, both its earnings and revenues exceeded the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Revenues increased 0.5% owing to an improvement in comps, but earnings declined year over year. WALMART STORES Price and Consensus WALMART STORES Price and Consensus | WALMART STORES Quote Despite posting better-than-expected results, we note that Walmart is facing several challenges. The company is exposed to intense competition on all fronts, from dollar stores to traditional grocery store chains and online business. Its international operations are also under pressure with a stronger dollar eating into sales. Walmart also expects to incur huge eCommerce expenses over the near term, as management continues to invest in its eCommerce business. The company’s focus on eCommerce will in turn lower profit margin potential, given the shipping costs and price competition involved in it. Walmart has also pledged to invest worth $2.7 billion on raising employees’ wages and giving them extra training in fiscal 2017. Under the initiative, the company had increased its minimum wage to $9 an hour in April 2015, and to $10 per hour in February 2016. The initiative of paying higher wages is expected to help reduce turnover and increase retention. The company will also improve its customer service and this should ultimately encourage shoppers to spend more. However, it will further raise the expense burden on the retailer. Higher labor costs, along with the company’s efforts to overhaul its stores and invest in its online operations, will weigh on earnings. Nevertheless, it is encouraging to note that the company is making efforts to understand the evolving needs of its customers to regain their confidence, and thus boost sales. The decision to close 269 small-format Express outlets in Jan 2016 was one such initiative to streamline the chain. The retail giant also aims to expand its online business through acquisitions. Recently, it completed the acquisition of eCommerce company, Jet.com, Inc., which marked a huge step forward in its quest to dominate e-commerce king, Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN). The company has updated its fiscal 2017 guidance to reflect the acquisition of Jet.com. Wal-Mart now expects its earnings in the range of $4.15−$4.35 per share, up from $4.00−$4.30 expected earlier. Twitter Inc May Actually Get a Deal Done After All (TWTR) Walmart is also in talks to invest in India’s largest eCommerce firm, Flipkart Online Services Pvt. in order to expand in the fast-growing online retail market and grab market share in the country. Apart from acquisitions, Walmart has also launched its own mobile payment system called Walmart Pay. This allows shoppers to pay through its existing smartphone app. Last month, Wal-Mart inked an agreement with CommerceHub, a leading distributed commerce network for retailers and brands, to expand its existing partnership. Bentonville, AR-based Walmart is also aggressively trying to get a share of online grocery delivery, a booming industry. The largest grocer in the U.S. is already expanding its online order options to offer grocery deliveries within two days for a $49 minimum annual fee through its ShippingPass eCommerce subscription program. The program competes with Amazon’s Prime service, which costs $99 annually. It has also partnered with ride hailing services, Uber and Lyft for speedy online grocery deliveries. Moreover, it intends to roll out drones in the near term for product deliveries to Wal-Mart facilities as well as to consumer homes. We expect the aforementioned factors to help this Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company to sustain its strong momentum and stay afloat even amid difficult times. Hence, we suggest investors to hold on to the stock as the rest is a wait-and-watch story. Stocks that Warrant a Look Some better-ranked stocks in the retail sector include Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) and L Brands Inc (LB), each carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Big Lots has an average earnings beat of 8% in the last four quarters and estimates have witnessed an uptrend in the last 60 days. L Brands has to its credit a favorable surprise trend, with an average beat of 8.64% in the trailing four quarters and estimates have moved up in the last 60 days. Confidential from Zacks Beyond this Analyst Blog, would you like to see Zacks’ best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report AMAZON.COM INC (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report WAL-MART STORES (WMT): Free Stock Analysis Report BIG LOTS INC (BIG): Free Stock Analysis Report L BRANDS INC (LB): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research More From InvestorPlace 7 High-Dividend Stocks to Buy ASAP 8 Dividend Stocks That Make the Grade Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/wal-mart-wmt-appears-bright-should-you-hold-the-stock/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Don’t Give up on Twilio Stock Just Yet! Is the Trump Boost Over for BAC Stock? Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals The Lumineers breeze through set of folk pop on beautiful Arkansas night By Kevin Kinder ·   October 3, 2016  The Lumineers / All photos: Kevin Kinder There’s no such thing as a long song by The Lumineers. In three, maybe four minute bursts of pop music slathered with down-home folk, the Colorado band entertained a full house at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion on Saturday night. And by full, I mean FULL – the ushers, as they do sometimes for the largest shows at the venue, condensed groups who had already claimed chunks of space on the lawn into tighter areas. There’s always an attempt to squeeze a few more bodies into the space. I don’t think this concert sold out on the day it went on sale. I might be wrong about that, but I seem to remember a few tickets floating around. As the date neared, that certainly changed. Tickets were sold at a premium over face value. Social media posts begged for extra tickets. What happened in the space between? Their songs happened. Or, more specifically, their new album, full of a new crop of potential hits, happened. Next at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion Who: Korn and Breaking Benjamin When: 6 p.m. Oct. 15 Where: Arkansas Music Pavilion, Rogers Cost: Starting at $29.50 Tickets: Call 479-443-5600 or visit arkansasmusicpavilion.com for information. We’ve watched this kind of phenomenon before, even from The Lumineers. Two months after their debut album was released, the original trio performed at the Wakarusa festival (R.I.P., Wakarusa). Their set took place early in the afternoon on the small Backwoods Stage, capacity 500 or so. This was far from a coveted spot on the bill. If you count the people hanging around in hammocks barely paying attention to the proceedings onstage, there were maybe 200 people at the show. Maybe. I suspect there were fewer. I have some insight on this because I was one of those lucky few in attendance. The Lumineers mentioned that set last night during their headlining performance at the AMP. They said they were happy to be back in the area. So what happened after that concert? About the same time, radio found their ear-worm of a future hit, “Ho Hey.” It turned into the surprise hit of the summer. The Lumineers suddenly found themselves a hot commodity. Fast forward four years and the 10,000 or so capacity AMP couldn’t contain their fans. Likewise, the new song “Ophelia” gets played every hour on the hour, more or less, on a wide variety of radio format types. Live, The Lumineers stayed mostly true to their studio recordings, making only subtle changes to the formula they’ve made work on two albums. There was a not-so-thinly veiled addition of the phrase “Vote for her” in the song “Big Parade,” a reference to the current national presidential election. Lead singer Wesley Schultz also made reference to the small crowds that so very recently were the norm for the band. Midway through the set, the band left their post for an auxiliary stage built in the center of the venue. They played three songs there. It certainly was exciting for people in the lawn to get a little better look, but it wasn’t a major departure from what the band offered the rest of the evening. There’s a bit of a formula to a Lumineers song – fast strummed guitar, a flourish of tambourine and cello. Schultz led the proceedings, whether with his guitar, charmingly gruff voice or the interludes where he described the background of a few of the songs. Hearing him open up about the songs added some heft into an otherwise light evening, which also featured the band doing an ultra-uptempo version of the already fast Bob Dylan song “Subterranean Homesick Blues.” They may have waited four years between albums, but they didn’t mess around on stage. The band crammed 20 songs into 90 minutes of stage time, assisted by backing musicians and the glow of large chandeliers. They closed the night with the song “Stubborn Love” from their first album. Through being stubborn, The Lumineers have turned themselves into something sturdy, if not flashy, and big, even when they attempt to be small. A note about the openers: Rock band Borns, which carries the name of frontman Garrett Borns, performed in Northwest Arkansas previously as well. The band came early this year to the Springtime of Youth festival, operated by the University of Arkansas and its student-run Headliner Concerts Committee. Borns drew a sizable crowd itself and offered a cover-heavy set including takes on Elton John’s “Bennie and the Jets,” David Bowie’s “Heroes” and Arcade Fire’s “Rebellion (Lies).” He closed with his two biggest originals, “American Money” and raucous “Electric Love,” which was the first moment of rapture for an audience that looked to have many during the evening. Rayland Baxter, from Nashville, had the honor of kicking things off. Baxter and his band sounded like the AM radio-ready tracks of Wilco filtered through the sensibilities of Baxter’s current town. In other words, I liked it. I’ll spend a little more time with his songs in the future.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Daily News Updates Sign up for a simple once-a-day email with headlines and excerpts to all of the previous day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click here to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Archives Legal Contact Us © 2007-2016 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How You Can Save Money on Healthcare These money-saving tips can take some of the sting out of skyrocketing healthcare costs. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Oct 3, 2016 at 9:42AM Soaring healthcare premiums are taxing workers, and skyrocketing drug prices are causing financial insecurity for retirees. Is there anything Americans can do to curb their healthcare spending? In this episode of The Motley Fool's Industry Focus: Healthcare podcast, analyst Kristine Harjes is joined by contributor Todd Campbell to discuss how employees and retirees can lower their healthcare bills. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Sept. 28, 2016.  Kristine Harjes: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast the dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Sept. 28. I'm your host, Kristine Harjes, and calling in to rainy Fool HQ in Alexandria, Va., is Motley Fool healthcare writer, Todd Campbell. Welcome, Todd! Todd Campbell: Hi! I'm calling in from rainy New Hampshire. It's a gloomy, gray day everywhere. Harjes: It is. Before we get into today's show, I wanted to thank today's episode's sponsor. This podcast is brought to you by Pearl Auto, which makes wireless rearview cameras for your car that retrofit around your license plate and sync with your smartphone so that you can drive more safely. Check it out at pearlauto.com/fool, and get free two-day shipping applied at checkout. This product is basically a set of rearview cameras that fit around your license plate, and it syncs with your smartphone. I got to try it out earlier this week on the Foolmobile, which is actually a thing. It was actually really useful. I felt way safer using it. Soon, rearview cameras are actually going to be mandatory on all new cars. But with Pearl Auto, you don't have to buy a whole new car to drive safely. Today, we want to do a very practical episode about how to save money on healthcare costs. It's somewhat of an intersection between personal finance and healthcare. I figured we would start with some general tips on lowering expenses, and then go into talking about some different insurance strategies, whether you're still working or you're retired. Let's start with the most basic question -- why talk about healthcare expenses and saving money there? Campbell: I'm really excited about this show, because I think, we tend to dive into different drugs and medications and the business end of things on this show, and this is an opportunity for us to reach out to our listeners and say, "Listen, we recognize how expensive healthcare is, in terms of insurance, premiums, the cost of care, drugs, etc. We want to make sure we're offering to you whatever tips we can to help you stretch your dollar further, so you don't face issues of financial security once you've reached your golden years." In preparation for this show, I went back and took a look at basic statistics. They're pretty scary, Kristine. Harjes: I bet. What did you find? Campbell: For one, the average person is running into retirement with just barely over $100,000. But averages can be very misleading, because maybe you have very few people with a lot of money, and maybe that's skewing that number higher. You have to remember that a significant percentage of people are heading into retirement with less than $20,000. That's just simply not going to be enough if you suffer an injury, or you face some sort of healthcare crisis, like cancer, for example. If you look at bankruptcy statistics, 3% of all bankruptcies are from cancer alone. But three of five bankruptcies are caused by medical bills. So, Americans are having to pay more and more money every year for healthcare. How do you prepare for that? Harjes: Exactly. One of the things I saw in my research is that the average couple turning 65 today will spend $250,000 on healthcare in their retirement, which sounds like a lot, and it is, but the statistic that startled me even more is that the average person that's 10 years away from retirement will spend an estimated $464,000 on healthcare in retirement. Campbell: Right. We'll talk about this later on, but that doesn't even include long-term care. Harjes: Exactly, yeah. There are so many different things to consider. And while, as you pointed out earlier, a lot of times on this show we talk about blockbuster drugs bringing in so much revenue, we're kind of putting ourselves on the opposite side of the table today, and saying, as a consumer of these potentially very expensive drugs and insurance plans and everything that goes along with healthcare, how can you save more money and hopefully be able to use that money to invest in some of the companies that come up on this show? Getting into the nitty-gritty, the first thing I want to start with is shopping around. This is so important for every single aspect of healthcare. We'll talk later about shopping around for insurance options, but let's start with shopping around for the medications and drugs you need. Campbell: Yeah. People are probably going to be pretty surprised, but there's a very wide range of prices that you can pay for prescription medicine depending on where you get it filled. The price that you might pay at a CVS might be very different, for example, than the price that you could pay or a Costco or a Wal-Mart, depending upon that drug. So, it's very important for consumers to think about what medications they're regularly getting filled, are they generics or brand-name drugs, and if they're generics, especially, make sure you check out those big-box retail stores. Places like Wal-Mart and Target and even some supermarkets have deals where they offer prescriptions for less than $5 on many generic drugs. So, there's some significant savings that can be accomplished that way. There's a website, actually, called GoodRx, which allows you to search by where you live and find out different prices of medications with in your area. That can be helpful as well. Sometimes they have coupons, too, on that site. Harjes: And if you're not taking a brand name, find out if there is a generic. That's step one. Campbell: Yeah, ask the question. If you've been on a certain brand of medication for a long time, there's a potential that there's going to be a generic out there. Harjes: Right, it could have come off patent. Campbell: Yeah. The price savings alone could be tremendous -- 80% to90% for typical generic drugs. If you take a high-cost biologic medicine, too, you may soon be able to request a biosimilar. They're not exact replicas of those brand-name drugs, but they work very similarly to them. The FDA is getting much more willing to approve those drugs. Those could offer savings, too, I think 30% to 40%. Harjes: Right, that's what they're estimating. You mentioned Costco. Before we totally abandon that name, I just found this out -- apparently Costco's pharmacy is open to non-members. Campbell: Anybody can go. Harjes: That is pretty awesome. I know for a fact that most of my family gets their prescription medications from Costco because it is significantly cheaper. And I always thought, it's because they're members. But no, anybody can go in there. Campbell: Yeah, anybody can go in there. Call around, you can reach the pharmacies and say, "I need to get this filled, how much will it cost me?" They'll tell you. There's other things that you can do to reduce your costs of prescription drugs as well. You can get a 90-day prescriptions instead of 30 day prescriptions, which can sometimes save you money on copays. Also, if you're on a plan like mine that maybe doesn't have the best drug coverage, ask your pharmacy how much the cash price is rather than running it through your insurance. You might find that the cash price is cheaper than it would be if you run it through your insurance. I think that's a good pro tip. Harjes: Another thing you can look into is a mail-order pharmacy -- sometimes offer you three-month supplies for the price of one. That can be a pretty big money saver as well.  The next topic I thought we should bring up is preventative care. There are so many free screenings and vaccine and things that you can get through your health plan or work that are so important toward saving you money in the long run. Campbell: Have you gotten your flu shot yet, Kristine? Harjes: I am scheduled to get one in a few weeks. Campbell: Yeah. You can walk right in to your primary care, or a pharmacy, I go to Rite Aid, I sit there for five minutes, they come over and give me the shot, and it doesn't cost me a dime. For me, that keeps me healthy and I'm able to work more. The other part of this is that you don't want to miss days of work because you're not feeling well. So you have preventative care, you can go to your primary care physician and get a checkup every year, you have these different options. One thing I just did recently that I didn't even know about until I asked my doctor was that the local hospital in my area provides, one day per week, a very big discount on getting ultrasounds for your carotid arteries. I have carotid artery disease in my family history, and I was able to go in and get thousands of dollars' worth of testing for $75. So, it does help to talk very openly and honestly with your primary care physician and just ask different questions, what kind of options are out there that could save me money? Harjes: Another thing to look into is your workplace wellness. Forty percent of large employers offer some sort of discount for participating in a workplace wellness program. And it makes sense from the employer's standpoint. Apparently every $1 of workplace wellness program cost saves approximately $3.27 on medical costs. So, it's quite likely that you can get money back through your employer, or you can find things -- I'm actually getting my flu shot through The Motley Fool's annual Wellness Fair. It's a good thing to look into that sort of benefit, and see what's available to you. Campbell: Larger employers will often times do these kinds of things. It's important to make sure you're checking your human resource newsletter to find out what kind of things are available to you and making the most of them. I also don't want to forget, if an emergency strikes that is not a life-threatening emergency, there are more and more options popping up in local communities rather than the emergency room. We have urgent-care centers all over our area, for example. My son actually just fell off his bike and needed some care, and we were able to go in, and in less than an hour and with a $60 co-pay, and make sure he didn't have any broken bones. Harjes: And that would be way cheaper than the hospital, I'm assuming. Campbell: Absolutely. Harjes: Another thing along that vein is to make sure you know which hospitals are in network in case you need to go to a hospital. It's good to have done that research beforehand. Campbell: It gets so confusing. We're going to talk about insurance, and we're moving that way already. There's so many different moving pieces. Having a little bit of education ahead of time can be very helpful, not only for those emergency situations, but even things like lab work, there could be very drastic difference is in terms of how much you're going to have to pay out of pocket depending on whether or not your insurer has a preferred lab that they'd rather you use, and you end up using something else. Harjes: Right. So, let's talk a little bit more about insurance. One of the things you were hinting at is that there's so many moving parts to consider when you look at what you'll actually pay, even with an insurance plan. It's very easy to focus just on your premiums, but there are so many other costs that end up coming out of your pocket. Campbell: Yeah, it's tremendous. I think, most of us tend to look at our healthcare costs, when we're healthy, as simply, "Oh my god, my premiums, I have to pay these monthly premiums," and that's 100% of your focus, how expensive are your premiums. The problem with focusing too much on your premiums is, how does that saying go? A penny wise, a pound foolish? Is that it? Harjes: Sure. Campbell: Yeah, sure. What happens is, you may be saving money on the premium side of things, but if you do end up requiring healthcare, you could end up getting stung by going to the low-premium health plan that ends up having a higher deductible or higher co-pays or higher co-insurance or higher out-of-pocket maximum. Harjes: Yes, that is absolutely true. You mentioned deductibles. This is the amount of money that you have to pay toward your plan, out of pocket, before the plan starts to kick in. There is one really good option for plans that have high deductibles. This is to set up a health savings account, or an HSA. Todd, do you want to talk a little bit about this? Campbell: This is one of the single best money-saving strategies that anybody who has access to a high-deductible plan should take advantage of. HSAs are wonderful. Can you tell I like them? Harjes: Just a little bit. I do, too. They actually are wonderful.  Campbell: They allow you to take pre-tax dollars and set them aside in an account. Oftentimes, you can invest in that account and earn interest on it. So, set it aside in an account, and then use it -- oftentimes they'll issue you a debit card -- to pay for your co-pays, your co-insurance, your dental visits, your vision care, your kids' braces, healthcare costs that you would otherwise be paying for with after-tax dollars. There are some restrictions. HSAs, as we've already said, are only available with high-deductible health insurance plans, which means a lot of people who have employer-sponsored health insurance won't have access to HSAs. You never know until you ask, though. It's very important to take a look and make sure you qualify for an HSA before setting up. Find out if you can, because if you can, it's a great way to sock away thousands of dollars in pre-tax money that can be used to cover healthcare expenses. Harjes: And all of the details on qualification can be found on the IRS website. The important one to note is the deductible number you have to meet. It has to be $1,300 for an individual, or $2,600 for a family. One of the really great things about HSAs is, it's not use-it-or-lose it. Meaning, you put that money in year and year out, and you don't have to use it in a given year. This is important because it directly contrasts to an FSA, which is a flexible spending account. This is also something that goes through your employer, and it's also a good tax-saving mechanism, it's money you contribute pre-tax. And you can use it throughout the year, but you can only really use it in the year that you contributed it. Sometimes you can carry over $500 from one year to the next, but in general, you need to spend it during that year. Campbell: Right. What's great about FSAs, and I love these just as much as HSAs, is that if you don't qualify for a high-deductible plan, you do qualify for a flex spending account. So, you may not be able to contribute to the HSA because your health insurance doesn't qualify, but if you have very good health insurance and a low deductible, then you can do the FSA. In 2017, you can put $2,550 in pre-tax money into this account. If you have a family of four, you may be spending $1,000 alone on just dentist visits. So, there's a pretty good likelihood of being able to use $2,500 in a given year on out-of-pocket expenses that otherwise would be covered by insurance. Harjes: And yet, surveys show that about 80% of employees that have this available to them ignore the benefit. I can sort of see why. It's kind of daunting to put this money in, and if you don't spend it, you lose it. But, if you look at the list of things that count as a qualified healthcare expenditure, you can spend that money on sunscreen, shoe inserts, first aid kits, there are so many thing that, if you actually make it to the end of the year and have too much yet, you can spend that money on useful things. Campbell: Yeah. Also, you have elective procedures. If you have a lot of extra money kicking around at the end of the year with your FSA, you could pull a procedure forward, and maybe take care of that. FSAs are a great way to lower your taxable income, to get a tax benefit, to get a discount on all the healthcare services that you're buying throughout the year. If you're in the 25% tax bracket, that's an extra $100-500 per year in savings, depending on if we're talking about the FSA or HSA. It could be even more. Harjes: Right. And speaking of taxes, you can use some medical expenses to save on taxes. Want to explain how? Campbell: Before I get to that, I don't think we mentioned the HSA contribution limits. The HSA, you can contribute $3,400 in 2017 if you're an individual, $6,750 if you're a family. There's a lot of money that you can sock away in those HSAs. Harjes: Good to know. Campbell: As far as the tax advantages are concerned, it really only comes into play, as far as your medical costs, if you itemize your deductions on your taxes. Many Motley Fool listeners probably do, but nationwide, I think it's one in three that actually itemize. If you do itemize, then if your medical expenses are more than 10% of your adjusted gross income, then you can take a deduction for those expenses. So, make sure you're keeping very close track of what you're spending throughout the course of the year. At the end of the year, you total everything up. The mileage of driving to the doctor, you name it. Total it all up, and see whether or not you qualify for this deduction. If you do, even if you give up a couple thousand dollars, that's extra money that can end up in your pocket rather than in Uncle Sam's. Harjes: This could be a particularly good tip if you are about to retire in that year. If you end up retiring part of the way through the year, you will have lower income for that year as a whole, so you might be able to deduct more of those medical expenses than you otherwise would have been able to. Campbell: Right, think about thinks like joint replacement. You get into your 50s and early 60s, and maybe you're contemplating whether or not you need to have a knee replacement. Maybe it's late in the year and you want to push it off until the year you retire, so you're only showing your Social Security income, and therefore more of it, theoretically, can be deducted. Harjes: Right. Do we want to move on to saving money on healthcare in retirement? Or is there more to say on employer-type coverage? Campbell: There are a couple things, probably, that everybody should know about HSAs before we totally leave them alone. Harjes: You really do love them. Campbell: I do. There are a lot of ways to stash money into these. If you're over 55 years old, you can do a catch-up contribution and throw an additional $1,000 into this plan. You mentioned earlier that it's not use-it-or-lose-it with HSAs. So, you might want to look at it and say, "If I'm going to max out my retirement plan for work, my 401K, for taxes, then why wouldn't I also max out my contribution to the HSA to further lower my tax bill? And then, consider my HSA contributions as a savings account totally for my healthcare?" Because, as we move later into life, we can then tap all that money that's been rolled over to pay for some of these expenses. Harjes: You can't contribute post-Medicare, but you can still use the money. Campbell: Exactly. You will not be able to continue to contribute to the HSA program. There's another pro tip we'll get to in a second on that. But, yeah, you can still tap into it and use that money. You can even use it to pay your Medicare part B and D premiums. Harjes: What was the pro tip you were about to share? Campbell: If you have a spouse who isn't on Medicare -- let's say you had a high-deductible plan and you've been contributing to your HSA all along. You turn 65 and you now qualify for Medicare. Your employer will not be able to make contributions on your behalf to an HSA. However, your spouse could open up your own HSA, as long as they're still covered by that same insurance plan, can contribute the family about to an HSA that's now in their name. And that HSA, with money, could then be used to cover both you, even though you're on Medicare, and your spouse's expenses. Harjes: Which is pretty awesome. We just did an entire show about Medicare. Something that we missed in that show was MediGap. If you're on Medicare, you can consider getting MediGap coverage, which is supplemental insurance to help you pay for some of the expenses that original Medicare does not cover. This would be your co-pays, co-insurance, deductibles. It pretty much gives you a cap on your out-of-pocket maximum spending, which can be enormously comforting. Campbell: Right. I think a lot of people forget that there is no cap to your Medicare spending. Part A, which will cover hospitalizations, after you reach a certain number of days in the hospital, you're going to be on the hook for the cost. Part B, you have to pay 20% co-insurance for Part B coverage after you've met your deductible. And that also is not capped. MediGap plans are great because they help you better understand how much you're spending in any given year on your healthcare. There are 10 different plan types. The most common of those types is Plan F. Plan F is most common because it covers all of the out-of-pocket costs that you might have otherwise been on the hook for in Part A and Part B. The plans aren't necessarily cheap. They're going to run you between $100 and $300 a month. But they will at least allow you to know what your healthcare spending could be in any given year.  Let me give you a real-time example of why that's important. In 2015, my mother was diagnosed surprisingly with a rare form of lymphoma, a fast-moving rare form of lymphoma. She, fortunately, ended up having Medicare and MediGap. Her out-of-pockets were virtually nil. And because you're getting care from Medicare, you can go to any doctor, wherever you want to go, as long as they accept Medicare. So MediGap can provide a very important safety net for a surprise diagnosis. And with 76 million baby boomers getting older every day, the incidence rates of things like Alzheimer's disease and cancer and those kinds of things, the likelihood of getting a diagnosis like that is increasing. Harjes: I think it's really hard for people approaching retirement age to truly estimate their retirement costs. It's tough to look at the numbers and the incidence rates and plan for that properly. I think one of the things that people forget about the most is the cost of long-term care. Seventy percent of people turning 65 this year will require long-term care. Campbell: Long-term care is another way that you can prepare, or at least know what you're spending in any given year. Unfortunately, you have conditions like Alzheimer's that, because we're living longer, more and more millions and millions of people are suffering from. And while we may think that our families are going to take care of us, we have to ask the question, do we really want them to have to do things like bathe us and take care of our bathroom activities and the things of daily life then maybe we won't be able to take care of on our own. The cost of long-term care is very high. Harjes: It's huge. Campbell: If you have an in-home aid, it's going to cost you $3,000 a month. If you have to go into assisted living, it's going to cost even more than that. If, eventually, you end up in a nursing home, it could cost you $7,000 or $8,000 a month for that care. And with retirement savings being so small, I think a lot of people think that Medicare will take care of the cost for them, or that Medicaid will take care of that cost for them. The reality is that Medicare has a very limited amount of care that they will take care of for you, and that Medicaid will force you to draw down all of your assets to about $2,000 -- some states are little bit different -- before you qualify for coverage. And even if you qualify for coverage, Medicaid can go out and attach a lien to your house to recoup the money after you pass away. Harjes: So, you're still worrying about your medical care and your expenses at that point. That's crazy. Campbell: Right. Long-term care is expensive, it's going to cost a few thousand dollars. A pro tip here is to apply for it when you're in your 50s. Very few people, percentage wise, get rejected when they apply for this in their 50s. And once you have it, you can continue to have it. But if you wait until you're 70 and your health isn't good, there's a good likelihood that they won't even underwrite you. Harjes: Right. This has already been a longer episode, so I'm going to close us out soon. Is there anything else we may have missed along the way? Campbell: I'm sure there are. Harjes: That's true. I'll phrase it differently. What's the most important thing we missed? Campbell: I'm hoping that maybe our listeners will reach out to us and maybe tell us some of their money-saving tips for healthcare, and we can put that out there at a later date. I think everybody should always be asking questions about their healthcare. Are these tests necessary? Is this lab work necessary? They should be considering unique provider options. Does it make sense to go to a minute clinic if you're having flu symptoms, rather than my primary care doctor? Should you consider a telehealth visit offered through my insurance company, where my doctor can discuss flu symptoms with me, and maybe you can save some money that way? There are a lot of different considerations and a lot of different tips. I'm sure we've barely scratched the surface. Harjes: Last question for you, Todd, and it might seem like a kind of random one. When's your birthday? Campbell: Dec. 8. Harjes: All right. Listeners, if your birthday is also on Dec. 8, it is a sign that you should review us. Please leave us a rating on iTunes or wherever it is that you listen. It'll take just a few minutes, and it's super helpful. It helps us get some feedback on the show, and it also allows us to reach more and more Foolish investors who can hopefully get tips on saving on their medical bills and all of the other things that we talked about on this show.  One last fun tidbit before we sign off -- if you're interested in punching "Pharma Bro" Martin Shkreli, remember that name, in the face, here is your opportunity. Martin Shkreli tweeted earlier this week that he is auctioning one slap or punch in the face to benefit the surviving family of his former public-relations consultant, who recently passed away. Check out his Twitter page; there's a link on there. This is an actual thing, as far as I can tell. While you're on Twitter, you can follow us, @MFIndustryFocus. As usual, you can email us at industryfocus@fool.com if you have any health pro tips we may have missed. Maybe we can share them on a future show. As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Todd Campbell, I'm Kristine Harjes. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Kristine Harjes owns shares of Costco Wholesale. Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Oct 3, 2016 at 9:42AM Health Care Read More Is Mallincrockdt Too Risky to Buy Right Now? Why Tesaro, Inc. Is Tumbling 10.7% Today Is Pfizer Rethinking a Company Spin-Off? 2 Stocks That Quadrupled Over the Past 5 Years 3 Reasons Intrexon Corp. Stock Could Rise Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Fri,  18 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   AAMRATECH 25.80   -0.10 -0.39%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 19.40   1.70 9.60%   ACI   1.10   ACIFORMULA 157.30   1.30 0.83%   ACMELAB 102.90   -0.10 -0.10%   ACTIVEFINE 39.20   0.30 0.77%   AFCAGRO 45.70   0.70 1.56%   AFTABAUTO 56.50   0.30 0.53%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.30 1.64%   AGRANINS 17.20   -0.50 -2.82%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.50   -0.90 -0.94%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.10 0.66%   ALLTEX 9.30   0.70 8.14%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   4.40 1.01%   ANLIMAYARN 26.70   0.50 1.91%   ANWARGALV 73.00   5.10 7.51%   APEXFOOT 359.20   -4.70 -1.29%   APEXTANRY 124.50   2.10 1.72%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.10 -0.62%   ARGONDENIM 28.00   -0.10 -0.36%   ASIAINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   -0.10 -0.61%   ATCSLGF 10.40   0.10 0.97%   ATLASBANG 112.20   -0.50 -0.44%   AZIZPIPES 61.80   -5.40 -8.04%   BANGAS 121.90   11.00 9.92%   BANKASIA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   BATASHOE 1175.00   -4.70 -0.40%   BATBC   14.20   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.20 0.99%   BBS   -1.90   BDFINANCE 10.30   0.30 3.00%   BDLAMPS 171.00   0.20 0.12%   BDTHAI 22.40   -0.30 -1.32%   BDWELDING 9.10   0.10 1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   0.00 0.00%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -50.00 -2.08%   BEXIMCO 22.30   0.10 0.45%   BGIC   -0.10   BIFC   0.00   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 65.80   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1040.00   10.00 0.97%   BSC   -2.90   BSCCL   -0.70   BSRMLTD 140.60   -0.30 -0.21%   BSRMSTEEL 94.70   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 81.90   0.10 0.12%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 17.20   0.40 2.38%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.60   -0.50 -3.31%   CMCKAMAL 14.70   0.80 5.76%   CNATEX 8.00   0.10 1.27%   CONFIDCEM 109.00   -5.60 -4.89%   CONTININS 16.50   -0.50 -2.94%   CVOPRL 194.00   0.70 0.36%   DACCADYE 6.90   0.10 1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   0.10 0.30%   DBH   0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 99.30   -1.20 -1.19%   DELTASPINN 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DESHBANDHU 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DHAKABANK 16.20   0.10 0.62%   DHAKAINS 20.60   0.60 3.00%   DOREENPWR 113.70   0.50 0.44%   DSSL   1.00   DULAMIACOT 7.70   0.70 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 106.10   -0.40 -0.38%   EASTERNINS 24.30   0.50 2.10%   EASTLAND 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   EASTRNLUB 908.90   -27.70 -2.96%   EBL   -0.10   EBL1STMF 5.00   -0.20 -3.85%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.10 2.17%   ECABLES 142.00   -1.60 -1.11%   EHL   -0.70   EMERALDOIL 33.70   0.10 0.30%   ENVOYTEX 36.60   0.50 1.39%   ETL   -0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.60   0.10 1.54%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.20 1.89%   FAMILYTEX 8.00   0.30 3.90%   FARCHEM 19.50   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.10 0.16%   FASFIN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.10   -0.30 -2.88%   FEKDIL 22.30   -0.40 -1.76%   FINEFOODS 19.80   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.10 1.45%   FIRSTSBANK 12.20   0.20 1.67%   FORTUNE 46.40   3.10 7.16%   FUWANGCER 14.20   0.80 5.97%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.40 3.25%   GBBPOWER 15.00   0.30 2.04%   GEMINISEA 780.60   -10.90 -1.38%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.10 1.47%   GHAIL   -1.00   GHCL   -0.30   GLAXOSMITH 1565.20   -3.00 -0.19%   GLOBALINS 13.00   0.10 0.78%   GOLDENSON 15.40   0.20 1.32%   GP   3.20   GPHISPAT 29.00   0.50 1.75%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.40   0.30 1.49%   HEIDELBCEM 545.00   -0.20 -0.04%   HFL   -0.40   HRTEX   0.40   IBBLPBOND 972.00   4.00 0.41%   IBNSINA 211.90   0.20 0.09%   ICB   -0.70   ICB1STNRB 18.90   0.20 1.07%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   ICB3RDNRB 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   -0.10 -1.89%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.40   IFIC   1.00   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.00   IMAMBUTTON 10.60   0.00 0.00%   INTECH 11.70   0.30 2.63%   IPDC   -0.30   ISLAMIBANK 30.30   0.90 3.06%   ISLAMICFIN 15.70   0.20 1.29%   ISLAMIINS 17.30   0.10 0.58%   ISNLTD 12.90   0.40 3.20%   ITC   -0.50   JAMUNABANK 14.60   0.20 1.39%   JAMUNAOIL 192.70   -0.20 -0.10%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.40 -3.13%   JMISMDL 156.00   -1.10 -0.70%   JUTESPINN 54.20   0.70 1.31%   KARNAPHULI 14.30   0.10 0.70%   KAY&QUE 26.00   -2.50 -8.77%   KBPPWBIL 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   KDSALTD 66.20   0.40 0.61%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.20 2.04%   KOHINOOR 432.00   -4.00 -0.92%   KPCL   0.20   KPPL   -0.10   LEGACYFOOT 18.40   0.10 0.55%   LINDEBD 1343.00   0.60 0.04%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1212.10   -24.40 -1.97%   MATINSPINN 37.40   0.90 2.47%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGHNACEM 91.10   -2.90 -3.09%   MEGHNALIFE 53.10   0.10 0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.30 2.14%   MERCINS 14.00   -0.10 -0.71%   METROSPIN 6.40   0.10 1.59%   MHSML   0.20   MIDASFIN 22.80   -2.20 -8.80%   MIRACLEIND 37.80   -1.10 -2.83%   MITHUNKNIT 67.40   5.00 8.01%   MJLBD   -0.90   MODERNDYE 182.60   -5.30 -2.82%   MONNOCERA 36.30   0.50 1.40%   MONNOSTAF 589.10   6.00 1.03%   MPETROLEUM 181.70   -0.40 -0.22%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.80   0.30 0.17%   NAVANACNG 56.60   -0.80 -1.39%   NBL   -0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.30 2.86%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 21.40   -0.30 -1.38%   NORTHERN 219.00   19.90 9.99%   NORTHRNINS 18.70   -0.40 -2.09%   NTC   0.80   NTLTUBES 126.40   -3.20 -2.47%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 309.90   1.20 0.39%   ONEBANKLTD 15.10   0.30 2.03%   ORIONINFU 59.20   -0.80 -1.33%   ORIONPHARM 40.20   -0.70 -1.71%   PADMALIFE 22.80   0.20 0.88%   PADMAOIL 186.10   -0.30 -0.16%   PARAMOUNT 19.80   0.50 2.59%   PENINSULA 24.20   -0.20 -0.82%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 246.00   0.00 0.00%   PHENIXINS 22.30   0.60 2.76%   PHOENIXFIN 24.50   0.20 0.82%   PHPMF1 4.30   -0.10 -2.27%   PIONEERINS 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.10 2.27%   POPULARLIF 68.70   -0.40 -0.58%   POWERGRID 54.90   -0.30 -0.54%   PRAGATIINS 25.90   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 87.70   -0.40 -0.45%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.10 1.10%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   -0.90 -1.07%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.50   0.40 2.65%   PRIMEFIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   PRIMEINSUR 17.10   0.40 2.40%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   -0.80 -1.37%   PRIMETEX 22.10   -0.40 -1.78%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PROVATIINS 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   PTL   0.20   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   QSMDRYCELL 100.40   1.80 1.83%   RAHIMAFOOD 84.60   -1.40 -1.63%   RAHIMTEXT 233.80   2.70 1.17%   RAKCERAMIC 61.80   2.80 4.75%   RDFOOD 15.60   -0.50 -3.11%   RECKITTBEN 1590.00   9.50 0.60%   REGENTTEX 12.90   -0.20 -1.53%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.10   -0.30 -0.65%   RENATA 1094.00   1.70 0.16%   REPUBLIC 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   RNSPIN 17.10   -0.30 -1.72%   RSRMSTEEL 48.20   2.10 4.56%   RUPALIBANK 26.80   0.90 3.47%   RUPALIINS 17.40   0.10 0.58%   RUPALILIFE 36.70   0.90 2.51%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   SAIFPOWER 48.00   -12.60 -20.79%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.20 1.46%   SALAMCRST 27.60   0.40 1.47%   SALVOCHEM 13.50   0.10 0.75%   SAMATALETH 24.00   -0.30 -1.23%   SAMORITA 62.40   0.50 0.81%   SANDHANINS 29.80   0.60 2.05%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.40 1.03%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   0.40 4.30%   SHAHJABANK 13.80   0.10 0.73%   SHASHADNIM 62.00   -1.00 -1.59%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.50 2.50%   SINGERBD 182.80   -0.10 -0.05%   SINOBANGLA 23.60   0.30 1.29%   SONALIANSH 194.00   0.60 0.31%   SONARBAINS 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   SONARGAON 8.70   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.50 2.94%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.20 2.53%   SPCL   -1.20   SQUARETEXT 65.20   -0.60 -0.91%   SQURPHARMA 246.00   -1.70 -0.69%   STANDARINS 17.50   -0.50 -2.78%   STANDBANKL 10.40   0.40 4.00%   STYLECRAFT 1620.00   10.50 0.65%   SUMITPOWER 34.60   0.70 2.06%   SUNLIFEINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   TAKAFULINS 18.00   -0.20 -1.10%   TALLUSPIN 8.30   0.20 2.47%   TOSRIFA 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.50   0.40 1.73%   TUNGHAI 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.40 3.17%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   1.20 3.09%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.50   0.30 1.49%   UNITEDINS 24.60   0.10 0.41%   UPGDCL 142.40   0.60 0.42%   USMANIAGL 93.00   2.00 2.20%   UTTARABANK 23.60   -0.20 -0.84%   UTTARAFIN 58.00   -0.40 -0.68%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.10 1.14%   WATACHEM 162.00   5.80 3.71%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.20 -0.80%   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.20   -0.10 -0.65%   Latest News Export of plastic goods fetches $49.18 million in four months France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc Aman farmers happy with good yield, fair price Vikings back in winning streak beating Kings by 19 runs Shami shatters Cook’s stump in early blow Tanker explosion claims 73 lives in Mozambique Syria army intensify Aleppo air campaign Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire Pakistan navy "pushed" Indian submarine clear of its waters Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move Admission in public universities TIME - 09:02 pm National Envoy urges world to continue supporting Afghanistan Economy France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc World Tanker explosion claims 73 lives in Mozambique Stock SE Asia stocks mostly fall  Crackdown on tax evasion from imported goods soon TOP NEWS Mexican central bank ups interest rates to endure Trump   BD occupies 124th spot in UN e-government survey Fake news has power to destroy democracy: Obama Khaleda prioritises on ‘consensus’ to form next EC NATO 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance Trump offers security adviser job to Flynn 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast Abe has ‘great confidence in Trump’ Oil prices drop Asian shares tremble Aman farmers happy with good yield, fair price November 18, 2016, 8:56 pm RAJSHAHI, Nov 18 (BSS): Aman farmers in Rajshahi were happy after pulling in a good yield coupled with fair price this season, everywhere in the region. According to reports from different areas in the region, farmers were busy harvesting in the Read more Vikings back in winning streak beating Kings by 19 runs November 18, 2016, 8:55 pm CHITTAGONG, Nov 18 (UNB): After four successive defeats in the 4th Bangladesh Premier League, Chittagong Vikings bounced back with a 19-run victory against Rajshahi Kings at Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium here on Friday. With the day's result, Vikings collected four points Read more Economy Fed could raise interest rates ‘soon’: Yellen  The chair of the US Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, has indicated that it could raise interest rates "relatively soon". She said this on Thursday in Congressional testimony that included a pledge BIDA bids to improve doing business rankings November 17, 2016, 11:25 pm US factory production rise in Oct November 17, 2016, 12:57 pm ‘Govt plans to reduce fuel oil prices soon’ November 17, 2016, 7:50 pm Inbound travelling drops in Q1 November 17, 2016, 6:45 pm Tofail flogs Pakistan for 'absurd' claim November 16, 2016, 6:33 pm Finance Banks struggling to hit turnover heights The listed banks have failed for the fourth consecutive year to regain the top position in the turnover board of the country's both bourses although over five years have already elapsed since the last stock market debacle. Banks used to dominate Business leaders want gradual opening up of capital account Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months Call to increase budget allocation for child-related initiatives MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting Editorial Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Op-Ed Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Stock Hong Kong shares up slightly  Hong Kong shares bounce slightly on Friday by worries a US rate hike next month and a strengthening dollar could Nikkei share rises to 10-1/2-month high US stocks rise; bank stocks gain Stocks extend winning spell for third day AB Bank emerges as turnover leader on DSE Persistent buy pressure pushes market to the green Hong Kong stocks flat  China stocks edge lower China stocks edge lower  National Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award Bangabandhu Satellite project has received the ‘ITU Telecom World Awards 2016’. State Minister for Telecommunication Tarana Halim received the award from International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Secretary General Houlin Zhao on Thursday night in Bangkok. Bangladesh is given the award in the category for ‘Recognition of Excellence’, the minister said in a Facebook post. Bangabandhu Satellite-1 is scheduled to be launched in December 16 Man gets life-term for killing wife War criminal Yusuf Ali dies  High land price dents garment village dream BNP to contest N'ganj city polls Indo-Bangla meet on disputed Tripura enclave JS body suggests dope test for students Two more PWs testify in Kibria killing case US lauds steps to calm minorities' fears Trade and Market Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move For Indian farmer Buddha Singh, who works a small plot of land in the village of Bajna south of New Delhi, the government's decision to abolish 500 and 1,000 rupee bank notes to crush the shadow economy could hardly have come at a worse time, reports Reuters. He and millions of other farmers cannot get enough cash to buy the seeds VW announces massive job cuts Gold drops to 5-1/2-month low  Tesla gets approval for $2.6b SolarCity takeover PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal Experts seek BBS data in public domain Riverine fishes costlier even in peak season S’pore non-oil exports fall 12pc Kaspersky to be keynote speaker at CeBIT 2017 World Syria army intensify Aleppo air campaign DAMASCUS, Nov 18 (Al Jazeera): At least 49 people have been killed in heavy government air strikes in the eastern Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire Pakistan navy "pushed" Indian submarine clear of its waters Trump asks Alabama senator to become attorney general Sci-tech SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Private rocket firm SpaceX has applied for government permission to launch satellites that will provide global broadband internet access, reports Whitson becomes oldest woman in space  Hidden ocean found on Pluto Twitter suspends alt-right accounts Education BUP holds seminar on economic development The closing ceremony of a two-day international seminar on 'Strategic leadership for sustainable economic development' was held at the Bijoy Auditorium of Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP) at Mirpur Cantonment in the city on Thursday, says an ISPR press release. BUP organised the programme. H T Imam, adviser of political affairs to the prime minister, was present as the chief guest while former governor of Bangladesh Bank Dr Mohammed Farashuddin was present as one of the keynote speakers in the seminar. Another ... Less taking primary school certificate test this year UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children Sports Shami shatters Cook’s stump in early blow VISAKHAPATNAM, India, Nov 18 (AFP): Mohammed Shami shattered skipper Alastair Cook's off stump in an early blow as England began Du Plessis charged by ICC PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal Dynamites maintain top slot with 19-run victory against Vikings Health Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Japan's health ministry has set a 50 per cent cut in the price of Opdivo, a costly immune system-boosting cancer Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Entertainment Bob Dylan skipping Nobel ceremony Bob Dylan will not travel to Sweden to receive his Nobel Prize for Literature in person, it has been announced. The Nation celebrates Nabanna International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Politics BNP to contest N'ganj city polls The BNP has decided to take part in the upcoming Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) polls scheduled to be held on Parties observe 40th death anniv of Bhasani AL local govt nomination board's meeting today Nation pays trubutes to Bhasani Country Two bikers die after crash with truck Two motorcyclists were killed and three people were injured in a road crash at Jogdol Bazar in Panchagarh sadar upazila Missing youth found dead in Narail 26 Raigram village women change lot making 'Nakshi Kantha' Cultivation of short-duration Aman paddy on increase in N-region PHOTO GALLERY Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina waves from the VVIP lounge of Dhaka’s Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) International Airport upon her arrival from Morocco on Thursday after attending two high level segments of COP-22 in Marrakech. – Focus Bangla photo Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army General Rajendra Chhetri called on President Abdul Hamid at Bangabhaban on Wednesday. - PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina delivers her speech at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP-22) at Bab Ighli in the Moroccan city of Marrakech. – Focus Bangla more news Admission in public universities November 18, 2016, 8:40 pm Meeting IT service export target November 18, 2016, 8:39 pm Tobacco destroys health November 18, 2016, 8:37 pm Child labour must disappear  November 18, 2016, 8:36 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 114 ISSUES DECLINED 80 Most popular 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast November 18, 2016, 10:47 am Banks struggling to hit turnover heights November 18, 2016, 12:34 am Oil prices drop November 18, 2016, 11:21 am High land price dents garment village dream November 18, 2016, 12:36 am Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins November 18, 2016, 12:31 am Thrust on journos unity November 18, 2016, 12:28 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NORTHERN 199.10 219.00 208.80 219.00 10.00 DSSL 10.30 11.30 11.30 11.30 9.71 ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 62.40 67.40 61.00 66.80 7.05 ANWARGALV 67.90 73.00 68.50 72.50 6.78 FORTUNE 43.30 46.90 43.80 46.20 6.70 FUWANGCER 13.40 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.97 CMCKAMAL 13.90 14.70 14.00 14.60 5.04 IFIC 18.20 19.20 18.10 19.10 4.95 RAKCERAMIC 59.00 62.20 59.60 61.80 4.75 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 63.20 67.40 61.00 67.40 6.65 ANWARGALV 68.50 73.00 68.50 73.00 6.57 FORTUNE 43.80 46.90 43.80 46.40 5.94 PARAMOUNT 18.80 20.20 18.80 19.80 5.32 FUWANGCER 13.50 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.19 CMCKAMAL 14.00 14.70 14.00 14.70 5.00 PRIMEINSUR 16.30 17.20 16.30 17.10 4.91 NORTHERN 208.80 219.00 208.80 219.00 4.89 IFIC 18.40 19.20 18.10 19.20 4.35 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAIFPOWER 60.60 49.70 47.90 48.50 -19.97 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 23.10 -7.60 BNICL 19.50 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.10 CONFIDCEM 114.60 115.60 109.00 109.90 -4.10 EBL1STMF 5.20 5.20 5.00 5.00 -3.85 RDFOOD 16.10 16.10 15.30 15.50 -3.73 ETL 18.80 19.10 17.80 18.10 -3.72 AZIZPIPES 67.20 68.00 61.80 64.80 -3.57 BBS 48.00 48.80 46.00 46.40 -3.33 CITYGENINS 15.10 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation AZIZPIPES 68.00 68.00 61.80 61.80 -9.12 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 22.80 -8.80 KAY&QUE 28.50 29.00 26.00 26.00 -8.77 CONFIDCEM 115.60 115.60 109.00 109.00 -5.71 BNICL 19.60 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.59 BBS 48.30 48.80 46.00 46.10 -4.56 NTLTUBES 132.30 135.00 126.00 126.40 -4.46 ETL 19.00 19.10 17.80 18.20 -4.21 CITYGENINS 15.20 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.95 MODERNDYE 190.00 190.00 182.60 182.60 -3.90 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> News Man fatally shot in Lauderdale Lakes identified Man dies after shooting in Lauderdale Lakes parking lot, police say Man dies after shooting in Lauderdale Lakes parking lot, police say Man dies after shooting in Lauderdale Lakes parking lot, police say Staff report Person shot and killed in parking lot in Lauderdale Lakes Privacy Policy The man fatally shot in a parking lot in Lauderdale Lakes was identified Monday as Kennedy Lee, 50. The incident occurred about 2:15 p.m. Sunday outside the Walmart at 3001 N. State Road 7 in Lauderdale Lakes, Broward Sheriff's Ofice spokeswoman Gina Carter said. The shooter drove away from the Walmart parking lot, just south of Oakland Park Boulevard, she said. Police are looking for the shooter, but didn't release any information about the shooter's vehicle. "This is a very shocking incident" where people were doing their shopping, Carter said. Some shoppers whose cars were in the area of the shooting were unable to leave the parking lot. Lee was taken to Broward Health Medical Center in Fort Lauderdale and died about 3 p.m., Carter said. Investigators are piecing together why Lee was shot, whether there a fight and whether the shooter and victim knew each other. Caption More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in Caption More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in Caption After catching break on a 60-year sentence, convicted robber accused of burglary After catching break on a 60-year sentence, convicted robber accused of burglary After catching break on a 60-year sentence, convicted robber accused of burglary Caption Explore gator country at Everglades National Park Take a tram or bike ride through Shark Valley in Everglades National Park. Take a tram or bike ride through Shark Valley in Everglades National Park. Caption New digs for Broward County's homeless pets opening Tuesday New digs for Broward County's homeless pets opening Tuesday New digs for Broward County's homeless pets opening Tuesday Caption Man, 22, struck, killed while walking on State Road 7 early Sunday Man, 22, struck, killed while walking on State Road 7 early Sunday Man, 22, struck, killed while walking on State Road 7 early Sunday "It's a bit of a mystery," Carter said. Detectives are examining surveillance video from the parking lot and collecting evidence, Carter said. Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Parking lot shooting Parking lot shooting Parking lot shooting All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Style Ask Amy: Assault survivor wonders how to confront perpetrator The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Amy Dickinson October 3 Follow @askingamy Dear Amy: I was sexually assaulted by a man at a party when I was 17. I didn’t report the assault because of the circumstances (underage drinking, etc.). I am now 23, and although I am fine, I run into him every once in a while — at the college I attended, at Walmart, at a local restaurant and he recently came through the drive-through at my workplace. I always do my best to stay as calm as possible and to not pay him any attention, although it is very challenging to not break out into a full-blown panic attack. I think it’s too late or a lost cause to report it at this point, but I have to do something, so it doesn’t eat at me every time I see him. My question for you is — should I confront him? If so, what do I say? If not, what do I do about running into him? Stuck at 17 Stuck at 17: I can’t tell you to confront this person — or to avoid him. I can only tell you that you must do what is best for you. It is not too late to report this assault, and it is not a “lost cause.” Your cause is never lost, because you are here, struggling mightily to cope. You have survived a sexual assault. And although you say you are “fine,” I don’t think you are fine. I think you’re unsure, hurting, and anxious — all very natural reactions. I shared your question with a spokesperson at the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network (Rainn.org), the nation’s largest anti-sexual violence organization. They want to assure you that there is no one right answer for how a sexual assault survivor should cope to move forward. You can call and talk to a counselor at the National Sexual Assault Hotline at (800) 656-4673; they can listen to your story, review your options now and also connect you with a local counselor and support group. RAINN also has an online “chat” feature available, 24/7. It is vital that you receive help and support. An answer for what you should do concerning the man who assaulted you will emerge through talking about it. Please don’t bury this or discount what happened. Dear Amy: My son recently got married, and although I hosted a nice reception dinner and was appropriately dressed for the wedding, I was not invited to participate in any of the wedding photos. Not a single one. I was herded away to the reception room with the rest of the guests, and it was only afterward that I realized the photos had been taken without me. My son claims he was so nervous he never noticed I wasn’t there. My new daughter-in-law seems indifferent about the whole thing and acts like I am making a big deal out of nothing. Recently they delivered a big fat wedding album to my house full of photos of the bride, groom, and all of her parents and family, which I politely declined to accept. I had not met the bride’s family prior to the wedding, but this just seems an incredibly cruel thing to do to me. Am I wrong? Mother of the Groom Mother of the Groom: Whether your son and his wife were deliberately exclusionary, or merely incredibly thoughtless when it came to photos, your reaction — to feel hurt and angry — is completely justified. They owe you a sincere apology. I assume if you received one, you would accept it and do your best to move on. Your son’s explanation is almost — but not quite — believable. This is also a rough way for your daughter-in-law to kick off a relationship with her new mother-in-law. After outright refusing to receive this album (an understandable, but not really generous reaction), a gentle conversation where you honestly describe your feelings is called for. I hope they find a way to flip this script. Dear Amy: “Protective Daughter” described her concern over her mother’s decision to become a caregiver to an abusive ex who now has cancer. I am a therapist who has had clients ready to leave an ex-partner who has faked cancer to get the partner back. It worked only for a while but caused chaos in the well person’s life. I say, confirm this diagnosis on paper, but better yet: Run! Siri Siri: Great point. An unscrupulous person could use a cancer diagnosis to emotionally manipulate a caring individual. I agree that “Protective Daughter” should urge her mother to confirm the prognosis. © 2016 by Amy Dickinson distributed by Tribune Content Agency lifestyle style true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Amy’s column appears seven days a week at washingtonpost.com/advice. Write to askamy@amydickinson.com or Amy Dickinson, Tribune Content Agency, 16650 Westgrove Dr., Suite 175, Addison, Tex. 75001. Follow @askingamy Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ 2 The electoral college isn’t a real place. But someone has to answer all the angry phone calls these days. 3 How to protect your kid: Teach her to protect herself 4 Things I wish I’d known about having a one-pound baby 5 A real Jurassic park lies underground at the Wyoming Dinosaur Center lifestyle style Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
null
Logo News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Elections 2016 Weather Your Forecast Video Forecast Surviving a Storm Watches and Warnings Forecast Cone Forecast Models Projected Wind Field Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search Search for: Live News ° Menu News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Elections 2016 Weather Your Forecast Video Forecast Surviving a Storm Watches and Warnings Forecast Cone Forecast Models Projected Wind Field Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search for: Share Share: October 2, 2016 Man killed in shooting outside Lauderdale Lakes Wal-Mart Ann Keil LAUDERDALE LAKES, FLA. (WSVN) - The busy parking lot of a Wal-Mart in Lauderdale Lakes turned into a crime scene after, authorities said, a man was fatally shot, Sunday afternoon. Broward Sheriff’s Office deputies responded to the scene of the shooting, outside the Wal-Mart Supercenter off West Commercial Boulevard and State Road 441, at around 2:15 p.m. Monday morning, homicide detectives identified the victim as 50-year-old Kennedy Lee. Witness Orga Espady said Lee was shot in the head. “I had never seen nothing like that. It was really horrifying,” he said. Lee was transported as a trauma alert to Broward Health Medical Center. Officials said he succumbed to his injuries at around 3 p.m. “Everybody was crying and stuff,” said Espady. Homicide and crime scene detectives interviewed witnesses and searched for clues as they continued to investigate. People simply buying groceries found themselves in the aftermath of the deadly shooting. “I wasn’t expecting anything at this Wal-Mart,” said area resident James Walker. “Very surprising, very shocking.” Officials said Lee’s relationship to the shooter is unknown at this time. “We’re not sure why this man was shot. We’re not sure if they had an altercation, or if they even knew each other,” said BSO spokesperson Gina Carter. “Right now, it really is a bit of a mystery, and detectives are working hard to unravel it.” It is unclear whether there is surveillance video of the shooting. No one has been apprehended. If you have any information on this shooting, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward. Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending Official says Trump taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA job Grandma offers Thanksgiving dinner to stranger after text message mishap Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner Wells Fargo customer account openings plunge 44% Minnesota officer charged with manslaughter in Castile death Mayor in West Virginia resigns after racist Obama post Daily news to your inbox Search for: See a sample newsletter Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Trending Official says Trump taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA job Grandma offers Thanksgiving dinner to stranger after text message mishap Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner Wells Fargo customer account openings plunge 44% Minnesota officer charged with manslaughter in Castile death Mayor in West Virginia resigns after racist Obama post This Week's Circulars Logo Search for: Join us: WSVN-TVSunbeam Television Corp 1401 79th Street Causeway Miami, FL 33141 Switchboard: (305) 751-6692 Newsroom: (305) 795-2777 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICES TV LISTINGS CONTACT US JOB OPENINGS INTERNSHIPS ADVERTISE WITH US WSVN FCC PUBLIC FILE EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT CHILDRENS PROGRAMMING All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WSVN-TV. All Rights Reserved. WSVN broadcast educational and informational programming for children, and file quarterly reports with the FCC detailing the station's outreach to children. The public may view the reports by going to www.WSVN.com and clicking on "FCC Public File," or by visiting the FCC's website at FCC.org. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service. Powered by WordPress.com VIP

| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Oct 03 2016. 10 19 AM IST Cognizant investors grapple with business and legal uncertainties If government agencies find wrongdoing, there could be a fine in store; besides, the company may lose business because of reputational issues Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Mobis Philipose Cognizant is already grappling with a slowdown in growth rates; it brought down its revenue growth guidance for 2016 in August, and now expects revenue growth to be in single digits. Photo: Mint Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. lost $4.4 billion in market capitalization after it disclosed a corruption probe and the resignation of one of its senior-most executives. “The company is conducting an internal investigation into whether certain payments relating to facilities in India were made improperly and in possible violation of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other applicable laws,” it said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Cognizant also announced the resignation of Gordon Coburn, who was effectively the second-in-command at the company. The two announcements coming together was clearly too much for investors to handle. Cognizant’s shares fell as much as 13.3% on the back of fears that Coburn’s resignation could be because the scale of the improper payments was significant. According to an analyst, the uncertainty and the lack of clarity is making investors jittery. If government agencies find wrongdoing, there could be a fine in store. Besides, the company may lose business because of reputational issues. About a year ago, The Wall Street Journal had reported that the US government found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. paid bribes worth millions of dollars to local officials in India. Click here for enlarge The US agencies probing the company haven’t announced a fine or a settlement yet, but Wal-Mart has spent hundreds of millions of dollars so far investigating the possible payment of foreign bribes. The largest FCPA enforcement action, so far, was in the case of Siemens AG, which paid $350 million in disgorgement to settle SEC’s charges, and a $450 million fine to the US department of justice (DoJ) to settle criminal charges. In 2014, Alstom SA pleaded guilty and agreed to pay $772 million to end an investigation by DoJ. Of course, the eventual fine or settlement fees will depend on the quantum of improper payments, if any, made by Cognizant, and the extent to which it profited from these payments. Thanks to Coburn’s resignation, speculation about how severe the hit can be are running wild. Cognizant is already grappling with a slowdown in growth rates; it brought down its revenue growth guidance for 2016 in August, and now expects revenue growth to be in single digits. Since then, commentary by other IT services companies such as Tata Consultancy Services Ltd suggests things have deteriorated. As such, the timing of the corruption probe couldn’t be worse. Cognizant shares have fallen nearly 25% from end-March levels, owing to the twin impact of the business slowdown and legal uncertainty. Mobis Philipose Topics: Cognizant Technology Solutionscorruption probemarketsanalysisrevenue guidance More from this Section George Soros, Stanley Druckenmiller joined by ETF investors abandoning gold Cash withdrawal using debit cards starts at 700 petrol pumps Goldman Sachs’ six top trade ideas for 2017 Fake notes of Rs28 crore face value detected this year: Arun Jaitley Reliance Home Finance plans to raise Rs3,500 crore via NCDs Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Donald Trump’s firm signs deal for Kolkata real estate project Consequences of the demonetisation shock First Published: Sun, Oct 02 2016. 11 51 PM IST Read more from Livemint Donald Trump selects candidates for CIA, attorney general: transition official Domestic help and the cash Air India to induct two A320 neos in January Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Latest News Donald Trump selects candidates for CIA, attorney general: transition official Domestic help and the cash Air India to induct two A320 neos in January In your city: Mumbai Karnataka high court orders winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Home will sell for $129, launch partners include Nest, IFTTT The device is capable of connecting to other gadgets around the home (such as the Nest thermostat) and completing basic tasks like playing music or searching Google. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | October 4, 2016 -- 17:18 GMT (10:18 PDT) | Topic: Internet of Things (Image: Google) At its "Made by Google" event Tuesday, Google offered more information about its Amazon Echo-like Google Home device. First announced at Google I/O in May, Google Home is a voice-activated, smart home virtual assistant hub. The device is capable of connecting to other gadgets around the home (such as the Nest thermostat) and completing basic tasks like playing music or searching Google. What's Hot on ZDNet When will Microsoft end support for your version of Windows or Office? GE Digital builds up its global presence with acquisitions, partnerships ​Domino's claims world-first pizza drone delivery Microsoft delivers test builds of Visual Studio for Mac, Visual Studio 2017 for Windows Today we're learning that at launch Google Home will sell for $129 at Best Buy, Walmart, and Target. The device will come in a bevy of color options for the swappable base and includes a free six-month trial of YouTube Red. Pre-orders for Google Home start today and the device will ship on Nov. 4. In the context of the smart home, Google Home's initial partners will be Nest, SmartThings, Philips Hue, and IFTTT. Google says the design of Google Home was inspired by things like wine glasses and candles (although some may also suggest air fresheners) and that it's really meant to work in a hands-free way. But when voice activation fails, there's a capacitive touch pad on top of the device for additional controls, as well as a mic mute button on the back so users can choose whether they want Google listening in for the so-called "hot word". At the core of Google Home is the Google Assistant, which promises to give users an ongoing, two-way dialogue with Google. Google Assistant uses machine learning and artificial intelligence to get to know users over time, based on their behavior patterns and preferences -- essentially creating a personalized Google for each user. Google Home and the newly unveiled Pixel phone are the first devices to have the Google Assistant built natively into the hardware. "We are building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core so you can get things done without worrying about the underlying technology," said Google's hardware chief Rick Osterloh. In terms of the smart-speaker showdown inevitably brewing between Google Home and Amazon Echo, it's still a bit too early to predict a winner. But most analysts agree that a smart-home play could work to Google's advantage if done correctly and ultimately boost its relevance amid hardware developers. "The launch of Google Home with Google Assistant uplevels Google's play as a virtual assistant and is a natural extension of Google's path towards becoming the agent that sits between brands and their customers," said Forrester mobile analyst Julie Ask. "The 'holy grail' of becoming a consumer's virtual assistant will be hard for Google to obtain, but holds unprecedented business value if Google achieves this goal." Google's hardware event: First peek at Pixel... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 39 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security How your connected home or office is a gift for hackers, criminals, and cyber spies Cloud Which smart speaker should you buy? Amazon Echo or Google Home? Internet of Things GE Power lands Exelon as Predix customer, co-innovation partner Internet of Things GE releases new suite of Predix applications, services × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Athena Leadership Award to be bestowed at Oct. 12 luncheon 09H2ATHENAleadership 2016 Athena Leadership Award nominees honored during an Aug. 19 reception hosted by former award recipients are, from left, Kelly Rodriguez, Brenda Bertus, Cathy Miner, Kim Bergeron, and Ellen Ellinwood Lamarque. Also nominated but unable to attend was Stephanie Berault. Each will be recognized and the award recipient announced at the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce's Oct. 12 Second Wednesday luncheon at the Northshore Harbor Center. (submitted photo) Print Email NOLA Community Submission By NOLA Community Submission The Times-Picayune on October 04, 2016 at 6:45 PM, updated October 04, 2016 at 6:53 PM comments The 2016 Athena Leadership Award will go to one of six women during the Oct. 12 at the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce's Second Wednesday luncheon at the Northshore Harbor Center. Nominees for the 2016 award are Stephanie Berault, Kim Bergeron, Brenda Bertus, Ellen Ellinwood Lamarque, Cathy Miner, and Kelly Rodriguez. The annual award is sponsored by Ochsner Medical Center North Shore and its nominees were recognized during a reception hosted Aug. 19 by former recipients of the leadership award. Reservations for the Second Wednesday luncheon may be made by contacting JoBeth Kavanaugh, COO of the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce, at jobeth@estchamber.com or by phone at 985.643.5678. This year's nominees are up for the award because they have demonstrated excellence, creativity and initiative in their business or profession; they have provided valuable service to improve the quality of life for others in their community; and they have actively assisted women in achieving their full leadership potential. Here's a look at each nominee. Bergeron, owner of Kim Bergeron Productions, is a champion of the partnership between the arts and local economic development. Former Director of Cultural and Public Affairs for the City of Slidell, Bergeron raised more than $650,000 for arts programming in Slidell and led the economic development initiative that brought Slidell the National League of Cities Gold Award for Municipal Excellence. Bergeron also received numerous awards from the City County Communications Marketing Association, and was recognized by Lt. Governors Mitch Landrieu and Jay Dardenne. In partnership with Donna O'Daniels, Bergeron created the Train of Hope for Sandy Relief that delivered more than $450,000 in relief supplies to Sandy victims from south Louisiana donors via Amtrak. Bergeron also was recently recognized by the American Red Cross for her work on this project. Bergeron continues to be a leader in the region's cultural economy, fostering new talent and organizing new projects. Lamarque spent 28 years educating St. Tammany Parish public school children and has been honored for outstanding teaching from numerous organizations including the Slidell Elks Lodge, the Radio Shack/Tandy Outstanding Teachers Champion of the Classroom, the Ameri-chem USA Principal's Outstanding Teacher Award, Wal-Mart Regional Teacher of the Year, and the Louisiana Education of Distinction Award.  In addition, Lamarque was recognized as the Salmen High School Teacher of the Year on four separate occasions. Lamarque has served as President of the Slidell Women's Civic Club and is active in many organizations including the Rainbow Childcare Center, the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce, Friends of the Harbor Center, Women's Health Alliance of Slidell Memorial Hospital, Slidell Mainstreet Committee, and Keep Slidell Beautiful. Lamarque also has served as Co-Director of the Young Entrepreneur Academy, which encourages youth business development. Rodriguez is recognized both for her skills in mentoring young women in the banking profession and for her passion for creating homes for families in need. A banker with more than 35 years of experience, Rodriguez is one of only 13 Senior Vice Presidents at Resource Bank, specializing in Commercial Lending and Business Banking. Rodriguez has been a volunteer for East St. Tammany Habitat for Humanity since 2004, including serving as chairwoman. A 2010 Leadership Northshore graduate, Rodriguez worked to link the St. Tammany Parish Schools system to the Naval Lab through the Math Counts project. She worked on the committee that raised $240,000 for the Kids Unlimited Playground located at Camp Salmen Park, and serves on numerous child education committees through Junior Achievement. She was an organizer for the 2014 Louisiana Veterans Festival and is the recipient of the Bill Lowry Service Above Self Award from the Rotary Club of Slidell. Stephanie Berault is the Executive Director of the Louisiana chapter of the HeartGift Foundation in June 2010. The HeartGift Foundation provides the necessary surgery including funds, coordination of care, and medical services for children with Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) living in countries where specialized medical treatments is scare or nonexistent. Berault has served as the Louisiana Committeewoman for the National Young Republican Federation and was the founding Chairperson of the St. Tammany Coalition of Republican Professionals. She represented St. Tammany at the Republican National Conventions in 2016 and 2008 as a Delegate/Alternate Delegate. Among the organizations she actively supports are the New Orleans Catholic Foundation where she is currently a Board Member, the Northshore Harbor Center Board of Commissioners, the Northshore Community Foundation, the United Way, the Slidell Memorial Hospital Women's Health Alliance, the Youth Soccer Club, Slidell Republican Women's Club, and the Slidell Friends of the Arts. Miner approached the principal at St. Mary's Academy in New Orleans East during 2003 to tell her that the school needed a mental health counselor and deliver a proposal for its. After a deep discussion about the benefits of having a counselor on staff to provide services to a population not used to seeking services, Miner began a journey of caring for the emotional wellbeing of African American girls at an unprecedented level at this historically Black Catholic middle and high school. Her approach also includes caring for parents' emotional needs as well as the faculty and staff. Miner has provided pro bono Safe Environment training to students, school personnel, and volunteers in Lacombe and New Orleans for the last eight years. Safe Environment is a program initiated by the Archdiocese of New Orleans that teaches children, teens and adult volunteers how to identify and report child abuse and neglect, mandated reporting protocol, and safety skills in the home and neighborhood. She is also a volunteer with the Metropolitan Youth Foundation. Miner has been a mentor for most of her adult life, from guiding a group of young women in photography to supervising Masters Level students in counseling and social work. Bertus (formerly, Brenda Reine) has amassed an extensive amount of experience in economic development, construction, land development, business and community relations, management, marketing, and customer sales. Before becoming CEO of the St. Tammany Economic Development Foundation, Bertus was co-owner and vice-president of a large development and construction firm in Slidell. She also worked as a real estate agent, a senior account executive, general manager of an outlet mall, and served three years as the CEO of the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce. Since 2002, Bertus' work at the Economic Development Foundation has convinced 134 companies to locate or grow operations within the parish. These companies agreed to invest more than $950 million in St. Tammany, retaining almost 4,500 jobs and committing to create more than 5,700 new jobs. Bertus is a frequent contributor to economic development initiatives and publications as well an in-demand public speaker. She has served on the boards of many organizations including the Friends of the Harbor Center, Greater New Orleans Inc., the Louisiana Industrial Development Executives Association, the Slidell Boys and Girls Club, and the Ochsner Medical Center-Northshore Governing Board. Since 1989, the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce has supported the Athena Leadership Award, recognizing women and the mentorship of women, in both business and community affairs. The local Athena Leadership Award is part of the Athena International Foundation. Through the Foundation, exemplary leaders in more than 500 communities have received the prestigious Athena Award in the United States, Bermuda, Canada, China, Greece, India, Russia, United Arab Emirates, and the United Kingdom. The 2016 Athena Leadership Award winner was Laurie Jugan. Former recipients are Lowrey Slidell Councilwoman Kim Harbison, Tara Ingram Hunter, Sharron Newton, Sylvia Black, Mary DuBuisson, Brenda Case, the late Dr. Jeanne Reeves, Irma Cry, the late Pearl Williams, Lydia Alford, Suzanne Parsons Stymiest, Dr. Joan Archer, Stephanie Schedler, the late Marilyn Faust, Judy Wood, Patricia Hedges, Gilda Perkins and Carol Wolfram.   Submitted by Lydia J. Alford. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr Most Read Active Discussions Today's Front Page Today's front page stories delivered to your inbox each morning at 5:30 a.m. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology First Look Could your next burrito be delivered by drone? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Scientists turn CO2 into rock – again Canada may get a national bird, but it's not who you think 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Five Star Movement: Italy’s own brand of populism Project Wing – an offshoot of Alphabet Inc. – is experimenting with the use of drones to deliver fast food to a Virginia Tech campus. By Christina Beck, Staff October 4, 2016 Save for later Saved A test drone sits after making a UPS delivery to Children's Island in Marblehead, Mass. Rodrique Ngowi/AP View Caption About video ads View Caption of Just when you thought that the prospect of drone deliveries could not get more exciting, Google’s Alphabet figured out how to deliver burritos by drone. Alphabet’s burrito delivery experiment, Project Wing, is already making food deliveries to the campus of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. In the future, researchers say that the delivery drones could be used to deliver food, batteries, and other emergency supplies to emergency workers in disaster areas. "That was a fun novelty to experience," university worker Ingrid Mans, who experienced food delivery via the experiment, told Bloomberg. "It would be cool to see it applied to more important things than fast-food delivery though." Recommended: 40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know A recent test on Virginia Tech’s campus saw Project Wing drones pick up burritos from a hidden Chipotle food truck and deliver them directly to the people who had ordered them. 40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/18 Currently, Project Wing tests are controlled, and very secretive. Yet while the project is able to test out its technology in a controlled environment for now, Alphabet will have to deal with flight patterns, regulations, and planning if the service goes mainstream. The company plans to share information with the Federal Aviation Administration, in order to help the FAA regulate delivery drones properly. Project Wing researchers must also determine how to ensure safety around the drones themselves – for the tests on Virginia Tech’s campus, viewers are kept away from harm by safety netting and personnel, a scenario unlikely to be repeated in real world delivery situations. Google is just one of several companies exploring the exciting possibilities of drone delivery. Online retailer Amazon has been exploring drone delivery for some time, with vice president of global public policy Paul Misener telling the House Oversight Committee in 2015 that delivery drones were on their way. In April 2015, Amazon received FAA approval to begin testing drone delivery. Wal-Mart followed in October.   “Drones have a lot of potential to further connect our vast network of stores, distribution centers, fulfillment centers and transportation fleet,” Wal-Mart spokesman Dan Toporek said in a statement at the time. “There is a Walmart within five miles of 70 percent of the U.S. population, which creates some unique and interesting possibilities for serving customers with drones." This summer, Amazon announced a partnership with Britain's Civil Aviation Authority (CAA), allowing the online retailer to test drive its autonomous aerial technology and its delivery capabilities. Yet although there is most definitely interest in drone delivery, regulations lag far behind technology, particularly in the United States. The FAA has placed strict regulations on commercial drone testing in the United States, and while the regulatory body was expected to develop guidelines for drone regulation by last September, it failed to meet that goal and delivered the rules about a year over deadline. Food and parcel delivery are just two of the many drone uses that experts foresee for the future. “There are lots of good uses for drones that will come to pass: using them for inspections, for law enforcement, for agriculture, for delivering medicine to isolated areas,” Richard Whittle, author of the book "Predator: the Secret Origins of the Drone Revolution,” told The Christian Science Monitor last year. Next up 40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know First Look As drones get smaller and cheaper, are safety regulations keeping up? How drones could transform lives for those who need help in remote areas Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The Trump voters you don't know An end to Trump’s politics of anger? Passcode Worried about surveillance under Trump? Here's what to do The new face of the sanctuary movement: college campuses (+video) Focus For native Americans, pipeline sparks climate awakening Popular Now First Look Stephen Hawking says we have have 1,000 years to find a new home (+video) First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress Iowa bill named 'Suck it up, Buttercup' seeks to stop student coddling Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The Trump voters you don't know   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/18 Latest News First Look 'Duck Dynasty' may be coming to an end – but not its cultural dynamics Doing Good Difference Maker This man will serve 2,000 free meals for Thanksgiving Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Local News Hermiston police respond to clown sighting Published on October 4, 2016 4:45PM HERMISTON — A person dressed as a “scary clown” was reported to Hermiston police Monday night, and though officers weren’t able to locate the costumed person, they did issue a warning on Facebook about appropriate public behavior. The clown was spotted near Wal-Mart headed toward the Aspen Apartments at about 10:30 p.m. wearing dark clothing and bushy hair. There have been many police reports of people dressed as scary clowns across the United States in the past few months, and several in Oregon in recent weeks. Hermiston police in a statement on social media said people have the right to dress however they want — like a clown, ballerina or wearing “that ugly sweater your aunt knitted for your birthday in 1993.” But if those donning strange outfits are acting “weird” to intentionally scare people, the department warned it would investigate the suspicious activity to see if a crime was committed. Most of the reports in other areas have been non-criminal, though arrests have been made for trespassing, making threats and inducing panic. Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Pendleton hunter, outfitter pleads guilty to poaching mule deer ( 37322 ) Hermiston city council gives bus system the green light ( 9917 ) Rollover crash near Pendleton sends pair to hospital ( 8267 ) Body found at Sand Station investigated as a homicide ( 5543 ) Gwendolyn Jean Lewis ( 5000 ) KINDLE: Modeltographers practice fashion in rural Oregon ( 4831 ) Body found at Sand Station investigated as a homicide ( 533 ) Hermiston leads county in population growth ( 310 ) ATHLETE OF THE WEEK: 20 Questions with Heppner’s Logan Grieb ( 307 ) LIMEY PASTOR: Giving thanks in a thankful place ( 264 ) Rollover crash near Pendleton sends pair to hospital ( 260 ) Spruce that has traveled Umatilla County ends up as downtown Hermiston Christmas tree ( 144 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2016 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Shopping at Walmart is getting a lot cheaper Hayley Peterson Sep. 28, 2016, 9:24 AM 14,608 facebook linkedin twitter email print A Walmart Supercenter in Arkansas. Thomson Reuters Grocery prices are in a free-fall.  Food prices have declined for nine straight months in the US, marking one of the longest stretches of food deflation in 50 years. We went to Walmart to find out just how far prices have fallen at the No. 1 grocery store in the US. We compared the prices of 34 items at a store in Richmond, Virginia on Tuesday to the prices of the same items at the same store in December 2015. The result? The basket of groceries is now 10% cheaper than it was nine months ago.  The basket total in September was $104.17. In December 2015, the same items cost $114.86.  Some of the products' package sizes have changed over the last year, so we calculated those differences into the final price. We found the biggest price drops among the eggs (down 67% to 82 cents for one dozen eggs); goat cheese (down 56% to $1.99 for 4 ounces); pineapples (down 41% to $1.75 per fruit); almonds (down 37% to $5.13 for 12 ounces); peanut butter (down 28% to $3.14 for 40 ounces); and extra virgin olive oil (down 23% to $2.98 for 17 fluid ounces).  The prices of ground beef and chicken also fell considerably, dropping 8% and 11% respectively. Some items cost considerably more than in December 2015, such as 2-liter bottles of Coca-Cola (up to $1.48 from $1 per bottle in December) and canola oil (up to $2.88 for a 48-fluid-ounce bottle from $1.98 in December).  It's possible Walmart increased prices on those items to offset the plunging costs of meat, poultry, fish, and eggs. Since August 2015, prices of those items have dropped 6.5%, representing the biggest drop of any food group in that period, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. However, Walmart denied that it prices products according to trends between food categories. Here's a full list of Walmart's prices, adjusted for varying package sizes: Business Insider/Hayley Peterson SEE ALSO: A German grocery chain that crippled its rivals in the UK is about to invade the US NOW WATCH: Animated map shows where your bottled water actually comes from Loading video... More: Retail Walmart grocery prices Food Deflation Deflation Food Prices Grocery Stores Grocery shopping food price index Bureau of Labor Statistics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Shopping at Walmart is getting a lot cheaper Shopping at Walmart is getting a lot cheaper Grocery prices are in a free-fall.  Food... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Campus Academics Greek Life SGA Student Life State/Local Around Town Board of Regents National Pierre Vermillion City Council Vermillion Police Department Sports Cross Country Football Golf Men’s Basketball Soccer Swimming/Diving Track and Field Volleyball Women’s Basketball WNIT Championship Verve Feature Diversity Events CAB Verve Blogs Opinion E-Edition Home Campus Academics Greek Life SGA Student Life State/Local Around Town Board of Regents National Pierre Vermillion City Council Vermillion Police Department Sports Cross Country Football Golf Men’s Basketball Soccer Swimming/Diving Track and Field Volleyball Women’s Basketball WNIT Championship Verve Feature Diversity Events CAB Verve Blogs Opinion E-Edition Follow Facebook Twitter Around Town The Vermillion Poverty Task Force, which was formed in 2014 to reduce poverty and increase collaboration between local non-profits, has only seen rates go up in the past two years. Ally Krupinsky / The Volante Home State/Local Around Town Out of sight but not out of mind: Community works to curb increasing area poverty October 4th, 2016 Ally Krupinsky Around Town, State/Local comments Share this story Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Vermillion, a town of about 11,000 and home to the state’s flagship university, is similar to most small towns in South Dakota. It has bars, a business district and a slew of community events. But, as a small town with little diversity in its employment opportunities, there’s a growing population of residents experiencing a very different side of the community than most USD students. Thirty-seven percent of Vermillion’s residents are living in poverty, a four percent increase from 2010. This isn’t the only statistic that stands out in the community in relation to poverty.  According to FeedingAmerica.org, Clay County has a food insecurity rate of 16.8 percent. Vermillion’s Salvation Army provides emergency services for five to 10 people per week. The Vermillion Food Pantry served 5,000 people as of mid-September, 1,000 people ahead of last year. Welcome Table, a free meal held each week, serves about 140 people every Monday, and the Vermillion Weekend Backpack Program gives food to more than 200 children every Friday. MooseRoots | Graphiq Jessica McKenzie, director of the food pantry, said she has come to expect this annual increase. “We are 1,000 people ahead of last year, and that is humongous growth for a town like ours, an organization like ours,” she said. “This pantry started just in a closet, it was a tiny thing, (it) served a couple people a year. And now we’re serving thousands and thousands of people in our community.” Often, poverty is addressed through providing schooling for uneducated people and jobs for unemployed people. However, neither is a significant issue in Vermillion, said Kelsey Collier-Wise, executive director of the United Way of Vermillion. “We have very low unemployment in Clay County. (It’s) notably low compared to the rest of the country,” she said. “Most people in poverty are working, they just aren’t making very much money at it.” As of 2015, Clay County had an unemployment rate of 3.1 percent. The national average is 5.3 percent. “It’s a very interesting dynamic to try to deal with, because it’s not our stereotypical situation of an ‘easy fix,’” McKenzie said. “We still are trying to wrap our head around what exactly is causing this.” The Clay County Poverty Task Force was formed in 2014 in order to reduce poverty and increase collaboration between like-minded organizations. Collier-Wise said the group includes all organizations that do human services work with the poverty population in Vermillion. Increased communication and newfound partnerships between these groups has been one of its greatest successes thus far, she added. While the task force has made progress addressing these issues, the causes behind them are less clear. “We were hoping that we might find the silver bullet, like this is the reason why poverty is what it is,” Collier-Wise said. “And I think what we found is it’s a lot more complicated than that.” She also said that much of the problem can be attributed to the state’s low wages. According to the Living Wage Calculator, a single parent with one child must earn $19.89 per hour to make a livable wage in Clay County. For two working adults and two children, the hourly wage must be $13.23. The hourly wage in Vermillion is $8.55. Collier-Wise said that many of the jobs needed to support USD are service jobs, like wiping tables at the MUC or stocking the shelves at Walmart. This often leaves little opportunity to move up in rank or pay. “If we had more non-university-related businesses here, in a greater variety of types of employers, I think that you would see the poverty lessen,” she said. Collier-Wise added that many of these lower-wage jobs can be filled by USD students, which makes asking for more money difficult for residents trying to support their families. FindTheHome | Graphiq Creating a strong economy Since Nate Welch accepted the position of Vermillion Area Chamber & Development Company (VCDC) director in 2014, addressing poverty through the diversification of Vermillion businesses has been at the forefront of his mind. “You’re trying to solve that poverty issue by creating a good, strong economic outlook in your community,” he said. While this has always been a priority, it’s not a process that happens quickly. Asking companies to relocate or expand isn’t an easy conversation to have, Welch said. “We’re trying to look for good jobs,” he said.  “We’re trying to look and attract good companies that will be able to stay here, that are financially strong.” When recruiting a business, it’s also important to consider if the city has the infrastructure necessary to support it, Welch said. This could include affordable housing or other amenities the business would like to see, he added. One resource Welch believes the city is doing a better job of taking advantage of is the talent that USD attracts and educates. “You’ve got the law school, the medical school, the business school and all the fine arts, fantastic athletes – but we didn’t have any jobs for them,” he said. “And so what Vermillion was able to do was starting to embrace the intellect and the experience of what they have in their community, and to be able to start going after jobs that may be more appropriate for someone coming right out of school, because we’re educating them right here.”  Feeding the line The current focus of the Vermillion Poverty Task Force is to find a building that multiple organizations can move into. Collier-Wise said the space will house the food pantry, the backpack program, Salvation Army and United Way, but other organizations can still get involved. Collier-Wise said the process is still in its early stages — they’ve looked at a few buildings and made a list of their priorities, but haven’t made any decisions yet. She added that she anticipates some fundraising to cover the added cost, but hopes that rent can be covered by the organizations’ budgets. In addition to increased efficiency in terms of stocking and sharing food, a communal space would also greatly benefit the organizations’ customers, McKenzie said. “I think the most exciting thing to me is the way that our organizations will be able to collaborate in ways that we’ve never done before, and how we could be such a one-stop shop,” she said. “We’ll be able to provide a much more comprehensive look at what they need and how we can really accelerate where they are.” Even without a shared building, McKenzie said the task force has allowed organizations to communicate like they never have before, resulting in more sharing of food and new community initiatives to help people who are food insecure, or without access to a sufficient amount of affordable, nutritious food. The new food giveaways are an example of this increased collaboration. A three-way partnership between the backpack program, the food pantry and Feeding South Dakota, the giveaways are scheduled over Christmas break, spring break and within the first and last weeks of summer – all times of the year when students go without school lunches. Another new resource in Vermillion to combat food insecurity is the Tanager Take-Out, a small food pantry located in Vermillion High School. Instead of participating in the backpack program, high school students can pick what they want each Friday afternoon. In addition to letting students pick what they’d like, the Tanager Take-Out is able to provide items not possible in the backpack program, like frozen meat, toiletries and school supplies. The pantry is open both to students and families who would prefer it over the backpack program. “The most important part, in my mind, for that is the selection,” Lushbough said. “The kids pack what they want.” Kelly Stone, a special education teacher at Vermillion High School, runs the Tanager Take-Out. She said the school pantry is a great way to fill the gaps in services for older students. Stone moved to Vermillion in 1985, and has been teaching for close to 20 years. She said she wasn’t surprised to hear Vermillion’s high rates of poverty and food insecurity. “As a teacher in our district, I fed a lot of students,” she said. “You’ll find that with most teachers. They have a side drawer with snacks, granola bars.” Sheila Beermann, business manager for the Vermillion School District, said 31.56 percent of K-12 students in Vermillion qualify for free or reduced lunch. So far, the Tanager Take-Out has provided food for 24 students and three families. Stone said she anticipates needs at the Tanager Take-Out growing, especially considering the number of free or reduced lunches that are provided by the schools.   Is poverty an issue in Vermillion? from The Volante on Vimeo. A ‘constant eye opener’ Cassondra Keller, a preschool teacher at St. Agnes Elementary School, saw students receive the backpacks while she was student teaching at Austin Elementary School. “That just made me want to get involved even more,” she said. “To see the kids get so excited about food, it made me sad but it also made me realize that I could help with that.” Keller first got involved with the backpack program while pursuing her undergraduate degree at USD. Since then, she’s become more involved with the program, and her passion for helping food insecure children has only grown. “To see these kids get the backpacks, it warms your heart,” she said. “Because then you know we’re doing something right, that we’re helping them for the weekend at least.” Though there are many USD students that volunteer for local organizations, Keller said she believes more can be done. “We’re just trying to get through assignments, we’re trying to get through tests and quizzes and our coursework and just living semester by semester — we don’t realize that so many kids in this community don’t know where their next meal is coming from,” she said. Lushbough said he’s definitely seen more awareness among students since he started Welcome Table 16 years ago. He said the process has been a “constant eye-opener.” Lushbough retired from teaching computer science in 2004, and said he missed having regular contact with students. Now that the majority of volunteers for Welcome Table and the backpack program are students, he gets more of that interaction he missed. “I tell a lot of people that that’s what really keeps me going, is all the students. That student energy is unbelievable,” he said. “Having the students involved in both these programs is really, for me, is really an unbelievable thing.” Though McKenzie believes there is still work to be done in terms of tapping into the resources that USD presents, she’s noticed more awareness of the issues in Vermillion among USD students. “I can feel a different energy coming in with this new generation,” she said. “I think there is more awareness, especially in that age group, there’s a lot more activism to change these things.” Tags Featured Trending Share this story Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Ally Krupinsky Ally Krupinsky is a junior pursuing an addiction studies major and a media and journalism minor at the University of South Dakota. She is news presentation editor for The Volante and is originally from Bismarck, North Dakota. Related Posts Campus November 16th, 2016 Students, faculty voice concerns after presidential election Around Town November 15th, 2016 Vermillion woman opens new 'thrift and gift' store downtown Campus November 9th, 2016 Local elections too close to call Facebook Comments Latest Stories Nov 16th 1:12 AM Campus Students, faculty voice concerns after presidential election Nov 15th 11:26 PM Campus Veterans reflect on meaning of Veterans Day, petition for new flagpole Nov 15th 10:29 PM Verve International students gather for weekly tea time Nov 15th 10:18 PM Verve New Dakota Days video garners more than 23,000 views Nov 15th 9:58 PM Sports Volleyball wins share of Summit League title Nov 15th 9:47 PM Sports USD prepares for faceoff with North Dakota State University following SDSU loss Nov 15th 9:38 PM State/Local Vermillion woman opens new ‘thrift and gift’ store downtown Nov 15th 9:08 PM Campus International Education Week showcases different cultures Nov 15th 8:58 PM Sports Coyote men’s basketball opens season 2-0 Nov 15th 8:50 PM Campus SGA discusses bylaws, writes phrases on construction paper at weekly meeting People of the Pack Weather Home Campus State/Local Sports Verve Opinion E-Edition Back to top The Volante The Volante is the University of South Dakota’s independent student-run newspaper since 1887. Al Neuharth Media Center The Volante 555 N. Dakota Street Vermillion, SD 57069 About About Code of Ethics History Awards Executive Staff Jobs Comment Policy Apply Advertise Engage News Tips Letters to the Editor Overheard Submission In The Know & In The Dark Contact Us Subscribe Media Partners KYOT-TV KAOR-FM Coyote Communication Coyote Creative Media & Journalism Department © The Volante 2015. All rights reserved.
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Campaign Videos Creative TV and video executions from the most innovative and market-leading brands. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories How should marketers define creativity? ABC is top à la carte TV channel Facebook faces new heat on metrics Children's internet use at record high Asia takes cross-border shopping lead UK retail sales growth hits 14-year high Korea tops viewable completion rates Indians downplay cybersecurity risk View more news IT'SUGAR builds brand on boldness 05 October 2016 AMELIA ISLAND, FL: IT'SUGAR, the candy retailer, has successfully engaged the young adult audience with a bold strategy that includes everything from provocatively named products to adopting an unapologetic brand positioning. Lauren Fleischer, IT'SUGAR's Director/Marketing, discussed this topic at the 2016 Shopper Marketing Conference held by the Brand Activation Association (BAA), a unit of the Association of National Advertisers (ANA). More specifically, she referenced the company's "Camel Balls" bubble gum and "Eat Me" range of candies, apparel and gifts as exemplifying its distinctive philosophy. "It's very easy, as a candy store, just to say, 'I'm going to sell everything that Walmart sells.' But that wasn't good enough, especially if we're going after a unique customer and trying to build a unique experience," Fleischer said. (For more strategic details, read Warc's exclusive report: How IT'SUGAR built a bold (and slightly risqué) candy brand.) "I don't know if I want to give that to a six-year-old. But would a 17-year-old appreciate that? Absolutely." The bold approach that informs how IT'SUGAR names its own-label offering equally applies to in-store and window displays, according to Fleischer. "For us, if we go through a season and we don't have anyone complaining about what's on our windows, we have a problem," she said. "While we're not doing something to piss people off, we definitely would rather people hate our brand than think nothing about us at all." In a similar vein, IT'SUGAR's packaging frequently include claims suggesting its products are "100% Gluten" or contain "extra fat" – statements that exemplify its frivolous brand character, not genuine facts. "We really want to play with: Why are the rules of society so strict? Why can't we all just enjoy a candy store for a few minutes," Fleischer said. An equivalent logic has informed its introduction of oversized products like Hershey bars and a pack of Reese's Cups weighing a pound apiece, or a 1.5-pound box of Nerds. "The thought is if we have to sell these well-known brands that everyone is going to offer, we might as well sell the biggest bag of Twizzlers you've ever had," she said. "This category of candy has really taken off." Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: How Sour Patch Kids built brand fame Hershey taps into emotion with "mind modelling" The new rules of marketing, according to Mars How Snickers used buzz to overcome 'challenger brand' status in Japan How athletes usurped chocolate milk from kids Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Related News Adapting to the seven ages of brand Brand boldness pays for Mattel The importance of revitalising a brand Other top stories How should marketers define creativity? ABC is top à la carte TV channel Facebook faces new heat on metrics Children's internet use at record high Asia takes cross-border shopping lead UK retail sales growth hits 14-year high Korea tops viewable completion rates Indians downplay cybersecurity risk View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2016 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Kmart closures, Ghost Train opening, Walmart top AL.com business news Kmart Kmart in Gardendale. (Brian McAlister | bmcalister@al.com) Print Email Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com By Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com AL.com Follow on Twitter on October 04, 2016 at 5:03 PM, updated October 04, 2016 at 6:41 PM comments Here are the top stories in Alabama business for Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016: Walmart will expand its Neighborhood Market concept this week with a new store on Jordan Lane Southwest in Huntsville. -- The U.S. Court of Appeals Monday upheld a 2014 decision by the National Labor Relations Board that employees can unionize at Alabama's Mercedes-Benz plant, even as it struck down a portion dealing with when and where information can be shared. -- A Shoals couple recently launched a company so they can spend more time with their daughter, but also to give back and create positive change within the community. Their focus? Handcrafted, Alabama-made swaddle blankets. -- A prominent Birmingham law firm is expanding its market by opening an office in Manhattan. -- More than 70 employers as well as the armed forces will be seeking workers at a job fair in Pelham on Tuesday, Oct. 11, 2016. -- The 31-story high event space and club in downtown Birmingham will undergo a multi-million dollar renovation as part of a larger rebranding. -- The chairman and CEO of Sears Holdings Corporation is squelching reports that Kmart will go out of business despite plunging stock and concerns about future bankruptcy. -- A new brewery is about to open in Birmingham. -- Follow all of Alabama's business news here anytime. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream 59° F Few Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles for fuel leak, wiper problems 8:48 am 2016 model year Dodge Durangos and Jeep Grand Cherokees were affected by the recall. Trump tweets about Ford decision on auto plans Updated: 55 mins ago Ford had planned to move the Lincoln MKC out of a factory in Louisville so it could make more Ford Escapes there Stores offering highest Black Friday 2016 discounts 8:04 am Trump taps Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG Job Updated: 38 mins ago ‘Duck Dynasty’ to wrap after 11 seasons 7:37 am Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 59° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 59° F Wind: S 16 Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 7:25 AM Sunset: 5:17 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Reds legend Johnny Bench launches anti-bullying app 6:49 am The Hall of Fame catcher is teaming up with Smithfield Foods to provide an app for teachers and administrators to connect with parents. Ohio State holds off Providence 72-67 4:32 am JaQuan Lyle scored 20 points to lead the Buckeyes past the Friars. Cincinnati Reds to play ‘Futures’ game in Dayton November 17, 2016 Ohio State moves up to 2 in CFB Playoff rankings November 15, 2016 Flyers beat ‘Bama, but may have lost Cunningham November 15, 2016 Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Table 33 November 17, 2016 Nite at the Races November 17, 2016 The Greater Dayton Apartment Association’s charitable arm, “The Rent Foundation,” is again hosting a “Nite at the Races” event on Friday nig… Thanksgiving Travel November 17, 2016 Christmas at EnterTRAINment Junction November 17, 2016 Great American Smoke Out November 17, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream Search for: Search the site 59° F Few Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 40° F Family of John Crawford III ‘encouraged’ after meeting with Justice Dept. By Jordan Bowen Published: October 4, 2016, 5:22 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Parents of John Crawford III. (WDTN Photo/Justin Kraus) Related Coverage John Crawford III’s family disappointed son’s death remains unresolved DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Crawford Family and their attorney are feeling encouraged after meeting with officials at the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington D.C. They traveled there to get more information about the investigation and an understanding about why it’s taking so long. It’s now been over 2 years since Crawford was shot and killed by Police inside the Beavercreek Walmart after picking up a BB gun off the store shelf. 37-year-old Angela Williams–a mother of four–also died that day from a heart condition. She collapsed as she ran from the store.] The meeting lasted for about 4 hours, between the family, their attorney and department officials. This was the second in-person meeting the family has had with the Justice Department. Now, Attorney Michael Wright is waiting for their final decision. “They did lead us to believe that there is still the investigation,” Wright said. “And that at some point here in the near future the investigation will close. We left encouraged and hopeful that there will be an indictment of this officer who shot and killed John Crawford.” Wright anticipates a decision to come down before the new president and their administration take office. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Lawyer involved in John Crawford III case reacts to unrest in Charlotte Dad accused of drowning baby strapped in car seat gets life Tainted heroin case may be first of its kind in U.S. The Latest: Wikileaks releases campaign exchange on emails Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you find the town's solar code agreeable? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2016 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2016-10-05 / Police Blotter Tweet Print Man accused of trying to steal from corn stand Saturday, Sept. 24 • A two-vehicle injury accident was reported at the intersection of County and Stahley roads in Clarence. A woman was transported to the hospital with minor injuries. The other driver was ticketed for passing a stop sign. Sunday, Sept. 25 • A man attempted to take money from a roadside corn stand on Clarence Center Road. The man dropped the money and drove off when the caller confronted him. The caller just wanted the incident reported. A caller reported that a man was standing on the Sheridan Drive Bridge over Transit Road. The caller was worried that the man might jump. The man was not doing anything wrong. Monday, Sept. 26 • A 24-year-old man was charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a vehicle in the third degree after a traffic stop on Kraus Road. A check of his license showed three suspensions on two dates. A 23-year-old woman was charged with petit larceny following an alleged shoplifting incident at Eastern Hills Mall. Tuesday, Sept. 27 • A resident of Keller Road reported that a vehicle was parked in a driveway of some land that he owned in the area. The vehicle was gone. It was possibly a hunter. Detectives from the Sheriff’s Office are investigating three incidents of shoplifting at Wal-Mart, possibly involving the same male subject. Wednesday, Sept. 28 • A man called to report that he had been attacked at the Walgreens parking lot at Transit and Greiner roads the night before. The man initially refused to answer his phone. When he did answer, the man said he did not want to meet with police. Several windows were reportedly broken at an unoccupied house on Garden Walk Court. Thursday, Sept. 29 • A 35-year-old man was charged with petit larceny after he changed the prices on several toys at Wal-Mart so that the store would undercharge him. He was released on an appearance ticket pending arraignment in Clarence Court. A 60-year-old man was arrested on three separate warrants involving petit larceny. The charges all stem from 2015 when he was allegedly involved in three separate shoplifting incidents at Eastern Hills Mall. The man had been picked up by North Tonawanda police on unrelated charges and was turned over to the Sheriff’s Office. Friday, Sept. 30 • A worker at a Sheridan Drive business reported getting harassing phone calls. He reported that a man is coming to get the money that he supposedly owes. The caller said he does not owe anyone money and that it is a scam. Someone crashed a vehicle on Tonawanda Creek Road and fled the scene of the accident. The owner wanted to report the vehicle stolen the next day. (Editor’s note: The Bee’s police blotter is a sampling of unusual calls received by the police department. It is not intended to be a complete record of all incidents reported.) Return to top Clarence Special Events 2016 Click for schedule Browse Archives
null
null
null
Home About Subscribe Advertise Back Issues Digital Edition Calendar People Web Archives Photos Embassy Directory 2016 Events WL Exclusive Events WL Hosted Events WL Sponsored Events Fashion Eco Chic Fashion Shoots Fashionable Life Trend Report WL Beauty Features FYIDC Editor’s Picks Gift Guide Insider’s Guide Social Calendar Who’s Next The Dish Home Life Historical Landscapes Home Design Inside Homes Interior Design My Washington Open House Property Lines Real Estate News Real Estate Roundtables Wealth Life of the Party LOP Events WL Favorites Lifestyles Book Talk Dine and Dish Get Out & Give Back Health & Wellness Hotel Watch Literature Luxury Vacations Night Life Paint the Town Performing Arts Hotel Watch Music Matters Music Notes On Stage Perfect Pitch Travel Wine & Spirits Pollywood Access Pollywood Embassy Row Diplomatic Dance Diplomatic Events Hollywood on the Potomac Media Spotlight Power Source Society 2.0 Social Diary Around Town Art and Auction Charity Spotlight Dating Scene Out and About Over the Moon Horse Country Parties Parties Parties Society Weddings Twenty Something WL Insider WL Lists 100 Most Invited A List Ambassador’s Directory Balls and Galas Directory Creative List Philanthropic 50 Power 100 Social List Substance and Style Wealth List Young & the Guest List Book Talk / Uncategorized Book Talk: Financial Adviser Jennifer Streaks by Mona Mirmortazavi · October 4, 2016 Jennifer Streaks on her financial help book, “Thrive! …Affordably,” and what you can do to keep track of your finances. Author and financial adviser Jennifer Streaks. Photo by Amir West of Photo Fanatic Photography. “Thrive! …Affordably” isn’t you’re ordinary financial help book. Instead of taking the classic approach of a “Take Charge Today! Save Money! Get Rich!” manual, author and South Carolina native Jennifer Streaks decided to create a financial help journal to get interactive with your finances. Broken down month-by-month, “Thrive!” helps you take control in a simple and effective way, tackling aspects like taxes, budget, and living your best life step by step. Using easy to understand language, Streaks creates a simple how-to that keeps you engaged and on top of your finances all year. Streaks has previously worked in financial compliance and has given breaking financial news commentary on TV networks such as Fox Business and MSNBC. “Thrive! …Affordably” was recently picked up for distribution by Walmart. Washington Life: Why did you write this book? Jennifer Streaks: After fielding many questions, I decided to write a book, or rather I had no choice but to write a book. There were some nights when I could not sleep because I had so many ideas running through my head! I used to sleep with a pen and pad next to my bed! Still do! The idea of “Thrive! …Affordably” was born. I found in my work that I was not getting questions about retirement or investments, but how to make the money last through everyday life. I also realized that people did not know where their money was going. That is why I wrote the book. I thought that if I could help people make their money go farther and last longer, that would be a big help….People want to know how to make a good life on a budget. This is important. The holidays, travel, food, work commutes, really wipe people out, so using my book helps you map out a strategy to deal with everyday expenses and plan to spend on the big ticket items. Photo by Amir West of Photo Fanatic Photography. WL: Why is this book in a journal/planner format? JS: I really thought about the format this book. I said to myself, if a financial manual that just talked at a person was going to work to get the message across, it would have done so already, so I decided to put together a financial journal, a monthly “how-to” and make it interactive so that the individual is more involved in working with their finances. You can sit down with the journal and your bills and map out your goals on a month to month basis. My favorite is that there are pages that you can use to write notes, place pictures, jot down thoughts etc. So you can really make it your own. Getting the book into Walmart was huge because it extends the reach of my message “living your best life without breaking the bank” and Walmart with its low prices is a perfect partner for that message. WL: In a nutshell, what are your tips on what women can do to take control of their financial life? JS: I think the most important thing a woman or anyone can do when it comes to their money is to know where their money is going and to understand how they spend. So many people tell me they don’t know where their money goes! Or they don’t know why their interest rates on credit cards or car notes are so high. You have to get these things under control. A quote that I love from my book is “If you plan to spend, you won’t overspend.”  So two things: Know where your money is going. Write it down. Save receipts. And plan to spend so that you won’t overspend. Shop around, plan to get the best deal. Share this: Tweet Share on Tumblr Related Tags: Jennifer StreaksMona Mirmortazavi Next story Fashionable Life: Dr. Farah Fourcand on the Runway Previous story Features: Oceans in Peril You may also like... 2011 The Young and The Guest List 9 Mar, 2011 Fashionable Life: Runway En Releve Redux 23 Nov, 2009 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Photo Trending Popular Posts Recent Posts Tags The Dish: Schlow’s Empire in a Day 14 Nov, 2016 Who’s Next: Kyle Hendrick 11 Nov, 2016 Fashion: A Jaunt in Georgetown 11 Nov, 2016 Book Talk: Snapshot of Philip Trager 9 Nov, 2016 Music Notes: Sister Sparrow and the Dirty Birds 9 Nov, 2016 Out & About: Caps Canine Calendar 19 Oct, 2016 Who’s Next: Kyle Hendrick 11 Nov, 2016 Fashion: A Jaunt in Georgetown 11 Nov, 2016 Book Talk: Snapshot of Philip Trager 9 Nov, 2016 Music Notes: Sister Sparrow and the Dirty Birds 9 Nov, 2016 Adoria Doucette Adrian Fenty angie goff Anne Kim-Dannibale Barack Obama Bill Clinton Chuck Conconi Erica Moody Hillary Rodham Clinton James Cornwell Jane Hess Collins Janet Donovan John Arundel Joseph Allen José Andrés Julie LaPorte Karin Tanabe karl Lagerfeld Kelly A. Magyarics Kelly Magyarics Kevin Chaffee Kinne Chapin Kyle Samperton Lady Gaga Lana Orloff Laura Wainman Mark Ein Michael Clements Michael M. Clements Michelle Obama Nancy Pelosi Nevin Martell Nichole Devolites Patrick D. McCoy Raul Fernandez Rima Al-Sabah Roshan Farazad Septime Webre Sheila Johnson Sheila Mulhern Steve Houk Ted Leonsis Tommy McFly Tony Powell Ursula Lauriston Washington Life Television Something went wrong. Check if the id 0 belongs to a 0 and if it exist. Like us on Facebook! Like us on Facebook! WL Digital Editions - See all issues Washington Life Magazine - November 2016 About Advertise Digital Edition Back Issues Calendar Photos Subscribe Washington Life Magazine, 2301 Tracy Place, N.W., Washington, DC 20008 USA Tel. 202.745.9788, Fax. 202.745.9268, info@washingtonlife.com © 2015 Washington Life Magazine . All Rights Reserved.
Friday, November 18, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management October 04, 2016 Comments Email Print By Peter Frost SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Kronos Foods sold to Colorado private-equity firm Gyro meat maker Kronos Foods has a new private-equity owner. Chicago-based Prospect Partners sold the Glendale Heights company to Grey Mountain Partners of Colorado. Terms were not disclosed. The sale will allow Kronos to "execute on an array of growth opportunities," said Kronos CEO Howard Eirinberg, who will remain the company's top executive. Founded in 1975 by late Greek immigrant Chris Tomaras, Kronos has expanded into one of the largest Mediterranean food manufacturers and distributors in the U.S., with annual sales approaching $130 million. The company makes and markets gyro meat, pita, yogurt, baklava, hummus and other products primarily to food-service customers across the country. It also sells some products in stores like Jewel and Wal-Mart. Eirinberg said he doesn't expect any major changes for the company, which owns and operates a 250-employee Glendale Heights factory that makes meats, breads and sauces, and a smaller facility in Madera, Calif., that makes fillo-based products such as baklava and spanakopita. “We've enjoyed the tailwinds of the growing market for Mediterranean food under Prospect Partners, and we expect even greater growth with some new investments under Grey Mountain,” he said. “For us, it's business as usual.” Kronos could become more active in mergers and acquisitions under Grey Mountain, which “is well-capitalized,” Eirinberg said. “For us to get new owners who really want to invest heavily in the company is fantastic.” Prospect Partners, which held the company for nearly 12 years, bought Kronos in 2004 from a group of New York private-equity investors who bought the business in 1994 from Tomaras, who died last year of lung cancer at age 78. Principals from Grey Mountain Partners and Prospect Partners did not return calls. Boulder, Colo.-based Grey Mountain says it manages about $700 million in assets. Peter Frost Food, Drink, Restaurants Packaged Foods Private Equity Glendale Heights Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next McDonald's to add table service and kiosks to all U.S. restaurants Another 8-figure gift for Rehab Institute How Walgreens says it was scammed by Theranos Goodman's family sold 'Go Cubs Go' just before song took off Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
BevNET Register Login Account Logout Search News Top News Videos Newswire Supplier News Project NOSH Brewbound Best of Awards Spirits & Mixers Submit News Reviews Featured Reviews Browse By Category View All Submit Product For Review Podcast Events BevNET Live Winter 2016 Full List of 2016 Events Past Events Jobs Job Listings Post a Job School Magazine Directories Marketplace / Classified Ads Supplier Finder Database BevNET Industry Guides Sign In Facebook Twitter More Networks Mobile Navigation Juiceology Expands to Costco in South East Press Release Oct. 4, 2016 at 4:06 pm More LOS ANGELES, (Oct. 4, 2016)—Juiceology, the dynamic beverage company headquartered in Southern California is now offering one of their most popular flavors Pomegranate Cranberry + Blueberry, in a 64-ounce bottle, eight pack at Costco stores in the South East region. Juiceology’s growth has placed their natural juices on the shelves of over 5000 retail stores nationwide including Wal-Mart, Safeway, Sprouts and Ralph’s. “We produce unparalleled, high quality juice blends—made with the freshest fruits and vegetables available. The tremendous reaction to our products by our loyal customers has helped speed our success,” said Juiceology Chief Executive Officer Felipe D’Avila. Juiceolgy’s premium juices are the only line in stores that contain 32% of the FDA’s recommended daily fiber value and less than 200 calories per bottle. As their retail distribution grows, Juiceology continues to innovate in the marketplace—2016 has seen the launch of their newest flavor, “Red Elements,” combining red fruits, and a healthy touch of ginger and turmeric. About Juiceology: Family-owned and Los Angeles based Juiceology takes the science of juicing to a whole new dimension with its mind-blowing juice super blends. Juiceology is the first and only line of super blend of premium juices and natural fibers that deliver an unparalleled freshly juiced experience in its purest form. The Juiceology team is closely aligned with nature’s wisdom and passionate about our planet’s most precious fruits, vegetables, and grains along with essential vitamins and minerals. Juiceology is naturally blended in six brilliant flavors: Plum/Grape/Blackberry, Blueberry Acai, Pomegranate Blue Cranberry, Peach Mango, Green Elements and Red Elements. Experience the Juiceology difference and find local retailers at www.purejuiceology.com. Latest News Q&A: Continuing the Conversation on Kombucha Chemistry Review: Wicked Lekker Combines Moringa and Rooibos BevNET Live Breakouts Sessions Announced Marketplace Beverage Glides / Merchandising View All|Post a Listing Featured Jobs Master Brewer - Melbourne, Australia - Brick La... Brand Manager (Fever-Tree) - Brands of Britain,... Regional Sales Manager - SPIKE Energy - Spike L... Distributor Sales / Relations - #iDGT - I Don&#... Territory Sales Manager - Western NY - 1911 Har... COO/Director of Operations - Roadhouse Brewing ... View All Jobs|Post a Job Additional News Dean Foods to Distribute Organic Valley Milk Review: Iconic Comes of Age Nielsen Reports Growth in Energy Drink, CSD Sales Review: Naturewise Whole Body Vitality Drinks Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter Recent Articles Features Newswire Spirits Beer Q&A: Continuing the Conversation on Kombucha Chemistry Review: Wicked Lekker Combines Moringa and Rooibos BevNET Live Breakouts: Allied Brands, Brick & Mortar, and Locking Down the Deal Dean Foods Announces Partnership to Distribute Organic Valley Milk Review: Iconic Comes of Age Nielsen Reports Growth in Energy Drink, CSD Sales Review: Naturewise Whole Body Vitality Drinks Former President of Kraft Beverage Joins Stur and FORTO as Investor and Advisor Talking Rain Beverage Co. Honored with American Cancer Society Award Dean Foods and CROPP Cooperative Form Joint Venture Califia Farms Launches Ecommerce Platform R.W. Knudsen Family Launches Sparkling Glogg Beverage Celsius Celebrates Official Launch in Singapore Coco Taps Now Available in Select Whole Foods Stores Angel’s Envy Unveils First Full-Production Distillery and Visitor Center in Downtown Louisville A. Smith Bowman Distillery Introduces Experimental Line of Distilled Spirits Diageo Launches The Singleton of Glendullan In The U.S. Seagram’s Vodka Introduces Apricot- and Grapefruit-Flavored Vodkas Valentine Distilling Company Reveals First Television Commercial Michter’s Releases First Celebration Sour Mash in Three Years Tequila Herradura Unveils Fifth Limited-Edition Colección de la Casa, Reserva 2016 – Port Cask Finished Reposado Catawba Brewing Announces Statewide Distribution in Tennessee Avery Brewing Co. Releases 2017 Calendar Brewbound Session: Discussing Pabst’s Partnership Strategy with Eugene Kashper Deschutes Brewery Assigns Chesbay Distributing in Eastern Virginia Holidaily Brewing Company adds Fat Randy IPA to Can Lineup Moody Tongue Taps Bourbon Barrel Aged Gingerbread Imperial Stout on Black Friday Oskar Blues Brewery Releasing Taproom-Only Rum Barrel-Aged Death By Coconut and Ten FIDY Spencer Brewery’s Trappist Beers Coming to Michigan As Craft Category Crowds, Shmaltz Reconfigures its Distribution Network Chicago’s First Contract Brewery Announces Opening and Clients The Bronx Brewery Releases Nameless IPA with Whole Foods Sonoma Cider Partners with United States Beverage as U.S. Sales Partner MacroPoint Accelerates Growth with $44 Million Investment Eddyline Brewery and Buena Vista Roastery collaborate on Seasonal 14’er Imperial Java Stout Arizona Coyotes Partner with SanTan Brewing on First-Ever Yotes Pale Ale Craft Beer Guild Pays TTB $750,000 to Settle Pay-to-Play Violations Creature Comforts Announces Return of Koko Buni Milk Porter Harpoon Releases Hoppy Adventure in 16 oz. Cans Hi-Wire Converts Original Brewery into Sour Facility Russian River Brewing Company and Cambrian Innovation Announce Installation of First Standalone EcoVolt MBR View All|Submit News Upcoming Events BevNET Live Winter 2016 Santa Monica, CA • Dec 5 - 6, 2016 Early Registration Open Brewbound Session San Diego 2016 San Diego, CA • Dec. 1, 2016 Early Registration Open Beverage Industry Jobs Brand Manager (Fever-Tree) - Brands of Britain, LLC Regional Sales Manager - SPIKE Energy - Spike LLC Distributor Sales / Relations - #iDGT - I Don&#39;t Get Tired Field Sales Representative - Sunshine Beverages View All|Post a Job BevNET.com BevNET.com Contact Advertise / Media Kit Event Sponsorship Submit News Submit Product Contact Us Follow Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Resources BevNET About BevNET BevNET Live BevNET Magazine Project NOSH Brewbound Navigate Beverage News Free Newsletter Industry Events Beverage Jobs Tradeshow Photos BevBoard Forums © 1996 – 2016 BevNET.com® Follow Us: Free E-Newsletters: BevNET Daily Project NOSH (Natural Food) Brewbound.com (Craft Beer) BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry. Learn MoreSubscribe Click to View Current Issue Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development. SubscribeRecent Issues The BevNET Podcast is a weekly podcast that explores current trends and news from the food and beverage industries. Learn MoreGet on iTunes
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Mu Sigma founder Dhiraj Rajaram takes control of firm Apurva Venkat & Ayan Pramanik | Bengaluru Oct 05, 2016 12:26 AM IST Dhiraj Rajaram, the founder of data analytics firm Mu Sigma, has reclaimed the top job at the firm from his ex-wife Ambiga Subramanian after he bought her shares to take his total stake to majority 51.6 per cent. In February, Subramanian had become the chief executive of Mu Sigma after the company said Rajaram moved to the US to handle clients. In May, the couple split, ending a two-decade marriage and Rajaram claiming back his stake in the company. Subramanian will continue to be an independent director on the board. On Tuesday, Rajaram said that he was in India all along. Rajaram and Subramanian had jointly built India’s largest independent analytics company helping firms such as Microsoft, Walmart Stores and Dell Inc to get more customers. They also built an in-house classroom to train young graduates to look at analytics as a career option that help spawn an industry focused on analytics. Yet, the uncertainty in the company’s ownership that began this year cost the firm dear as many professionals quit and joined rivals. Rajaram, however, claimed Mu Sigma did not lose customers. Rajaram has the backing of its investors General Atlantic, MasterCard, Fidelity Investments and Sequoia Capital, which have collectively put close $200 million in Mu Sigma, which was valued at $1.5 billion in 2013. At the same time, Rajaram is looking for fresh investments and to help its investors make reasonable exit from the company. “When another investor comes on board, we will talk about it (valuation). We have been talking to investors for 10 years now. We want to be active in the investor space,” said Rajaram. He, however, declined to comment on a lawsuit in US courts by a former investor against him, saying the matter is sub-judice. In March, Aon Corp founder Patrick G Ryan filed a lawsuit against Rajaram saying he was cheated of hundreds of millions of dollars after Mu Sigma bought back shares citing dull growth prospects. Ryan had invested $1.5 million in Mu Sigma in 2006 and was paid $9.3 million to sell his shares in 2010. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Companies Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth [ more ] Top Stories Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps Navy rubbishes Pakistani claim of blocking Indian submarine Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies Youngsters should pursue more research in maths: Narayana Murthy Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Pellet maker KIOCL to acquire 51% stake in Odisha PSU Idcol Hardcastle to double McCafe presence in next 12-18 months IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Public finds demonetisation both boon and bane: Survey Pinarayi Vijayan leads protest against curbs on co-op banks No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TILpIE Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ice tools, bicycles recalled Bicycles with a faulty seat and stools with faulty legs are among recent recalled consumer products. Other recalled consumer products include ice tools and pool alarms. Post to Facebook Ice tools, bicycles recalled Bicycles with a faulty seat and stools with faulty legs are among recent recalled consumer products. Other recalled consumer products include ice tools and pool alarms.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2dGJ1hv {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Ice tools, bicycles recalled Associated Press 3:33 p.m. EDT October 4, 2016 The head of Trango Raptor ice tools used for mountain climbing can detach from the shaft, posing a fall hazard to climbers. (Photo: COURTESY CPSC) Bicycles with a faulty seat and stools with faulty legs are among recent recalled consumer products. Other recalled consumer products include ice tools and pool alarms. Here’s a more detailed look: Ice tools DETAILS: Trango Raptor ice tools used for mountain climbing. The words “raptor” and “TRANGO” are written in white letters on the handle of the shaft. They were sold at authorized GTHI dealers and outdoor specialty stores nationwide and online at www.trango.com from October 2015 through February 2016. WHY: The head of the ice tool can detach from the shaft, posing a fall hazard to climbers. INCIDENTS: Two reports of the head of the ice tool detaching from the shaft. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 220. FOR MORE: Call GTHI at 800-860-3653 from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. weekdays, send email to raptorrecall@trango.com or visit www.trango.com and click on “Product Alerts” for more information. Bicycles DETAILS: Advanced Sports International’s 2017 model year Breezer and Fuji bicycles. The model name is printed on the frame of the bicycle. They were sold at authorized Breezer and Fuji Bicycle dealers from June 2016 through July 2016. Recalled Fuji models include Absolute 1.3 Disc, Absolute 1.7 Disc, Absolute 1.7 Disc ST, Absolute 2.1, Addy 27.5 1.3, Addy 27.5 1.5, Addy 27.5 1.7, Nevada 27.5 1.5, Nevada 27.5 1.7, Nevada 27.5 1.9, Traverse 1.9 ST, and Police Special 29. Recalled Breezer models include Downtown 3 ST, Downtown 7+, Downtown 7+ ST, Downtown 8, and Downtown 8 ST. WHY: The top clamp of the seat post can crack, posing a fall hazard to the user. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,000. FOR MORE: Call Advanced Sports International at 888-286-6263 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays or visit www.fujibikes.com or www.breezerbikes.com and click on “Recall Notice” at the bottom of the page for more information. Stools DETAILS: Mahco Inc. tripod stools with three steel legs and a REALTREE logo pattern camouflage polyester fabric seat. The steel legs have plastic caps on both ends and a round plastic hub that connects the three legs. Mahco Inc. is printed on an orange and black hang tag attached to the stools. They were sold at Walmart stores and online at Walmart.com from June 2016 through August 2016. WHY: The plastic collar that connects the three legs can break, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,600 FOR MORE: Call Walmart at 800-925-6278 from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. weekdays or visit www.walmartstores.com and click on “Product Recalls” for more information. Pool alarms DETAILS: PE12 PoolEye submersible swimming pool alarms for aboveground pools. PE12 is printed on the manual and UPC code 628208165125 is printed on the product’s packaging. They were sold at Family Leisure, Pool and Spa Depot and other authorized dealers and online at Amazon, Doheny Enterprise, Target, Walmart and other websites from June 2016 through July 2016. The alarms were also provided at no cost as part of a pool package. WHY: The ON/OFF activation switch on the pool alarm is reversed, which can cause the alarm to fail to alert consumers if a child enters the water. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 1,600. FOR MORE: Call SmartPool at 888-560-7665 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays, send email to info@smartpool.com, or visit www.smartpool.com and click on “PE12 Recall link” on the home page for more information. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2dGJ1hv More Stories Vigil honors Toms River fire chief's daughter Nov. 17, 2016, 5:51 p.m. 5 reasons environmentalists fear President Trump Nov. 18, 2016, 9:35 a.m. New audiobook: Bruce Springsteen reads 'Born to Run' Nov. 17, 2016, 7:47 p.m.
Friday, November 18, 2016 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Opinion Home   Letters in the editor's mailbag Measure 97 editorial misleading     Oct. 4, 2016   Today’s Opinion stories Providing shelter University presidents GOP leaders not on ‘same page’ quite yet Lies in the Guise of News in the Trump Era The Glass Ceiling Holds More Opinion »   The Oct. 2 editorial “Gross receipts tax: No” is misleading. The editors cited the Tax Foundation as a source of information. Nonprofit public interest groups, including the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, and economist Paul Krugman have denounced the “tax” group. The “foundation” was a major proponent of disastrous tax cuts that led to a 2015 recession in the state of Kansas. Crafting Oregon public policy shouldn’t be influenced by a group operating directly with giants like Comcast, Walmart and Wells Fargo. Those out-of-state interests are selfishly trying to protect their bloated profits. Hundreds of Oregon small businesses, economists and community groups supporting Yes on 97 are more reliable and objective. Measure 97 is a minimal tax on huge corporations, not consumers. Studies show there is no correlation between consumer prices and the taxes a corporation pays. A can of soup costs the same in North Dakota (with a high corporate tax) as it does in Oregon, which has the lowest corporate tax rate. Yes on Measure 97 would affect only 0.25 percent of Oregon’s businesses. Because that 0.25 percent includes many of the largest companies in the world, an estimated $3 billion per year would be raised. The urgently needed funding would be dedicated to health care, education and senior services. Oregonians know better than to trust huge corporate interests with public tax policy. I hope voters will see through the flawed and selfish corporate rhetoric by voting yes on Measure 97. James Jacobson Eugene More Letters in the editor's mailbag articles » Mail letters to: Mailbag, 3500 Chad Drive, Eugene, OR 97408-7348 E-mail: rgletters@registerguard.com     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Opinion stories Editorial Providing shelter Editorial University presidents Dana Milbank GOP leaders not on ‘same page’ quite yet Michael Gerson Democrats suddenly arrive at a crossroads Don Kahle Police chief offers lesson on privilege and power Nicholas Kristof Lies in the Guise of News in the Trump Era Gail Collins The Glass Ceiling Holds E.J. Dionne Against Trumpian triumphalism Kathleen Parker Guess who’s coming to the White House Garrison Keillor Life after the election Maureen Dowd Obama Fights Obliteration by Trump David Brooks The Life and Example of Gwen Ifill     Sports Oregon Men's Basketball Chris Boucher leads Oregon Ducks men’s basketball in 76-54 victory over Valparaiso Oregon had 13 more rebounds than Valparaiso. The Ducks made nearly half of their field-goal attempts. The defense was solid throughout and stingy when the outcome was decided. In summation, it was more like what … Mark Helfrich cautions Oregon Ducks to avoid off-field troubles Football is a welcome distraction Utah provides another strong run game for Oregon Ducks to defend More Sports » Entertainment Screen Cinematic: Everything you need to know about what’s playing this season Looking for family fare, like Disney’s “Moana”? Maybe more Oscar-style cinema, like the critically acclaimed “La La Land”? How about science fiction, like the Chris Pratt/Jennifer Lawrence film “Passengers”? This fall/winter season has a film … Video game review: ‘Gears of War 4’ ends the same way it begins — in beautifully gory chaos Midnight North brings its twangy Americana to Hi-Fi on Friday Review: ‘Fantastic Beasts’ expands Harry Potter universe More Entertainment » Home & Garden Interior Decorating Black-and-white baby room Six-month-old Cameron spends his waking and sleeping hours in a nursery that’s both soothing and stimulating for his fast-developing mind. Black-and-white decorating elements mingle with green plants, wheat-colored baskets and weathered wood photo frames. A … Rainy day respite in the woods Raspberry cane shell game Simple but sunny holiday centerpiece More Home & Garden »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2016 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Lake County News Lake residents flock to stores to stock up on supplies in case of damage from Matthew Bottled water Jerry Falltrom / Orlando Sentinel Bottled water is stacked toward the front of the Lowe's store on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in Mount Dora along with other items to help Lake County residents prepare for the looming Hurricane Matthew. Bottled water is stacked toward the front of the Lowe's store on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in Mount Dora along with other items to help Lake County residents prepare for the looming Hurricane Matthew. (Jerry Falltrom / Orlando Sentinel) Jerry FallstromContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy MOUNT DORA — Valerie Johnson remembers the 2004 hurricane season well and isn't taking any chances with Hurricane Matthew, which could impact Lake County. Johnson, 58, stocked up on supplies Tuesday at Wal-Mart in Mount Dora just in case Matthew's winds threaten the area. Sales of hurricane supplies were brisk at grocery, hardware and home-improvement stores. Johnson, of Mount Dora, loaded up on bottled water, batteries, snacks and charcoal. If the power goes out, she'll be ready. "That's why I got the charcoal so hopefully I could cook a few things outside of the weather's not too bad," she said. Johnson recalled that she was living in Howey-in-the-Hills when Hurricane Charley rampaged through Central Florida on Aug. 13, 2004. She remembers the date — "it was Friday the 13th." Though Lake was spared the brunt of Charley's wrath, Johnson said her apartment had severe roof damage and she had to move out. "I had to pack up the next day — everything was sopping wet inside," she said. "Wouldn't want to go through that again." Also taking precautions were Skip Richardson, 84, and his wife Alma, 81. The Lakes of Leesburg residents filled their Wal-Mart grocery cart with bottled water, milk, bread and cereal. They have plenty of ice made by their refrigerator at home to toss into coolers. The Richardsons are originally from Kentucky but have lived in Lake County for 14 years, so they know the drill. "You take it seriously but you don't get overly excited," Skip Richardson said. While many people were hoping the storm would move to the east and lesson any impact on Lake, Alma Richardson said, "I don't think it's going to blow the other way." jfallstrom@orlandosentinel.com or 352-742-5916 Copyright © 2016, Orlando Sentinel Hurricane Matthew Hurricane Charley (2004) Valerie Johnson All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 68°
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Friday, November 18, 2016 Home World U.S. Canada Climate War & Peace Economy Rights Solutions President-Elect Donald Trump #NoDAPL 2016 Key Ballot Issues Election 2016 Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Four Reasons to Say "NO" to Donald Trump Published on Tuesday, October 04, 2016 by Medium Four Reasons to Say "NO" to Donald Trump by Bernie Sanders 0 Comments Sen. Bernie Sanders has four reasons why Donald Trump is a disaster waiting to happen. (Photo: Bill B./flickr/cc) Too much of the media is looking at this presidential race as if it were a “Dancing With the Stars” contest, a World Series or the Super Bowl. It’s not. As people well know Hillary Clinton and I had some very vigorous debates during the Democratic nominating process and we certainly do not agree on every issue. Nonetheless, there is no question in my mind that she is, far and away, the superior candidate in this election. That is why I intend to work as hard as I can to see that she is elected. Here are four reasons why I support Clinton over Trump. One: At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we must not elect a president who wants to resurrect the failed trickle-down economics of the past. When the very rich are becoming much richer and there has been a 10-fold increase in the number of billionaires since the year 2000, it is economic insanity to propose, as Trump has, hundreds of billions in tax breaks to the top 1 percent. His proposal to scrap the estate tax would provide a $53 billion tax break to the wealthiest family in America, the Waltons of Wal-Mart. And guess who else would benefit? Trump’s proposal would provide a $4 billion tax break to Trump’s own family. While millions of Americans work longer hours for lower wages, it is beyond belief that any serious candidate for president would support huge tax breaks for the top 1 percent while, at the same time, propose cutting services to millions of families in need. As part of Trump’s trickle-down economics, he would throw 20 million Americans off of health insurance by repealing the Affordable Care Act. He also has proposed large cuts in education, housing, childcare, veterans’ medical care and other domestic initiatives. Donald Trump talks a great deal about our trade policies and the outsourcing of American jobs. Yet, his very own clothing line is manufactured in Bangladesh, Mexico and China. How can Donald Trump, with a straight face, object to corporate outsourcing while his own company exploits some of the lowest-paid labor on earth to make his ties, shirts and other products? I also find it strange that someone who professes to be concerned about American workers packed his economic advisory council with billionaire hedge fund managers and Wall Street bank executives. His idea for Treasury secretary is Carl Icahn, who is infamous for hostile takeovers of distressed businesses, laying off workers and eliminating health insurance and retirement benefits. This is not a candidate who will represent the needs of American workers. Unlike Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton supports raising the minimum wage to a living wage and pay equity for women. She has a very specific plan to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent paying jobs. She will also join me in making public colleges and universities tuition free for all families in America with incomes of less than $125,000 a year — 83 percent of our population. Two: Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and it is already creating devastating problems in our country and around the world. Unbelievably, despite the virtually-unanimous consensus of the scientific community that climate change is the greatest environmental crisis our planet faces, Donald Trump believes that climate change is a “hoax” perpetrated by China. The scientists tell us that we have got to move aggressively in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy. Trump’s view is just the opposite. He believes that we should expand fossil fuel production. If we want to effectively combat climate change, aggressively expand the production of sustainable energy and break our dependence on fossil fuels, we must elect Hillary Clinton. Three: Our nation has struggled for centuries to combat racism, sexism and other forms of discrimination. Sadly, Trump has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign. We simply cannot, in the year 2016, turn back the clock by electing a president whose “birther” conspiracy was a racist attack on the legitimacy of our first African-American president, whose anti-immigrant rants have slurred Mexicans as “rapists” and “criminals” and who would ban Muslims from entering the country. Trump has been called “a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot.” That’s not me talking. That’s Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican. Further, we do not need a president who continuously insults women, has called them “pigs,” “dogs” and “slobs” and seems obsessed about women’s weight. The job of the next president is to bring us together, combat sexism and racism and not divide us up. Four: Almost every objective observer has concluded that Donald Trump has taken lies and distortions to a whole new level. I don’t often quote Mitt Romney, but the former Republican presidential candidate was right when he called Trump a “fraud” and a “phony.” Major publications like The New York Times, The Washington Post and others have noted that Trump doesn’t seem to understand the difference between truth and lies. PolitiFact awarded “the many campaign misstatements of Donald Trump” as its “Lie of the Year” in 2015. The Pulitzer Prize winning website checked out 77 statements and rated more than three-quarters of them Mostly False, False or Pants on Fire. “No other politician has as many statements rated so far down on the dial,” PolitiFact concluded. The New Hampshire Union Leader has called Trump “a liar, a bully, a buffoon.” That’s coming from a conservative newspaper that for the first time in more than a century couldn’t bring itself to endorse the Republican presidential nominee. For those reasons and many more, Donald Trump must not become the next president of the United States. On November 8, the choice is clear. Hillary Clinton for president. © 2015 Medium Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2006 after serving 16 years in the House of Representatives. He is the longest serving independent member of Congress in American history. Elected Mayor of Burlington, Vt., by 10 votes in 1981, he served four terms. Before his 1990 election as Vermont's at-large member in Congress, Sanders lectured at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard and at Hamilton College in upstate New York. Read more at his website. Follow him on Twitter: @SenSanders or @BernieSanders Share This Article More in: U.S. , Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Election 2016, Bernie Sanders Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Peter Dreier Trump Isn’t Hitler. But We Should Act Like He Is. Christopher D. Cook In the Dumps? Ten Ways to Fight Trump Peter Bloom Progressives Wake Up: It’s Time to Put Centrism to Rest Mehdi Hasan As a Muslim, How Do I Tell My Child the New President Doesn’t Like Us? Ralph Nader Which Trump? Early Signs Not Good Jake Johnson Stop the Lobbyist Howard Dean, Support Keith Ellison for DNC Chair Walden Bello How Obama’s Legacy Lost the Elections for Hillary Mattea Kramer On the Road With Our American Selves Chuck Collins, Helen Flannery Gilded Giving: What Happens When Billionaires Dominate the Charitable Sector Ryan Goodman, Samuel Moyn Trump’s Whistleblowers—Why Pardoning Manning and Snowden Makes Sense Now Robert C. Koehler Election Theft and Racist Elitism John Feffer Bartleby the American More Views News That Matters Trump Empire Contains 'Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History' 'Resistance Is Courage': Author and Climate Warrior Offers Thoughts on Struggle Ahead The Islamophobic Black-Ops Master Likely to Head Trump's National Security Bernie Sanders and Broad Progressive Coalition Hold People's Rally in D.C. Wall Street and Private Prisons 'Licking Their Lips' Over Trump Presidency Under Shadow of Trump, Lame Duck Obama Unveils Bold Climate Plan Angela Merkel Sounds Death Knell for TTIP—But Don't Thank Donald Trump Sanders Warns President-Elect Trump: 'We Are Not Going Backwards' Major Trump Backer Cites Internment Camps to Defend 'Muslim Registry' 'Business-As-Usual' Climate Scenario Will Cost World Economy $12 Trillion: UN More News Further More Small Good Things: Do Not Talk To Other People That Way Amidst our national nightmare, good people are scrambling to find ways to do good and support those feeling threatened. Efforts range from the kinda lame donning of safety pins to the generous signing up of thousands of New Yorkers to accompany fearful subway riders to the bravery of Muslims reaching out to their haters to explain, "This is both our homes." And sometimes, it just takes speaking. See a good guy confront a racist jerk at a Miami Starbucks, and be like him. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for PalmBeachPost.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your PalmBeachPost.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on PalmBeachPost.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Help 73 1 2 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 73 1 2 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Breaking News 2016 Election Busin﻿ess Crime Booking Blotter Schools & Education Latest Videos Opinion Nation & World Mobile Alerts Email Newsletters Neighborhoods NEWS BLOGS Lights and Sirens Post on Politics Protecting Your Pocket Opinion Zone Real Time Malled! South Florida Retail Extra Credit Education West Palm Beat Eye on Palm Beach County All blogs MyPalmBeachPost close subnav open subnav All MyPalmBeachPost Local Community U.S. / World Politics Exclusives Sports Travel Food The Post's ePaper PREMIUM BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Post on Politics Real Time Frankly Florida Dave's Digital The Insider Weather close subnav open subnav All Weather Storm2016.com Interactive Radar Current Conditions Five-Day Forecast Follow Kim Weather+ App Storm2016.com Home Tropical Outlook Ocean Temps Tracking Map Life close subnav open subnav All Life Food & Dining Craft Beer Scene Ask Legal Experts Health Ask Health Experts Travel Notables Pets Offbeat Technology TAKE A BREAK Notables Games TV Listings CUSTOMER SERVICE Place an Announcement Place an Obituary Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Sports Videos Scores & Schedules High Schools Dolphins Heat Recruiting Gators Seminoles Hurricanes Golf SPORTS BLOGS Read the Daily Dolphin Heat Zone High School Buzz Canes Watch Gator Bytes FAU Focus From the Bunker Seminole Post Youth Sports Daily All blogs Things To Do close subnav open subnav All Things To Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add an Event Latest Videos Dining TV Craft Beer Scene THINGS TO DO BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Featured The Pop File S. Florida Super Fun Team MORE Pets Travel More close subnav open subnav All More Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Autos Public Notices Historic Archive: 1916 -  Text Archive: 1989 -  Shopping Home Design Ideas SERVICES Place a Celebration Obituary Notice Place a Classified Ad Digital Products Archives Newspapers in Education Ideabar Digital Marketing Reprints / Licensing Gallery Palm Beach 73 1 West Palm Beach, FL  33401 2 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Obituaries Newsletters Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Customer Care Real Estate Jobs Autos Contact Us Advertising Digital Products Explore these products PalmBeachPost.com MyPalmBeachPost.com Palm Beach Post ePaper PalmBeachDailyNews.com Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Some panicked, others annoyed at stores before Hurricane Matthew 0 Some panicked, others annoyed at stores before Hurricane Matthew 0 John Pacenti Palm Beach Post Staff Writer 5:14 p.m Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 0 WEST PALM BEACH Staff writer Jennifer Sorentrue contributed to this story Yriana Torres, an attorney just back from her native Puerto Rico, was in no mood for the mad rush on hurricane supplies Tuesday. She had a 1- and a 4-year-old at home and just wanted water, but she came up empty at Publix, Dollar Tree and finally the Costco on Lantana Road. At the doorway, energetic Costco employee Ellen Ondrejicka gave the bad news to customers with humor. “We have no water, no flashlights,” she said. “We got a ton of Corona and a ton of tequila.” It was hard to know whether the humor found an audience. At gas stations, big box stores and supermarkets, the first threat of a serious hurricane to Palm Beach County in more than a decade oscillated between simmering panic and mild annoyance for most residents on a relentlessly hot day that grew hotter along with some tempers. Forecasters edged Hurricane Matthew’s track at bit to the east on Tuesday morning — bad news for the Bahamas, but good news for South Florida. Still, out on the street, Matthew was making people scramble and grind their teeth. “Still, it was the first time Palm Beach County had been under a hurricane watch since Hurricane Wilma. “Everybody is stressed,” Ondrejicka said. “They are cutting at line at the gas station. There is not one empty parking spot.” And indeed, the line to the Costco gas station rolled out onto Lantana Road. Matthew turned out to be the great equalizer because at the Costco gas line, BMWs and Lincolns waited just as long as Hyundais and Kias. “I can’t even do business. All I wanted to do was fill up,” said Venn Fletcher, who works in real estate in Lake Worth. “This is crazy.” Charlotte Cove of Lantana didn’t mind. The senior who said she was in her early 80s said she didn’t have anywhere special to go so waiting 30 minutes for gas at Costco was no big deal. “I’ve survived hurricanes before and I believe I probably will survive this one,” she said. “But these meteorologists. I don’t believe them. They make such a bit too much of it.” Others were just trying to ease tensions at home. Take Chuck at the Marathon station near Belvedere Road and Lake Avenue. He didn’t want to give his last name, but he was filling up a gas can while wearing a Home Depot shirt — his employer — with one goal in mind. Marital bliss. “I’m not panicking — but everybody else has got my wife panicked,” he said. “At work, it’s crazy. The plywood, the water, the batteries are getting sold out.” On the other side of the pump was John Julian, who had his gas cans lined up in the back of his truck like tin soldiers. He was filling them up for his employer Earthlink — the Internet service provider — but on his mind was what he needed to do to secure his home. “I’m glad I just put in hurricane-proof windows,” Julian said. Meanwhile, Jose Rameau of MGM Transport was filling up the tanks for Marathon. He said he will make four trips between Palm Beach County and Port Everglades in Broward County on Tuesday to make sure gas stations have supplies. Matthew also brought out the not-so-nice side of some people. Rebecca Sheppard said she bought the last two generators at the Lowe’s home improvement store on Okeechobee Boulevard in suburban West Palm Beach. Sheppard, who owns Hotel Evernia in downtown West Palm Beach, said she had just alerted a store employee that she planned to buy the two remaining generators on the sales floor, when another shopper came along and put one of the generators in his cart. “My family comes first,” the man told Sheppard. Fortunately for Sheppard, Lowe’s employees found another generator for her at the back of the store. Tempers also were flaring at the Walmart gas station on 10th Avenue North in Palm Springs as a line of cars stretched out to the parking lot. “Come on!” yelled a young man in a pickup truck when he was blocked in by a senior citizen in a sedan who was clearly intimidated by the mob scene for fuel. Deborah Alexis, a clerk at the station, was happy she was inside of the convenience store: “It’s crazy out there. People have been blowing their horns at each other all day.” Not everybody was in hurricane preparing mode. Raymond Lindquist of Lake Clarke Shores was filling up his gas can at Walmart but said it was for his lawnmower. “It will be a little windy and rainy,” he said. “It’s going to give us a glance.” Then there was Wrensford Snagg, who was buying plywood at Home Depot on Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard. His job was to move a doorway at The Arc, which helps disabled children. “Anytime there’s a hurricane, people go crazy. They are panicking for no reason,” he said. Inside, though, the pragmatic bought supplies. Matt Nelson of West Palm Beach had four cases of water along with some small propane tanks and batteries. He still remembers going through three hurricanes — Frances, Jeanne and Wilma — more than a decade ago and just wanted to be prepared. Nelson said he was concerned for his daughter who lives in Wilmington, N.C., where the storm might head after it moves by Florida. Another resident who remembered the hurricanes of the past decade was Johannes Lombard. He was buying supplies at Home Depot and said he just ordered a generator on Amazon. “I’m worried about the power going off and being without electricity for three weeks,” he said. View Comments 0 Most Read Man dissolves after trying to soak in Yellowstone hot pool Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County What Dolphins coach Adam Gase said Thursday before LA Rams game | The Daily Dolphin Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 73 33401 1 2 Most Read Man dissolves after trying to soak in Yellowstone hot pool Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County What Dolphins coach Adam Gase said Thursday before LA Rams game | The Daily Dolphin Things To Do Add Event + See More Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Close SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS LIFE NEIGHBORHOODS CLASSIFIEDS THINGS TO DO VIDEOS PARTNERS FIND N SAVE KUDZU AUTOTRADER VALPAK PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS IDEABAR DIGITAL SERVICES SHORTCUTS OBITUARIES PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS REAL ESTATE JOBS AUTOS ADVERTISE WITH US PLACE AN ANNOUNCEMENT DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER CARE SUBSCRIBE FUN GAMES FOLLOW US MOBILE ALERTS NEWSLETTERS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE PINTEREST UTILITIES ARCHIVES MEMBER CENTER WEATHER TRAFFIC MAP PUBLIC NOTICES GALLERY PALM BEACH NEWSPAPERS IN EDUCATION REPRINTS / LICENSING INTERNSHIPS PRODUCTS PalmBeachPost.com - Get Palm Beach County's News Now myPalmBeachPost - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More ePaper - Read Today's Paper The Palm Beach Post - Real News Starts HereSubscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
News Mugshots Business Cards Obituaries 2016 2015 Trade or Sell More Info Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Contact Us Community Links Events Community Church How To Enter Events Submit Your Event WTSB Listen Now Program Schedule WMPM History Coverage Map Advertise Staff Carl’s Book Contact WTSB Pair Accused Of Prescription Fraud October 4, 2016 2:05 pm Two women are facing fraud charges after obtaining prescription pills from the Wal-Mart pharmacy in Smithfield. Police are still trying to determine how the women committed the crime. On Sunday, a customer dropped off a prescription for percocet and amoxicillin. Police said the two suspects, Debrah Ann McRae, 36, and Lisa Lewis, 40, both of West Street, Smithfield were able to obtain the identification of the customer and pick up the prescription without the victims knowledge or consent. Captian T.S. Choe said officers are trying to determine how they obtained the customers identification. McRae and Lewis were arrested Monday in the roadway near their residence. Both suspects are charged with obtaining a controlled substance by fraud, obtaining property by false pretenses and possession with intent to sell or deliver a controlled substance. They were both confined in the Johnston County Jail under a $60,000 bond each.         Johnston County’s #1 Local News Source Email event information to Events@JoCoReport.com General Questions: Email our staff at Info@JoCoReport.com News Related Questions or Issues: Email our News Desk at News@JoCoReport.com Want to advertise with us? Email our sales staff at Advertise@JoCoReport.com ©2016  Lamm Media Group       JoCoReport.com P.O. Box 90 – Smithfield – NC – 27577  
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> Local News Broward News Lauderdale Lakes News Killer of Lauderdale Lakes man, 50, sought Parking lot shooting Jim Rassol Authorities investigate a shooting where a man identified as Kennedy Lee, 50, of Lauderdale Lakes was killed in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart at the corner of Oakland Park Boulevard and State Road 7 on Sunday afternoon. Authorities investigate a shooting where a man identified as Kennedy Lee, 50, of Lauderdale Lakes was killed in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart at the corner of Oakland Park Boulevard and State Road 7 on Sunday afternoon. (Jim Rassol) Investigators want to know who fatally shot a man, 50, in Lauderdale Lakes The Broward Sheriff's Office is trying to find out who killed a 50-year-old Lauderdale Lakes man. Kennedy Lee was gunned down Sunday in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart at 3001 N. State Road 7 in Lauderdale Lakes. According to the agency, deputies were called shortly after 2 p.m. about reports of a shooting and found Lee with a gunshot wound. Lee, who lived along the 2900 block of Northwest 33 Way, was taken to Broward Health Medical Center where he died at about 3 p.m. The shooting remains under investigation. The sheriff's office ask anyone with information about the case to contact Detective Joe Sedawie at 954-321-4328. Tips can also be made, anonymously, to Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-8477 or online at browardcrimestoppers.org. Anonymous tips that lead to an arrest are eligible for a reward of up to $3,000. Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Crime Shootings Broward County Sheriff's Office Man dies after shooting in Lauderdale Lakes parking lot, police say Parking lot shooting All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°
null
null
Blog Categories 700 MHz spectrum Administrative Airvoice Alltel Amp'd Mobile AT&T Boom Mobile Boost Mobile Callingmart Canadian Wireless Cell Accessories Chit Chat Mobile Consumer Cellular Consumer Issues Cricket FAQ FreedomPop Google GoSmart Mobile Helio iPhone Jitterbug Jolt Mobile kajeet Liberty Wireless MetroPCS Mobile Advertising Mobile Apps Mobile Data Mobile Gaming Mobile Safety Mobile Video MVNO Net10 Network Carriers News O2 Wireless Page Plus PlatinumTel Prepaid Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Data Plans Prepaid Faceoff Prepaid Phones Prepaid Podcast Prepaid Services Prepayd Wireless Red Pocket Republic Wireless Ring Plus Ringtones Simple Mobile Sprint Straight Talk T-Mobile Telcel Usa Text Messaging Ting Total Call Mobile Touch Mobile Tracfone U.S. Cellular Uncategorized Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile Voyager Mobile Walmart Family Mobile Whimsy Subscribe Grab the Feed Poll How often do you use your prepaid cell phone? Multiple times a day Once a day A few times a week A few times a month Less than once a month View Results  Loading ... Blogroll Engadget Gizmodo Crave by CNet Engadget Mobile RIMarkable Daily Wireless Go Harsh TracFone Opens Stores, Refocuses on Customer Service posted by Mary G. on October 4th, 2016 - 12:23 pm   |   Tracfone Tweet Hi there! If you're new to the site, you may want to subscribe to the the feed. TracFone Wireless is the top selling prepaid brand in the United States, and there are no signs of it slowing down yet. The company is working on improving its customer service as well as expanding its already massive customer base. Over the summer, TracFone announced plans to start opening TracFone exclusive stores. Since the announcement in June, the company has opened five locations. With locations currently in Miami, Brooklyn, Bronx, Chicago, and Huntington Park so far and more in the works, TracFone said that the purpose of these stores is simple. The company wants to keep everything in once place, allowing customers to shop for accessories, get assistance in comparing plans, or even bring phones in to be activated. This is a pretty big deal for TracFone, as previously the company’s 25 million customers did pretty much everything online. I would say this is primarily an attempt to improve its customer service, which is a good thing because in my experience it’s horrible and desperately needs attention. I’m not sure the stores will facilitate a big customer growth in a world that is increasingly reliant on technology and the internet, although TracFone doesn’t need much help in that department. On its website, TracFone also boasts a number of MVNOs it has acquired throughout the years including Simple Mobile, Net10, PagePlus, Telcel, Safe Link, and Total Wireless. All of these companies still have their personal website, but if you scroll to the bottom you’ll see they are provided by TracFone. TracFone has recently added GoSmart and Walmart Family Mobile to its list of MVNO’s, as reported by Prepaid Phone News. While there have not been any noticeable changes with Walmart Family Mobile or GoSmart yet, both companies are expected to end up with a TracFone brand on their websites. This brings TracFone’s total MVNO count to eight. While there is definitely still a large number of companies that operate outside of TracFone, other smaller companies continue to merge or quietly shut down. In the last year we have seen PTel and Giv Mobile go out of business, and Unified Signal bought out Puppy Wireless and Data Jack. Of course, companies can only decrease prices so much to still get a profit. As larger companies continue to acquire more, and smaller companies continue to struggle to keep up, we could start to see a decrease in competition. With less competition, we can expect price increases for prepaid users. While this may not be a pressing issue, I sadly expect to see it progress in the future. You can check out TracFone’s various plans, companies acquired, and store locations in detail on its website. Logging In... Profile cancel Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook or Comment Name EmailNot published Website Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Main Site Home Provider Reviews Blog Activation Guides Compare Prepaid Plans We Help You Decide Prepaid Podcast Advertising Contact Prepaid Cell Phone Reviews Home | About Our Ratings | Contact Us | Privacy Information | Disclosure | Advertise ©2004-2016 Prepaid Reviews.com - All Rights Reserved. No information on this site may be copied or republished in any medium without express written consent. Prepaidreviews.com is an independent telecommunications company. All trademarks, logos and brand names shown on this website are the sole property of their respective companies and are not owned by PrepaidReviews.com.
null
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close 17 from D-FW earn spots on Forbes' 2016 richest Americans list Filed under Billionaires at Oct 4 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Paul O'Donnell, Business Editor Connect with Paul O'Donnell On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now It wasn't a good year to be a billionaire in the oil and gas business. The list of 17 North Texans appearing on Forbes' 2016 ranking of richest Americans is loaded with sports team owners (three of the region's four major franchises), entrepreneur investors and even an heiress.  Alice Walton of Fort Worth, an heir to the Wal-Mart fortune created by her father, remained the richest Texan on the list, coming in at No. 13 overall with a net worth $35.4 billion. Microsoft founder Bill Gates topped the ranking, with a net worth of $81 billion. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, whose net worth has become an issue in the campaign, came in at No. 156 on the list at $3.7 billion. His fortune dropped from $4.5 billion a year earlier -- a nearly 18 percent decline. Walton saw her worth rise 10 percent from last year. (Oh, yeah, she's also trying to sell her 1,435-acre ranch and horse farm west of Fort Worth.) Six other Walton family members also appear on the list. In Dallas, banker Andrew Beal continued his reign as the city's richest man. His fortune totaled $8.9 billion this year, down from Forbes' $11 billion estimate last year. Beal made headlines several times this year when he bought two of the most expensive homes in Dallas real estate history within a span of a few months. The estates were formerly owned by Tom Hicks and Trammell Crow. Beal, typically one to avoid the limelight,  was profiled by The News in 2010 when he first gained notoriety for his wealth. He's one of 13 members of presidential candidate Donald Trump's economic advisory team. But it's the rise and (relative) fall of the oilmen that stands out this year in Dallas-Fort Worth. Notable names like Kelcy Warren, Ray Hunt and Trevor Rees-Jones saw their net worth drop this year, as plunging oil prices took their toll on personal portfolios.  Warren's drop was the most precipitous, tumbling from $5.5 billion in 2015 to $3.2 billion this year. It was a rocky year for Warren, whose pipeline firm Energy Transfer first backed out of a mega-merger with the Williams Cos. of Tulsa and then encountered Native American protests across the nation over its Dakota Access pipeline project. Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones (top left), pipeline magnate Kelcy Warren and Wal-Mart heiress Alice Walton are among the richest in Texas, based on Forbes' 2016 rankings. Sports team owners Jerry Jones and Mark Cuban continued to build on the brand equity of their teams, as both saw their personal fortunes rise. Jones' Dallas Cowboys became the first NFL franchise worth $4 billion in a separate Forbes ranking. Here are the North Texans on this year's list: #13: Wal-Mart heir Alice Walton, 66, Fort Worth: $35.4 billion (up from $32 billion in 2015) #49: Banker Andrew Beal, 63, Dallas: $8.9 billion (down from $11 billion) #82: Omni Hotels owner Robert Rowling, 63, Dallas: $6 billion (down from $6.1 billion) #94: Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, 73, Dallas: $5.2 billion (up from $5 billion) #94: Chief Oil & Gas founder Trevor Rees-Jones, 65, Dallas: $5.2 billion (down from $5.3 billion) #111: Hunt Consolidated CEO Ray Hunt, 73, Dallas: $4.8 billion (down from $5.7 billion) #142: H. Ross Perot Sr., 86, Dallas: $4 billion (no change) #150: Energy Transfer CEO Kelcy Warren, 60, Dallas: $3.8 billion (down from $5.5 billion) #204: Dallas Mavericks owner and entrepreneur Mark Cuban, 58, Dallas: $3.2 billion (up from $3 billion) Clockwise from top left: Andrew Beal, Ray Hunt, Robert Rowling, H. Ross Perot Sr., Trevor Rees-Jones and Mark Cuban. #239: Robert Bass, 68, Fort Worth: $2.8 billion (down from $3 billion) #274: TPG private equity firm co-founder David Bonderman, 73, Fort Worth: $2.5 billion (down from $2.6 billion) #290: Ray Davis, 74, Dallas: $2.4 billion (down from $3 billion) #335: Gerald Ford, 72, Dallas: $2.1 billion (no change) #361: W. Herbert Hunt, 87, Dallas: $1.9 billion (down from $2.3 billion) #374: Edward Bass, 71, Fort Worth: $1.8 billion (down from $2 billion) #374: Lee Bass, 60, Fort Worth: $1.8 billion (down from $2 billion) #374: Sid Bass, 74, Fort Worth: $1.8 billion (down from $2 billion) Not making the list this year were prominent Dallas-area businessmen H. Ross Perot Jr., Todd Wagner, Darwin Deason and Kenny Troutt. All were included in Forbes' ranking in March of the world's billionaires. Billionaire philanthropist Robert Smith of Austin is the second-highest private donor - at $20 million - to the new National Museum of African American History and Culture. Oprah Winfrey beat him by $1 million.  Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post Sixteen other Texans made the list, including 12 from the Houston area, three from Austin and one from Temple: #20: Michael Dell, 51, Austin: $20 billion #69: Richard Kinder, 71, Houston: $7 billion #94: Dannine Avara, 52, Houston: $5.2 billion #94: Scott Duncan, 33, Houston: $5.2 billion #94: Milane Frantz, 47, Houston: $5.2 billion #94: Randa Williams, 55, Houston: $5.2 billion #134: Jeffery Hildebrand, 57, Houston: $5.1 billion #174: Dan Friedkin, 51, Houston: $3.6 billion #184: Robert McNair, 79, Houston: $3.5 billion #214: John Paul DeJoria, 72, Austin: $3.1 billion #232: John Arnold, 42, Houston: $2.9 billion #246: Tilman Fertitta, 59, Houston: $2.7 billion #274: Robert Smith, 53, Austin: $2.5 billion #290: George Bishop, 78, The Woodlands: $2.4 billion #361: Leslie Alexander, 73, Houston: $1.9 billion #361: Drayton McLane Jr., 80, Temple: $1.9 billion View Comments Tags Billionaires Business Economy Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 29 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Hurricane watch issued, Treasure Coast prepares Barry Love (front) and Dave Clements install aluminum hurricane shutters at Dave's neighbor's mobile home inside the Lakewood Village mobile home park on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in preparation for approaching Hurricane Matthew. Post to Facebook Hurricane watch issued, Treasure Coast prepares Barry Love (front) and Dave Clements install aluminum hurricane shutters at Dave's neighbor's mobile home inside the Lakewood Village mobile home park on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in preparation for approaching Hurricane Matthew.  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://www.tcpalm.com/picture-gallery/news/local/florida/2016/10/04/hurricane-watch-issued-treasure-coast-prepares/91542350/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Hurricane watch issued, Treasure Coast prepares None Barry Love (front) and Dave Clements install aluminum hurricane shutters at Dave's neighbor's mobile home inside the Lakewood Village mobile home park on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in preparation for approaching Hurricane Matthew. ERIC HASERT/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Residents wait to get gas Tuesday, OCt. 4, 2016, at the pumps at the new Wawa station at Kanner Highway and Monterey Road in Stuart. WILL GREENLEE/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Jorge Cruz (right) of Port St. Lucie helps Annetta Smith (center) and Twilah Smith (left) also of Port St. Lucie, close up their gas cans after filling them at a Valero gas station on SW Cashmere Blvd., in Port St. Lucie on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. "We want to make sure that our tanks are filled up and that we have enough for our generator which we haven't used since the 2004 storms. We hope it still works!" said Annetta Smith. The pair still had to go rent a U-Haul and pick up their plywood. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Carol Harrington disassembles her boat canopy Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, at the Vero Beach Municipal Marina as she prepares for Hurricane Matthew to make landfall. Harrington lives full-time on her boat and is planning on moving her vessel away from the marina and tying up among the mangroves in the lagoon. "This will be the first time I've ridden out a storm on a boat," Harrington said. PATRICK DOVE/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Mike Canady of Port St. Lucie gets plywood and water from Lowe's in Jensen Beach as he prepares for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016. "I've been through hurricanes before but this one seems a little bigger. I want to be prepared," he said. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None The Valero gas station on SW Cashmere Boulevard near SW St. Lucie West Boulevard in Port St. Lucie was out of regular and mid-grade gasoline by early afternoon on Tuesday, October 4, 2016, as St. Lucie County residents prepared for the arrival of Hurricane Matthew. Several buyers were unhappy when they realized that the price for regular gas was 30 cents cheaper at a gas station across the street. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Houston Arruda of Port St. Lucie loads new hurricane shutters into the back of his truck on Tuesday, October 4, 2016, at Home Depot on SW St. Lucie West Blvd. in Port St. Lucie. "This will be my third hurricane," said Arruda. "I want to be prepared. It's better to be safe than sorry." Residents across the Treasure Coast are preparing for the arrival of Hurricane Matthew which is expected to affect the area on Thursday. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Images of Treasure Coast residents in Port St. Lucie and Jensen Beach making preparations for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. MOLLY BARTELS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Home and business owners work their way through the lumber aisle at Lowe's in Vero Beach, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in preparation for Hurricane Matthew. PATRICK DOVE/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Customers at Lowe's prepare for the effects of Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, buying plywood to board up windows. PATRICK DOVE/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Steven Lauer, an attorney in Vero Beach, places storm covers on his office building on Ocean Drive, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016. PATRICK DOVE/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Chris Ross, of Vero Beach, loads sections of wood purchased at Lowe's in the back of his truck Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 to cover windows at his house in preparation for Hurricane Matthew. Ross has lived in Vero Beach for 40 years and said hurricanes are just a part of life here. PATRICK DOVE/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Ryan Hartmann, left, helps Travis Purvis load wood into a trailer in the parking lot of Lowe's in Vero Beach, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 in preparation for Hurricane Matthew. PATRICK DOVE/TREASURE COAST NEWS None Customers at Publix at Taylor Creek in Fort Pierce are stocking up on bottled water Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in prep for Hurricane Matthew. LAURIE K. BLANDFORD/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Cars line up at the Wabasso Citgo Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, filling up in preparation for Hurricane Matthew. LAMAUR STANCIL/TREASURE COAST NE None "There's no batteries, no water, nothing," said Melissa Shasteen of Stuart. She was told they would restock at 4 p.m. "I wanted to get water, I wanted to get canned goods" LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Melissa Shasteen of Stuart holds the last two packs batteries she could find at the Stuart Walmart. "That was all that was left, there was two more left." LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Michael Catapano of Vero Beach secures some plywood to his roof at the Home Depot on 58th Avenue on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in preparation for the arrival of Hurricane Matthew. "After hurricanes Frances and Jeanne at 122 mph, I have a whole new respect for wind," Catapano said. "I've never really feared wind before then." ERIC HASERT/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Ainsley Meeker, 2, of Stuart, was emotional after shopping with her mother, Stephanie (not pictured), in preparation for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 at Walmart in Stuart. "Are you scared of the hurricane?" Stephanie asked. LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Ainsley Meeker, 2, of Stuart, was emotional after shopping with her mother, Stephanie, in preparation for Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 at Walmart in Stuart. "Are you scared of the hurricane?" Stephanie asked. LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Jenny Walker, of Jensen Beach, (from left) Mercedes Pardo, of Rio, and Megan Sandell, of Jensen Beach, discussed Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 at Chastain Beach in Stuart. The friends plan on having fun and staying with each other during the storm and will return to the ocean when it's over. "We plan to come out here right after the storm," Walker said. LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Kirk Rampy (front) and his mother, Margrit Finnegan, both of Stuart, went to Chastain Beach ahead of Hurricane Matthew on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 in Stuart. "He's caught some great waves today," Finnegan said. LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Mike Janssen (bottom left) and Shane Janssen (bottom right), both of Jensen Beach, watch the ocean on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 at Chastain Beach in Stuart. "We're stoked for the waves coming in," Mike said. LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None The main parking lot of WalMart in Stuart is full Tuesday morning, Oct. 4, 2016. LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None "There's no batteries, no water, nothing," said Melissa Shasteen, of Stuart, after she prepared for Hurricane Matthew by stocking up on supplies on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 at Walmart in Stuart. LEAH VOSS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Businesses begin putting up hurricane shutters in downtonw Vero Beach Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016 in preparation for any wind and rain coming later this week from Hurricane Matthew. ERIC HASERT/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Jose Garcia got plywood at Home Depot in Stuart Tuesday morning. Garcia, a fireman in Palm Beach County, said he's getting prepared now because he is on shift on Thursday. WILL GREENLEE/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS None Plywood is in demand at home improvement stores. ELLIOTT JONES/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 36 2 of 36 3 of 36 4 of 36 5 of 36 6 of 36 7 of 36 8 of 36 9 of 36 10 of 36 11 of 36 12 of 36 13 of 36 14 of 36 15 of 36 16 of 36 17 of 36 18 of 36 19 of 36 20 of 36 21 of 36 22 of 36 23 of 36 24 of 36 25 of 36 26 of 36 27 of 36 28 of 36 29 of 36 30 of 36 31 of 36 32 of 36 33 of 36 34 of 36 35 of 36 36 of 36 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide None Barry Love (front) and Dave Clements install aluminum hurricane shutters at Dave's neighbor's mobile home inside the Lakewood Village mobile home park on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in preparation for approaching Hurricane Matthew. ERIC HASERT/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Sears Holdings CEO Says Kmart Is Not Going Anywhere Eddie Lampert wants to reassure the public heading into the holiday season. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Oct 4, 2016 at 11:10AM Kmart has been closing locations, but its CEO says it will not be shutting down. Image source: Sears Holdings. There was a time when Sears dominated the retail space in the United States. The company had a massively successful catalog and a number of house brands that had a reputation for quality. Sears may never have been a sexy or trendy place to shop, but it was a steady pillar of many communities, anchoring malls while giving middle-class people a reasonable place to shop. Those days, however, have long since passed. The company's catalog shut down in 1993, made irrelevant first by the growth of Wal-Mart and now seemingly ridiculous in an internet-driven world. In fact, the early 1990s may have been the beginning of what has been a long slide for the chain. Sears has been struggling to find a business model that works in a world dominated by rivals including Wal-Mart and Amazon.com. Sears merged with Kmart in 2004, creating Sears Holdings (NASDAQ:SHLD), and it has been steadily losing money while getting smaller.  In April, it released plans to close 68 Kmart locations and 10 Sears stores that had been losing money. That followed over 100 locations split between the two brands that closed in 2015 and around 200 that shuttered the year before.  It's a trend that, coupled with ongoing losses and the company having to borrow money from a hedge fund controlled by CEO Eddie Lampert, makes it reasonable to consider whether Sears and Kmart may be on their way out. Most specifically, many shoppers have seen Kmarts closing around the country, leading to questions about whether that brand has a future. Lampert says it does and he has posted an impassioned message attempting to reassure consumers as the critical 2016 holiday season approaches. What the CEO is saying In a post on Sears Holdings' blog, Lampert laid out some of his strategy to revive both brands, pointing to a new partnership with Shop Your Way (an online shopping service owned by the company), Sears Auto Centers, and Uber as an example of how the company is being transformed. He also specifically addressed the rumors that Kmart would soon be shut down, calling them "frequent false and exaggerated claims." "Recent reports have suggested that Kmart will cease its operations. I can tell you that there are no plans and there have never been any plans to close the Kmart format," he wrote. "In fact, we've been working hard to make Kmart a more fun, engaging place to shop, powered by our integrated retail innovations and Shop Your Way. To report or suggest otherwise is irresponsible and is likely intended to do harm to our company to the benefit of those who seek to gain advantage from posting these inaccurate reports." Lampert noted that Kmart still has over 700 locations, with a "significant number" of them already achieving profitability. He explained that the company's goal is to improve the performance of unprofitable stores, but he did acknowledge that any locations that could not be improved would be closed. "... we have been clear that we are intent on improving the performance of our unprofitable stores and, if we cannot, we will close them. Actions to improve our store productivity, including reducing inventory stored in the stockrooms, are designed to make our stores easier to operate and to eliminate unproductive inventory and processes," he wrote. "Decisions to close stores are never easy, but we recognize that the way people are shopping is changing significantly. This is why we have made major investments in our online and mobile platforms and this is why our focus on serving members through Shop Your Way is so important." Not done yet While there have been numerous media reports suggesting that Sears Holdings will close Kmart or shut down entirely, it's worth noting that the company still has considerable assets. That includes a large amount of real estate as well as house brands including Craftsman Tools, Kenmore appliance, and DieHard car products. "We have a process under way to create value by positioning our Kenmore, Craftsman and DieHard businesses as well as our Sears Home Services business to benefit from broader distribution and partnerships that will allow them to grow beyond Sears Holdings," Lampert wrote. "We also possess a significant portfolio of real estate assets with an opportunity to create value through improving our retail productivity and by monetizing them in a variety of ways." The CEO was clear that the company would be aggressive in closing locations where it can't make money, but he also made it clear the chain expects to continue to operate, even if its focus shifts. "We expect to end up with a large chain of stores, some owned and some leased, but with a company focused on serving members broadly through Shop Your Way rather than exclusively or predominantly through our stores," he wrote. "Our stores remain extremely important to our future, but as part of an overall focus on serving our Shop Your Way members." Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He buys pants at Sears, but rarely goes there and cannot remember the last time he entered a Kmart. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Oct 4, 2016 at 11:10AM Consumer Goods Stocks Sears Holdings NASDAQ:SHLD $12.44 no change (0.00%) Read More It's Time to Stop Doubting Best Buy McDonald's Stock Needs More Than Table Service to Win Donald Trump's Name is Everywhere -- But What Does He Actually Own? You Won't Believe the Huge Mistake This Gunmaker Is About to Make Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Takeaways From Costco's Earnings Report What investors should know about the warehouse retailer's latest operating trends. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 4, 2016 at 11:25AM Costco's (NASDAQ:COST) stock rose last week after the warehouse retailer posted its quarterly earnings results. The company overcame deflation in the grocery industry and a major disruption in its membership base to show steady sales and profit growth. On the other hand, it revealed a slowdown in customer traffic gains. With that big picture in mind, here are a few key takeaways for investors from last week's report. Image Source: Getty Images. Slowing sales growth Revenue growth was steady for the quarter but slowed down overall. Costco reported flat comparable-store sales that, after adjusting for swings in the price of gasoline, were up 3% -- or on par with the prior quarter's result. There's no question that the longer-term trend is showing a downtick in the retailer's growth pace, though. Comps were 4% for the full year, compared to 7% in fiscal 2015 and 6% in each of the previous four years. Comp sales excluding currency changes and gasoline price swings. Data source: Costco financial filings. The good news for investors is that the warehouse giant continues to lead the industry in growth. Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is expanding at a below-2% pace and Kroger (NYSE:KR) recently had to lower its 2016 outlook as its comps slumped. Yet Costco's awesome customer traffic growth streak (seven straight years of 4% or higher gains) has ended. Executives said traffic ticked up by 2.5% this quarter, compared to 3% in the prior quarter. Positive membership trends Membership fees, Costco's real engine of profits, rose by a healthy 6%. That gain helped net income tick higher by 2% to $779 million, translating to $1.77 per share of earnings. Consensus estimates, meanwhile, were targeting just $1.73 per share. It was the first time in three straight quarters that Costco beat, rather than missed, earnings expectations. In a conference call with investors, Costco's management said the fee results were boosted by membership growth as the retailer opened up 10 new warehouses. Executives also succeeded at pushing the executive membership tier that provides bigger shopping benefits in exchange for a higher yearly charge. That segment now accounts for roughly one-third of the membership base -- up from 25% a decade ago -- and Costco aims to push that figure up to as high as 50% over time. The company's aggressive store expansion pace should keep membership numbers climbing higher. Costco opened 29 new warehouses last year, and plans to do the same this year, compared to 23 store launches in fiscal 2015. Fees and renewals Investors should keep a close eye on subscriber renewal rates over the next few quarters. After remaining at a record high last year, they ticked lower recently. The latest decline was to 90.3% in the U.S. from 90.4% in last year's Q4: Renewal rates in the U.S. Data source: Costco financial filings. Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti told analysts that the decrease was likely a temporary issue connected to the switch-over in co-branded credit card (to American Express from Visa). Costco pulled a similar change in the Canadian market and renewal rates dipped there before rebounding roughly 18 months after the switch opened up credit card applications again. If that pattern holds in the U.S., renewal rates might look weak for another few quarters. The second big wild card is membership fees. Now that Costco has put its tricky credit card change behind it, executives might finally be ready to pull the trigger on raising the annual cost of membership. After all, it's been nearly six years since the last increase and the retailer has raised prices about every five to six years. The next hike should give a solid boost the company's bottom line, but it won't happen until management is feeling confident about the strength of its membership metrics. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale and Visa. The Motley Fool recommends American Express. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 4, 2016 at 11:25AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.72 down $0.47 (-0.68%) Kroger NYSE:KR $33.52 no change (0.00%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $150.80 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Read More Better Buy: Costco Wholesale Corporation vs. Amazon 3 Retail Stocks You Don't Have to Babysit Costco's CEO Has a Simple Recipe for Making Money 4 Things Costco's Management Wants You to Know Is Stock Market Genius Joel Greenblatt Right About Costco Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Pop Culture TV Hip Hop Music News Sports Videos Humor Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Gossip On This Home Pop Culture TV Hip Hop Music News Sports Videos Humor Pop Culture Celebs Nene Leakes’ Teenage Son Robbed During “So Nasty, So Rude” Comedy Tour Stop in Chicago Published: October 4th 2016 |  By Devarrick Turner Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Nene Leakes wasn’t cracking many jokes at one of her recent comedy shows. The TV personality’s son was robbed during a Chicago stop of her So Nasty, So Rude comedy tour. But before you make any assumptions, this is not karma for Nene’s older son, Bryson Bryant, who shoplifted $28 worth of razors from Wal-Mart in 2011. Nene’s youngest son, Brentt Leakes, was robbed last week (Sept. 28) at The Promontory. The 17-year-old was selling merchandise from the tour when an adult male demanded a refund. Brentt did not oblige and the man ran off with Brentt’s backpack, which contained his laptop and wallet. Police have seen surveillance footage of the robbery and the investigation is ongoing. No arrests have been made. Also, no one was hurt during the incident. In light of Kim Kardashian being held at gunpoint and robbed of nearly $9 million worth of jewelry, I’m glad Brentt’s situation was not as serious and he’s safe. However, I’m sure the teenager was still shaken up over the incident. Nene nor any of her reps have commented on the matter. I bet she’s going to continue selling merch though, in order to get her coins. And for anyone planning to see the novice comedian live, NO REFUNDS! TAGS Brentt Leakes Chicago NeNe Leakes robbed So Nasty So Rude SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Allen Davis Hahaha! Don’t worry NeNe I won’t need a refund. I have NO intentions of buying any thing you’re pedaling. On the other hand, I’m glad your son Brentt, wasn’t harmed. You should talk to him about the risk factors and safety issues surrounding your #berlebrity lifestyle. Don’t let him become a victim boo boo. FOLLOW US Gossip On This MORE POP CULTURE Hip Hop Video Footage Shows Love & Hip Hop Hollywood’s Max Lux’s Alleged Infant Daughter Taking DNA Test to Prove He’s the Father Television WATCH: First 7 Minutes of Love & Hip Hop New York Season 7’s Premiere Episode Celebs Petty Tamar Braxton Unfollows Tiny Harris for Congratulating Monica on “The Real” Guest Co-Hosting Gig Pop Culture Shirley Caesar Responds to Popular #UNameItChallenge Inspired by Viral Meme Celebs Nick Gordon Ordered to Pay $36 Million to Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Estate in Wrongful Death Lawsuit ABOUT USGOT is a fun way to stay informed about what's going on online and the world around you. FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2006 - 2016 Gossip On This LLC LIKE GOSSIPONTHIS ON FACEBOOK We could be friends, but you playing. Go on ahead and hit that “Like” button! ×
Brockpress.com  Friday, 18th November 2016 Home About Advertising Employment Volunteer Contact Pages 2016 BUSAC Elections HQ About Advertising Contact Contests and Giveaways Halloween Giveaway Holiday Giveaway St. Patrick’s Day Contest Valentine’s Day Giveaway Employment Mail List Confirmation Old Contact Page – **Do No Remove** Register for The Brock Press Thank You Volunteer Sports News External News Internal News BUSU Elections Arts and Life Reviews Opinion Editorial Letter to the Editor Specialty Business Technology Health Focus Extra Extra Horror-scopes That's what he or she said Completely useless reviews Unclassifieds The Brocktopus The Brockoli Podcasts News Campus News BUSU Elections External News Business Health Technology Arts & Culture Reviews Focus Sports Podcasts Opinions Editorial Letter to the Editor Students’ Choice Horror-scopes Brockoli Brocktopus Trump probably hasn’t been paying taxes since 1995 Spoon Theory and Coping with an ‘Invisible’ Illness in University Research at Brock University looks into the counterfeit product industry October 4, 2016 Joanna Ward Business, Specialty No comments Shoppers on New York City’s Canal Street checking out “designer” bags. / Yahoo News For some people nothing beats the rush of a new purchase. A new designer handbag or a pair of must-have sneakers can make all the difference in a hectic week, or even just as a treat. A designer brand that everyone is talking about can make a person feel one step ahead in life. However some opt for the designer look and feel without bothering with the designers themselves, and instead reach for a knock-off. These ‘fake’ products range from cheap and unconvincing to more accurate emulations of the original. Either way, these almost-designer items are counterfeit and often that means illegal. Kai-Yu Wang, an associate professor at Brock University’s Goodman School of Business, recently published research online in The Journal of Business Research asking the question: “Why do people choose to buy counterfeit products?”. “The demand for counterfeit luxury brands is robust and growing, although the consumption of counterfeit goods is viewed as unethical. If saving money is the main reason for counterfeit goods consumption, why don’t consumers simply choose cheaper generic brands instead?” stated Wang in a press release. Products that bear a similarity to designer goods, or are even based on their designs, eventually make their way into mass-market, fast-fashion stores such as Forever XXI, H&M, and even Walmart, but that is often not what these counterfeit hunters are looking for. Though some are genuinely fooled by counterfeit products and simply believe they are getting a very good deal on a hard to find product, some people “intentionally purchase counterfeit products even when the act doesn’t align with their personal morals.” Wang says the researchers “wanted to find out how consumers cope with cognitive dissonance associated with their unethical counterfeit consumption behaviour.” The study suggests that consumers use classic Orwellian ‘double-think’ to disassociate themselves from the illegal act of buying counterfeit products. Once they have their knock-offs safely at home, consumers reject any potential guilt they may be feeling “by denying responsibility or by identifying with loyalty to something else,” meaning they tell themselves the moral ambiguity is not in purchasing the product but rather in the making of it. They haven’t done anything wrong, they’ve simply purchased a product available to them. In the course of their research, Wang and his associates conducted interviews with people who buy counterfeit products and found that many of the interviewees justified their purchases with the phrase “imitation is the sincerest form of flattery,” convincing themselves, and possibly those around them, that they are actually doing the designer brand a favour by promoting them. Others acknowledge that they may be damaging the brand with their purchases but are often in it for the community involved, the sense that they are part of a “secret society” of people who know where to get a good deal. Despite counterfeit products often being illegal, and always being morally questionable, Wang says the industry is always growing and brings in about $1.77 trillion. Wang’s study was co-authored with colleagues Xuemei Bian from the University of Kent, Andrew Smith from the Nottingham University Business School and Natalia Yannopoulou from the Newcastle University Business School. businesscounterfeit product industry About Joanna Ward View all posts by Joanna Ward → Tweet Pin It Related Posts Finance Minister says Millennials need t... November 1, 2016 Report says men and women in North Ameri... November 1, 2016 Cut & Print: St. Catharines groomers... October 25, 2016 Ubisoft narrowly avoids Vivendi takeover... October 4, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website * Copy This Password * * Type Or Paste Password Here * Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Rss Read our virtual issue Latest Tweets Tweets by @TheBrockPress Polls What would you like to see on the front page of The Brock Press? A picture of the top news of the week An article of the top news of the week A sports photo from Brock Sports Local St. Catharines news Arts and Culture news View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Contact the Manager Gaylynn Janzen manager@brockpress.com 905-688-5550 ext. 5835 Stay up to date Become a sponsor Like us on Facebook © 2016 Brock Press. With help from The Rebrand Project and 1 Pixel Design
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back E-commerce firms slug it out as festival season kicks off Reuters | MUMBAI Oct 04, 2016 04:23 PM IST By Promit Mukherjee and Supantha Mukherjee MUMBAI (Reuters) - India's two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country's biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon's growing inroads into the domestic market. For India's Flipkart and Snapdeal, strong sales during India's equivalent of the U.S. Black Friday sales could give both companies some leverage in their current push for investment. With private equity money flows drying up and Amazon.com pledging $5 billion investment to gain ground in India, local e-commerce vendors will be looking to use this season's numbers to show investors their ability to drive sales. Flipkart is currently in talks with retail giant Wal-Mart Stores and a strong showing of sales during this week could give it more negotiating leverage. Snapdeal is also preparing to raise fresh capital to defend its turf. The high stakes battle between Flipkart's Big Billion Day sales bonanza, Amazon's Great Indian Festival sale and Snapdeal's own initiative dubbed the Unbox Diwali Sale, means employees at all three players are working marathon hours to meet stiff sales targets. "Our teams are working around the clock during Big Billion Days," said a spokesperson for Flipkart, adding that many are camping out in office for the week, and working 14-18 hour days in a bid to keep up with frenzied demand. All three companies say their sales seasons have so far been successful, but did not comment on how the sales momentum is stacking up against their own internal targets. Flipkart says it sold 2.25 million units in the first 12 hours of its 5-day sale, which kicked off on Sunday. Its closest competitor Amazon India said it sold 1.5 million units in the first 12 hours of its sale that began on Saturday. Amazon said its first day of sales was three times higher than the corresponding first day sales last year while second day sales were five times higher. Snapdeal said more than 2 million users logged in on the first hour of its sales, leading to more than 180 orders per second at launch. "With companies under pressure to make money, they don't want to let the opportunity go to a competitor...you can't keep burning cash by offering huge discounts," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive of retail consultancy Third Eyesight. (Reporting by Promit Mukherjee; Editing by Sam Holmes) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Wall Street closes in on record high Petronet bets on LNG-fuelled vehicles to drive up demand Oil set for first weekly gain in five on OPEC deal optimism Global Markets - Dollar charges to 14-year high, bond tantrum in full swing Gold slides to 5-1/2 month low on dollar surge [ more ] Top Stories Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps Navy rubbishes Pakistani claim of blocking Indian submarine Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Public finds demonetisation both boon and bane: Survey Pinarayi Vijayan leads protest against curbs on co-op banks No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Natco plans to double drug filings next year [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TILpFC Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global Bikes and Ride-ons Market for Babies and Children to Witness Growth Through 2020, As a Result of Increasing Popularity of E-Commerce: Technavio 04.10.2016 | 17:23 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Global Bikes and Ride-ons Market for Babies and Children to Witness Growth Through 2020, As a Result of Increasing Popularity of E-Commerce: Technavio Technavio analysts forecast the global bikes and ride-ons market for babies and children to grow at a CAGR of more than 8% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global bikes and ride-ons market for babies and childrenduring the period 2016-2020. The report lists manual pedal and push bikes and ride-ons, and battery-operated bikes and ride-ons as the two main segments based on product type. "The improved standard of living, along with a rise in disposable income among the middle class population, is propelling the demand for bikes and ride-ons for babies and children in the emerging economies in APAC like China, India, and Malaysia. Most developed countries like the US, France, China, and Japan are witnessing a rise in demand for bikes and ride-ons for babies and children from online portals," says Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead analyst at Technavio. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=52300 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio consumer and retail analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global bikes and ride-ons market for babies and children: Selective new and informative buying by consumers as opposed to handing down toys Increasing traction of pure play baby product e-tailers Growing geographic reach of key retailers in APAC Selective new and informative buying by consumers as opposed to handing down toys Some parents find it nostalgic to watch their children play with vintage toys used by them during their childhood. However, some of these toys can pose a threat, as many plastic toys manufactured in the 1970s and 1980s contain toxins like lead, cadmium, and sometimes arsenic. Passing down of toys is more common in Asian countries especially among Indian families, where younger children often receive baby clothes, toys, and accessories passed down from older siblings or even from relative's kids. Some middle class Mexican families also use hand-me down toys as opposed to buying new ones. However, these toys may not qualify as per the safety standards of modern day toys, which are subject to a host of quality checks and standards. Colors used in these toys also play a significant role contributing to the toxic content of the toy. For instance, yellow toy parts contain a very high concentration of lead and cadmium. Also, non-vinyl toys with green, brown, or orange parts are likely to have high concentrations of lead and cadmium. Parents are becoming aware of such threats and are purchasing toys manufactured as per safety standards, and are also refraining from the use of vintage or old toys, thus contributing to the demand for bikes and ride-ons for babies and children. Increasing traction of pure play baby product e-tailers The online business of bikes and ride-ons for babies and children is gaining importance and has been booming mainly because of the emergence of an off-price pricing strategy. The growing number of online shopping websites allow vendors to expand their reach and eventually tap more customers. The online bikes and ride-ons for babies and children sector is also gaining importance as it enables prospective consumers to compare the prices as well as features and make the final deal. The increase in the number of internet users and the acceptance of the internet as a safe place to make monetary transactions is also fueling the growth of the online market of bikes and ride-ons for babies and children. Target, Toys R Us, Argos, eBay, Sears, Walmart, Halfords, First Cry, Hopscotch, BabyOye, and MyBabyCart are some of the online websites providing bikes and ride-ons for babies and children. Growing geographic reach of key retailers in APAC In the developing economies, baby products manufacturers at large are expected to explore the online channel, especially in countries such as India and China, where the prevalence of online shopping is increasing constantly. Consumers in these countries are techno savvy and have opened to the idea of online payment as well. Quick delivery services and competitive pricing are major factors for the growth of the online retailing segment in APAC. Small and local vendors are finding success in enhancing their customer base by making their products available online, and thereby available on a national scale. With higher disposable income and rising standard of living, consumers in APAC, find it affordable to purchase quality products. They are also attracted to the wide range of products available online. Amazon is one key vendor that operates exclusively through the online channel. Bikes and ride-on products for babies and children are also available on online sites such as target.com, toysrus.com, walmart.com, halfords.com, and related websites. E-commerce vendors like Flipkart and Snapdeal, too, are selling bikes and ride-on products for babies and children in India. "Thus, increased internet penetration and growing consumer trust in online shopping, combined with efficient logistic services, are playing a significant role in the growth of the sector," says Brijesh. Browse Related Reports: Global Children Bicycle Market 2016-2020 Childrens Bicycle Market in the US 2016-2020 Textile Manufacturing Market in Serbia 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technaviois a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161004006029/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Search for: The Mountain Jackpot News Main menu Skip to content Home Almanac Victor Happenings Classifieds General Business Stories Letters News Woodland Park Cripple Creek Police Commentary Mike Parish Beth Dodd Eli Stone Photo Gallery Sponsors/Ad COS Airport Status/Delays TMJ Distribution Centers Contact Us Obituaries Colorado Alternatives Special Section Videos Sub menu Almanac Week of 10.4.16 Tuesday, Oct 4 Anniversary of Gaming in Cripple Creek.. The 25th anniversary of gaming continues this week, celebrating the beginning of limited stakes gambling in Cripple Creek, Black Hawk and Central City, which started the first week in Oct. 1991. See the Sept. 27 anniversary issue of TMJ or visit www.mountainjackpot.com. for more details. The Woodland Park Downtown Development Authority Board will meet on Oct. 4 at 7:30 a.m. in the WP Council Chambers, next to city hall. The Green Mountain Falls Board of Trustees will meet on Oct. 3 at 7 p.m. in the GMF Town Hall. The trustees may announce the selection of a new town manager. Wednesday, Oct. 5 TSC (Teller Senior Coalition) Transit is excited to announce our bus service on Wednesdays in Woodland Park. This is a joint venture with Cripple Creek Transit to provide much needed transportation service between Cripple Creek and Woodland Park. TSC Transit will be picking up from the Senior Center and will be making stops at Pikes Peak Family Medicine, Pikes Peak Regional Hospital, City Market, Safeway, Walgreens, Walmart nd the Department of Social Services upon request. Call 719-687-0256 for more details or visit the TSC website at www.tellerseniorcoalition.com for a full schedule of pick up and drop off times The Cripple Creek City Council will meet on Oct. 5 at 5:30 p.m. in the Cripple Creek Council Chambers on the second floor of city hall. Homecoming Week. The Woodland Park School District will celebrate its homecoming week, with a parade on Hwy. 24, scheduled for Oct. 5, starting at 6:30 p.m., followed by the annual bonfire at the Middle School. Other festivities for homecoming week include a tailgate party on Oct 7 from 5:30 to 6:45 p.m., along with the homecoming game at 7 p.m. Don’t miss the homecoming dance on Oct. 8 from 8 to 11 p.m. For more information, visit www.wpsdk12.org. Thursday, Oct. 6 TOPS, Take Off Pounds Sensibly. The original nonprofit weight-loss group is an educational support group providing weekly weigh-ins and programs to help members make positive changes in the role food plays in their lives. Local chapter meets every Thursday at 10 am in Green Mountain Falls at the Church in the Wildwood. Call Evelyn at 719-748-8383 for more information. The Woodland Park City Council will meet on Oct. 6 at 7 p.m. in the WP Council Chambers next to city hall. Friday, Oct. 7 The Pikes Peak Rotary Club will meet at 7 a.m. at the Woodland Park Public Library every Friday. The Cripple Creek Parks and Recreation will host roller skating and blading activities on every Friday from 1 to 4 p.m. Call 719-689-3514 for more information. Freemasonry. Learn about Freemasonry in our community, offering friendship, growth, leadership and providing charity. Learn more details about the Lodge No. 96 at 75 Buffalo Ct. in Divide. Meetings are held the first Friday of the month at 7 p.m. Call Roger at 719-310-0766 for more details. Cripple Creepshow. Thin Air Theatre Company (TATC), now in its 10th year at the Butte Theater, will stage the “Cripple Creepshow” from Sept. 30-Oct. 30. This original play is created by collaboration between TATC artists Chris Sorensen, Mickey Burdick, Mel Moser, and Chris Armbrister.A mysterious show rolls into town, tents are erected, and the audience files in. But what happens when the stories told begin to leave the stage and cross into real life? Join us this Halloween season for an anthology in the vein of “Tales from the Darkside,” “The Twilight Zone,” and “Night Gallery.” In distinctly Cripple Creek fashion, four short stories come to life, based on such lore as “The Portrait of Dorian Gray”, “Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde”, “The Monkey’s Paw”, and the “Tale of Sasquatch”; all blended with music and a touch of comedy. The show is directed by Chris Armbrister, and musically directed by James Mablin, and features many of TATC’s favorite actors, including Nick Madson, JT Rider and more. As an extra bonus, this show is followed by a very special Halloween Olio, full of dance, music and spooktacular comedy. For more information and to make online reservations, visit ButteTheater.com. To make phone reservations, call 719-689-3247. Saturday, Oct. 8 Mine to Mine Challenge Road Race. This annual foot race, testing runners and walkers who plan to endure a route between the Cripple Creek Heritage Center and the Cripple Creek and Victor Gold Mine is scheduled for Oct 8. This marks the fifth annual competition. Plenty of great prizes are available. See www.VisitCrippleCreek.com. for more details. Sunday, Oct. 8 Movie House Music Supervalue Package Held the 2nd Sunday every month through May at the Gold Hill Square Theatres in Woodland Park (615 W. Midland Avenue) with the next event scheduled for Oct. 9. Enjoy a Concert from 2:30-4:00 pm, a movie ticket good anytime and one beer, wine or soft drink all for only $12. Or a concert and drink for only, $7. The October event features the merriment and Celtic music of the Bedlam Boys. Season ticket discounts are available. For more information, call 719-687-2210 of visit www.woodlandmusicseries.org. The event is co-sponsored by Woodland Music Series and Gold Hill Theatres Upcoming Senior Center Pancake Breakfast. Enjoy a Pancake Breakfast at the Woodland Park Senior Center, Pine and Lake Streets, Saturday, October 15, from 8 am to 11 am. Join us for a fresh cooked, all you can eat, breakfast of fluffy pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, melon and the best biscuits and gravy around. We guarantee to get your Saturday off to a great start! Your home town seniors will be flipping the pancakes and serving them up with juice and coffee or hot tea for only $8. Kids 6 and under eat for $2. This open to the public fundraising event helps to support the programs and activities of the Woodland Park Senior Center. We appreciated the support of each one of you! Mark your calendars and plan to join us on the 3rd Saturday each month of the year. City Wide Scavanger Hunt and Colorado Craft Distillery Tasting. Participate in Cripple Creek’s first ever Zombie Scavenger Hunt on Oct. 22, with a number of participating businesses. Find the clues like your life depends on it, and try your luck at snagging a $1,000 top prize. This is one of the new events the city has launched for 2016. Another new event, sponsored by the city, includes the Colorado Craft Distillery Tasting festival, scheduled for Nov. 12. See www.VisitCrippleCreek.com/Events for details. Events Archive – Visit Cripple Creek www.visitcripplecreek.com The 2 Mile High Club’s annual aspen tour event will begin at the Cripple Creek District Museum. Come see the beautiful fall colors as Colorado showcases the World’s … Breaking the Silence LIVECAST, sponsored by Andrew Wommack Ministries, will be a shared viewing experience hosted by Pastor Mark Cowart and emceed by Carrie Pickett on October 28-29 from the Charis Bible College campus in Woodland Park. This event will air live and simulcast to many locations both in and outside the US. It is scheduled for Oct. 28 at 5 p.m. (mountain time) and Oct. 29 at 11 a.m. (mountain time). Participants can register for free by calling 719-635-1111 or visiting www.awmi.net/LIVECAST. The deadline for registration is at the close of the events on Oct. 29. The event is open to all members of the public. Breaking the Silence LIVECAST – Andrew Wommack Ministries www.awmi.net Pastor Mark Cowart & Carrie Pickett with political & religious leaders, are breaking the silence on social issues affronting to Judeo-Christian values. Manitou Springs/Colorado Springs Manitou Springs Heritage Center announces their featured Exhibit of the Week Series-See our spectacular exhibit, “Manitou Rails,” featuring the Pikes Peak Cog Railway, the Manitou Incline and the Red Mountain Incline, starting Sept. 24. Learn the story of how railways and inclines dominate the Manitou landscape and continue to our town’s growth, as a tourist attraction. In recent years, the Manitou Incline has become widely known f or its extreme physical challenges to any healthy fanatic. The Manitou Springs Heritage Center is located at 517 Manitou Avenue. For more information, call 719-685-1454, Delicious Downtown Food Tour. Enjoy a downtown food tour between 2 and 5 p.m. on Oct. 8 that has been developed by locals and visitors. Dine and dash in the heart of historic downtown Colorado Springs on our famous flagship tour. As you meander down Tejon Street, envision an old horse-drawn carriage, hear the chug of the railroad and learn about the trade of gold and silver at the Mining Exchange. Be transported to yesteryear in between bites a your trusty tour guide enchants you with tales untold. To encourage quality conversation and forming of foodie friendships, we limit the tours to 14 guests. Emma Crawford Coffin Races and Parade. Manitou Springs celebrates the 22nd annual Emma Crawford Coffin Race & Parade on Saturday, Oct. 29. The parade starts at noon, followed by 70 teams, racing coffins down Manitou Avenue for the ultimate victory. Each team consists of one Emma and four runners dressed in costume. The fastest times earch trophies as well as a chance to win Best Emma, Best Entourage and Best Coffin. The annual Victorian Christmas at Miramont Castle is back and slated for Nov. 25, starting at 10 a.m. Enjoy the wonders of a true Victorian holiday experience. The castle is lavishly decorated, homemade refreshments abound and delightful entertainment is available. Post navigation ← Previous Post Downtown Development Leaders Still Talking Dirt -Rick Langenberg → Weather Updates Image of the Week Woodland Park Cripple Creek Manitou Springs Florissant Green Mountain Falls Victor Canon City This Weeks Front Page In Print Twitter Tweets by @TMountainJ Like Us On Facebook Here Cripple Creek Today The Cripple Creek Today Blog is to inform, entertain and engage residents and visitors alike. Take a Look... TMJ Distribution Centers Pick up TMJ at over 150 businesses (click here for the list) CategoriesCategories Select Category Almanac Beth Dodd Biz: Lodging Biz: Restaurants Business Stories Cathy Mahrholz Classified Colorado Alternatives Special Section Commentary Contact Us COS Airport Status/Delays CR Chambers Cripple Creek Cripple Creek Eli Stone Front Page General Green Mountain Falls Horoscope Letters Local Local Event Calendar Manitou Meet a Creeker Mike Parish News Obituaries Photo Gallery Police Rick Langenberg Robert Volpe Sponsors/Ad Square Peg TMJ Distribution Centers U-Report Victor Happenings Videos Waldo Canyon Fire Photo Gallery Waldo Canyon Pics Weather Woodland Park Woodland Park Pages About Browse Ads Browse Categories Search Ads Tags Almanac cheap michael coach purses u Commentary divide Front Page Local Announcements Manitou michael kors 2 michael kors p michael kors w Mike Parish Police Rick Langenberg Steve Kipp Woodland Park Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 November 2011 September 2011 July 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 Recent Posts Broncos Keep the Dream Alive – Bob Volpe November 15, 2016 John (Jack) Raymond Derby, Jr., of Divide passed away on November 10. November 15, 2016 Charis and Northern Lights Media Present The Heart of Christmas A Musical Sometimes a gift can change your life forever The holidays are a time when families seem to be pulled in many directions. Why not take an evening or an afternoon away to enjoy The Heart of Christmas? Be transported back through time as a family discovers how the simple act of giving a gift can change their lives forever. Let this beautiful story, interwoven with classic Christmas carols and songs, lead you and yours to the true heart of Christmas. On December 9-11, we will have four showings to choose from, including a Saturday matinee. You won’t want to miss this theater presentation at Charis Bible College Colorado’s campus, The Sanctuary. This scenic mountain property will be a winter wonderland offering festive food and other holiday delights. You can even have a family photo professionally taken to make this a cherished Christmas memory of your own. For reservations, call 719-635-1111, or reserve your seat online: www.heartofchristmas.org. Don’t miss this new holiday tradition and the chance to receive The Heart of Christmas—a true gift that will change your life forever! November 15, 2016 WP DDA Negotiating Plans to Pay Off City Debt – Board Mulling Efforts to Take over Veterans and Biker Rally – By Beth Dodd November 15, 2016 Cripple Creek May Turn to Legal Pot for Fiscal Relief – Rick Langenberg November 15, 2016 Copyright © 2014 The Mountain Jackpot News All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by c.bavota.
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Mu Sigma founder Dhiraj Rajaram takes control of firm Apurva Venkat & Ayan Pramanik | Bengaluru Oct 05, 2016 12:26 AM IST Dhiraj Rajaram, the founder of data analytics firm Mu Sigma, has reclaimed the top job at the firm from his ex-wife Ambiga Subramanian after he bought her shares to take his total stake to majority 51.6 per cent. In February, Subramanian had become the chief executive of Mu Sigma after the company said Rajaram moved to the US to handle clients. In May, the couple split, ending a two-decade marriage and Rajaram claiming back his stake in the company. Subramanian will continue to be an independent director on the board. On Tuesday, Rajaram said that he was in India all along. Rajaram and Subramanian had jointly built India’s largest independent analytics company helping firms such as Microsoft, Walmart Stores and Dell Inc to get more customers. They also built an in-house classroom to train young graduates to look at analytics as a career option that help spawn an industry focused on analytics. Yet, the uncertainty in the company’s ownership that began this year cost the firm dear as many professionals quit and joined rivals. Rajaram, however, claimed Mu Sigma did not lose customers. Rajaram has the backing of its investors General Atlantic, MasterCard, Fidelity Investments and Sequoia Capital, which have collectively put close $200 million in Mu Sigma, which was valued at $1.5 billion in 2013. At the same time, Rajaram is looking for fresh investments and to help its investors make reasonable exit from the company. “When another investor comes on board, we will talk about it (valuation). We have been talking to investors for 10 years now. We want to be active in the investor space,” said Rajaram. He, however, declined to comment on a lawsuit in US courts by a former investor against him, saying the matter is sub-judice. In March, Aon Corp founder Patrick G Ryan filed a lawsuit against Rajaram saying he was cheated of hundreds of millions of dollars after Mu Sigma bought back shares citing dull growth prospects. Ryan had invested $1.5 million in Mu Sigma in 2006 and was paid $9.3 million to sell his shares in 2010. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Companies Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth [ more ] Top Stories Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps Navy rubbishes Pakistani claim of blocking Indian submarine Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies Youngsters should pursue more research in maths: Narayana Murthy Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Pellet maker KIOCL to acquire 51% stake in Odisha PSU Idcol Hardcastle to double McCafe presence in next 12-18 months IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Public finds demonetisation both boon and bane: Survey Pinarayi Vijayan leads protest against curbs on co-op banks No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TILpIE Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Four Tactics Marketers Can Take From 'Outsider' Politicians By Sophie Russell - 1 hour ago Array 0 Anonymous Content Assembles an Army of Celebrities to Encourage Voter Turnout By Ann-Christine Diaz - 1 hour ago Array 0 What Facebook's Carolyn Everson Tells Marketers About Their Culture By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago Array 0 Personalization 2.0: Messaging With Precision By By Dave Scrim, VP-Product Management, Conversant - 2 hours ago Array 0 MTV Names A$AP Rocky as CD; Hearts & Science Opens in U.K. By Melissa Heule - 3 hours ago Array 0 Anonymous Content Assembles an Army of Celebrities to Encourage Voter Turnout By Ann-Christine Diaz - 1 hour ago 0 What Facebook's Carolyn Everson Tells Marketers About Their Culture By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 Super PACs Pick Up Trump's Slack on Data By Kate Kaye - 5 hours ago 0 The One Club and the Art Directors Club Merge By Lindsay Stein - 5 hours ago 0 Unpacking Header Bidding: The Road Ahead for Programmatic's Top Trend By George Slefo - 5 hours ago 0 Tennessee Tourism Offers Free Tickets to Garth Brooks Show in Snapchat Launch By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Location Tracking and the Trouble With 'Opting In' By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Fiery Phones, Exploding Washers Take Samsung Brand Through the Wringer. Can It Recover? By Beth Snyder Bulik - Yesterday 0 Lady Gaga Signs With Bud Light for New Campaign By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Behind the Alcohol-Only Shop Winning MillerCoors, Diageo Biz By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US What Facebook's Carolyn Everson Tells Marketers About Their Culture By Garett Sloane. Published on October 04, 2016. Reprints Reprints Carolyn Everson. Credit: Nathan Skid for Advertising Age Most Popular Carolyn Everson is drawing on the wall at Facebook's offices in New York. It's a warning sign of sorts. There's a graph of revenue over time, and there are four basic kinds of companies represented: the comfortable giants with plenty of money but plateauing growth, rivals that have more or less caught the giants and are still growing, the startups that might come for them all, and the flameouts. "This is something that I've been using to guide a lot of my conversations with key clients over the last nine months," Ms. Everson said. "So a lot of what we do, culture is the most important." Why is Facebook's VP-global marketing solutions so focused on what she calls "culture" questions? Here's what Ms. Everson had to say about how she's schooling the industry to not just innovate but, of course, use Facebook to do so. This conversation has been lightly edited. Advertising Age: What do you tell advertisers about "culture" and why it's important? Carolyn Everson: Think of it this way. There are the traditional companies -- General Motors, Ford, Marriott, Starwood, Procter and Gamble, Unilever, Coke, Pepsi -- the traditional companies that have been around a long time, and they're either growing in single digits or they're declining or flattening, but none of them are skyrocketing, for the most part. Related Stories Facebook's Marketplace Has an Edge on Craigslist, but No Room for Marketers (Yet) P&G, GM and Facebook Agree: Big Is Beautiful Facebook Tells Advertisers to Speed Up Sites or Don't Bother Asking for Clicks Unilever Buys Dollar Shave Club for $1 Billion, Opening New Front Against P&G Walmart Chasing Amazon With $3.3B Acquisition of Jet.com GM Invests $500 Million in Lyft to Battle Uber, Build Network of Self-Driving Taxis Then there are these disruptors. They're emerging on the scene. They're often mobile-first. They get a lot of excitement. They get the funding, but they execute really poorly and they implode, because if you think about it every day, about 1,000 apps get sent to iOS and Android for approval. They all don't make it. There are these companies that are superhot and, poof, they're gone. Then there are you know, take Walmart, Target, and take Amazon. Amazon is clearly coming at them. And sometimes these types of companies are too small for the bigger companies to even see a hit on their revenue, but you know they're coming. Ad Age: How can Facebook even begin to help with a client's culture? Ms. Everson: With 4 million advertisers we get to see all the different kinds of companies, because we have relationships with all the top marketers. And the disruptors often are building their businesses -- they might spend 90% of their investment on Facebook. That's not an uncommon thing we see. Ad Age: So, you've helped diagnose cultural shifts for clients. How does that help Facebook? Ms. Everson: Here's the thing. If you can start to act more like a disruptor -- move fast, get rid of the silos, become more collaborative, more data-driven -- what we do becomes more intuitive. They start saying, "Of course, we need to create hundreds of versions of creative and test them." And, of course, we can't be on a six- to nine-month creative cycle, because that's just not the way these digital environments work. And, of course, we're going to measure business outcomes and not proxy metrics. Ad Age: What do you tell any lumbering companies to do? Ms. Everson: There are four strategies. You can't just sit there and say I'm not going to do anything. One is acquisition -- what Unilever did with Dollar Shave Club. And Walmart bought Jet. Just in the last two months that happened. The second strategy that we see is to create an investment arm of your company and invest like you're a VC. That's what General Motors did with Lyft. They gave them $500 million, and I'm sure they'd love Lyft to be successful, but on the other side I'm sure GM is doing it to learn. The third one is to create what I've called parallel organizations by setting up a separate team in the company that operates with different KPIs. The fourth is rewiring of the culture, and that's the hardest one to do. It is hard to find companies that have rewired themselves culturally. IBM is one. They've done a really good job of rewiring their culture. Kodak is one example -- they blew all four strategies. Ad Age: How does all this culture talk fit into all the changes in advertising? For instance, do you see brands continuing to change their agencies, which we've seen a lot of? Ms. Everson: I do hear there will be more, but I don't know. My hope for the industry is that they're being done in the right spirit, in the spirit of maybe changing the model of how they are working. Perhaps they want media and creative to work more closely together, which I personally think is going to be a major theme we're going to see in the agency community. If you look at AT&T's decision around Omnicom and Hearts & Science and BBDO, it's a blending of media and creative. Media and creative I just think have to come closer together. Even if a brand gives its media to one holding company and creative to another, they will need them both to be working together more closely. In this article: Culture Digital Mobile Social Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue

null
Share 89 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Entertainment 2016-11-17 ‘Lemony Snicket’s A Series Of Unfortunate Events’ Trailer Released Today: Netflix Is At It Again Entertainment 2016-11-17 Jessa Duggar Comments On Joy-Anna Duggar Courting News On Instagram And Seewald Family Blog: ‘Counting On’ Star Still Hides Baby Bump Entertainment 2016-11-16 MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-18 Obama Criticizes Fake News On Facebook, ‘Misinformation Threatens Democracy’ News 2016-11-17 Man Dissolves While Attempting To ‘Hot Pot’ In Yellowstone Hot Spring, Sister Captures Death On Phone News 2016-11-17 ‘Catfish’ Victim Mitchell Bowie, 18, Commits Suicide After Online ‘Girlfriend’ Threatens His Life News 2016-11-17 Dina Manzo Confirms Teresa Giudice’s Claim Jacqueline Laurita Once Hit Caroline Manzo In The Face Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 7 — Dhaka Vs. Chittagong, Rangpur Vs. Barisal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-18 Best Buy’s Black Friday Pokemon Deals: Seize The Opportunity To Gear Yourself Up For A Rock-Bottom Price Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Release: Anticipation ‘Enormous’ For Fall 2017 Sequel Gaming 2016-11-18 Free ‘Lost Odyssey’ Promotion Leaked For Xbox One Owners, Just A Test Or Coming Soon? Gaming 2016-11-17 ‘The Game Awards 2016’: ‘Overwatch’ Heads The List Of Nominees BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-18 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Social Media’s #UNameItChallenge Goes Viral Before Thanksgiving, Gospel Star Shirley Caesar Responds BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Teacher Ruins Autistic Boy’s Role In School Play, Leaves Him Sobbing On Stage In Front Of Audience BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Flagstaff Police Officer Caught On Tape Punching Woman In The Face, Department Is Investigating [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘Alaskan Bush People’ Returning In November, Matt Brown Breaks The News TV 89 0 0 October 4, 2016 ‘Alaskan Bush People’ Returning In November, Matt Brown Breaks The News Krista Grabowski Fans of Discovery Channel’s Alaskan Bush People have been eagerly awaiting word on whether or not the show would return for another season. There has been much speculation about the reasons it may or may not make a return. Well, we no longer have to wonder. Thanks to a Facebook post from Matt Brown, we know that Alaskan Bush People will be back with new episodes, and they will air starting around the beginning of November. Fans still have many questions, but the fact that Matt Brown announced the news may be a hint at the answer to one. At the end of last season, Discovery included the eldest Brown child’s struggle with alcohol in the show. It wasn’t really news to viewers, as there had been many reports about Matt’s behavior that had many suspicious that he had a drinking problem. Back in December of 2015, Radar Online reported that the Alaskan Bush People star had been arrested not only for DUI, but also for fleeing the scene of an accident. After doing vodka shots and hooking up with a girl in a Juneau bar, she let him borrow her 1986 Volvo to go to Walmart to buy some chips. While there, witnesses saw him hit a parked motorcycle, something he denied. Neither Discovery nor anyone in the Alaskan Bush People family ever commented on the incident. As recently as June of this year, the same site reported that Matt and the rest of Alaskan Bush People clan actually live mostly in a hotel in Hoonah, Alaska. Each of the sons has his own room, and according to neighbors, Matt spent a lot of time in the hotel bar drinking and flirting. After months of increasingly erratic behavior, he decided to enter rehab. Looks like Matt has a sweet new ride ???? #AlaskanBushPeople A photo posted by Alaskan Bush People (@alaskanbushppl) on Oct 9, 2015 at 12:07pm PDT That decision was part of the final episodes of last season’s Alaskan Bush People. At one point, father Billy Brown approached Matt about some of his observations, commenting that he was looking really rough and seemed withdrawn and distracted. His eldest son responded that he was just exhausted and had things under control. He told his father that the family had enough to worry about and to not worry about him. Later in the same episode, Matt told brother Gabe that he felt like he needed to get some help because he believed he had a drinking problem. The Alaskan Bush People family claims not to drink, and because of this, although he wanted to share his decision with the family, he felt weak and ashamed. Gabe encouraged him to share his decision, and although we didn’t see it on camera, he did so. He went off to rehab, and we watched at one point as Alaskan Bush People parents Billy and Ami waited to see if he would return. He did not. Matt’s time in rehab is now over, and judging by recently released photos, he looks healthier and stronger. Enjoy the holiday weekend. We hope you get to spend time with friends, family, and loved ones #AlaskanBushPeople A photo posted by Alaskan Bush People (@alaskanbushppl) on Jul 1, 2016 at 5:52pm PDT In a post-rehab interview, Matt told People that he didn’t think he was an alcoholic, but that he saw himself heading down a road he didn’t want to travel. He seemed grateful for the experience he had in rehab and hopeful for the future. “I learned a lot about myself in those 35 days. I’ve turned my weakness into a strength. In life, we all get lost every now and then and have to find our way back. Not everyone makes it back, and I’m happy to be one of those who did.” Given that he stated that Discovery is “getting us ready” for a new season of Alaskan Bush People, it’s probably safe to assume that Matt will be part of those new episodes. Fans wonder, though, if Discovery will include any more about his drinking problem and time in rehab. For a show that is plagued by accusations of fakery, some believe that including it in the show to some extent could help diffuse those accusations somewhat. We’ll have to wait and see how it all plays out. There is no official date for the premiere of the next season of Alaskan Bush People, but it should be somewhere around the beginning of November. [Featured Image by Discovery] Now Watch This: ‘Criminal Minds’ Reveals What Happened To Thomas Gibson’s Character Now Read This: Chrissy Metz, NBC Face Backlash Over ‘This Is Us’ Weight Loss Contract Share 89 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Krista Grabowski Tags: alaskan bush people, discovery, Matt Brown Comments LATEST HEADLINES Roland Emmerich Confirms Why The ‘Stargate’ Reboot Is No Longer Happening Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Divorce: Marion Cotillard Weighs In On Cheating Rumors Blac Chyna Paid $1 Million To Film Dream Kardashian’s Birth [Report] Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million Kylie Jenner ‘Pregnant’ With Tyga’s Baby: Snapchat Hiatus Due To Morning Sickness? Khloe Kardashian Fears Tristan Thompson Will Cheat On Her Amid Pregnancy Rumors Khloe Kardashian ‘Dumped By Tristan Thompson’: Cavaliers Didn’t Approve ‘KUWTK’ Romance Did Kris Jenner Argue With Blac Chyna’s Mom During Baby’s Delivery? ‘KUWTK’ Drama Revealed Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Blac Chyna Making Amber Rose Dream Kardashian’s Godmother: ‘KUWTK’ Family Furious? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 11.9k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 9.6k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 8.9k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 59.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 33k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 652 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 2.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Blac Chyna Paid $1 Million To Film Dream Kardashian’s Birth [Report] 0 0 0 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million 3 0 0 Kylie Jenner ‘Pregnant’ With Tyga’s Baby: Snapchat Hiatus Due To Morning Sickness? 0 0 0 Khloe Kardashian Fears Tristan Thompson Will Cheat On Her Amid Pregnancy Rumors 1 0 0 Khloe Kardashian ‘Dumped By Tristan Thompson’: Cavaliers Didn’t Approve ‘KUWTK’ Romance 0 0 0 Did Kris Jenner Argue With Blac Chyna’s Mom During Baby’s Delivery? ‘KUWTK’ Drama Revealed 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Tuesday, October 4, 2016  |  Muharram 3, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Above, Snapdeal's distribution centre in Bhiwandi. India's third biggest online retailer launched the Unbox Diwali Sale initiative to take advantage of the festival season. Subhash Sharma for The National India’s online retailers slug it out as festival season kicks off Reuters October 4, 2016 Updated: October 4, 2016 05:02 PM Related Indian developers target NRIs in Emirates with special offers for Diwali Impress your guests with your Diwali spread India retail: Ikea ready to score a home run Wal-Mart in talks to buy stake in Indian online retailer Flipkart India’s dot-com bubble bursts, freeing up cheap talent Topics: Shopping Indian companies India’s two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country’s biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon’s growing inroads into the domestic market. For India’s Flipkart and Snapdeal, strong sales during India’s equivalent of the US Black Friday sales could give both companies some leverage in their current push for investment. With private equity money flows drying up and Amazon.com pledging US$5 billion investment to gain ground in India, local e-commerce vendors will be looking to use this season’s numbers to show investors their ability to drive sales. Flipkart is currently in talks with retail giant Wal-Mart Stores and a strong showing of sales during this week could give it more negotiating leverage. Snapdeal is also preparing to raise fresh capital to defend its turf. The high stakes battle between Flipkart’s Big Billion Day sales bonanza, Amazon’s Great Indian Festival sale and Snapdeal’s own initiative dubbed the Unbox Diwali Sale, means employees at all three players are working marathon hours to meet stiff sales targets. "Our teams are working around the clock during Big Billion Days," said a spokesperson for Flipkart, adding that many are camping out in office for the week, and working 14-18 hour days in a bid to keep up with frenzied demand. All three companies say their sales seasons have so far been successful, but did not comment on how the sales momentum is stacking up against their own internal targets. Flipkart says it sold 2.25 million units in the first 12 hours of its 5-day sale, which kicked off on Sunday. Its closest competitor Amazon India said it sold 1.5m units in the first 12 hours of its sale that began on Saturday. Amazon said its first day of sales was three times higher than the corresponding first day sales last year while second day sales were five times higher. Snapdeal said more than 2m users logged in on the first hour of its sales, leading to more than 180 orders per second at launch. "With companies under pressure to make money, they don’t want to let the opportunity go to a competitor … you can’t keep burning cash by offering huge discounts," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive of retail consultancy Third Eyesight. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Indian developers target NRIs in Emirates with special offers for Diwali Impress your guests with your Diwali spread India retail: Ikea ready to score a home run Wal-Mart in talks to buy stake in Indian online retailer Flipkart More Retail Business Extra Podcast: High Noon? Will the region’s new e-commerce giant go head to head with Amazon? – Ep 19 Hugo Boss to cut Asia prices as it forecasts no growth until 2018 Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Revealed: Jaguar unveils its first ever all-electric car MOST VIEWED Business | All Standard Chartered cuts 150 jobs in the UAE, may lay off more by year-end Dubai worker faces overstaying fine after no plane ticket from employer What happens if Dubai tenant stays in property without signing new contract on expiry? Dubai expats group shows the way to managing a property portfolio Saudi riyal depeg from US dollar a last resort in two years, says Prince Alwaleed Shapoorji Pallonji set for expansion outside India in Dubai Egypt to cut energy subsidies further after securing IMF loan UAE megaprojects 2016 – in pictures India’s currency move will hit property and gold More Most Viewed Abu Dhabi residents face utility price rises World’s first Bollywood theme park opens in Dubai - in pictures UAE National Day and Commemoration Day holidays for public and private sector Shiekh Khalifa, UAE leaders greet Sultan Qaboos on Oman’s 46th national day So, you think 2016 has been tough? Nonsense, you’ve never had it better World’s first Bollywood theme park opens in Dubai 13 multi-storey car parks to provide 6,000 spaces in Sharjah Supercars can now travel in style from Dubai with Emirates Skywheels UAE delegation at Cop 22 says action needed on agreements Prince William issues dire warning on animal extinction More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT UAE President bestows honour on ambassadors Exclusive: Daniel Ricciardo on Monaco, Malaysia, Max Verstappen and making an impact in Abu Dhabi About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Home Companies E-commerce firms slug it out as festival season kicks off E-commerce firms slug it out as festival season kicks off India's two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country's biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon's growing inroads into the domestic market. By: Reuters | Mumbai | Published: October 4, 2016 4:42 PM India’s two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country’s biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon’s growing inroads into the domestic market. India’s two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country’s biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon’s growing inroads into the domestic market. For India’s Flipkart <IPO-FLPK.N> and Snapdeal, strong sales during India’s equivalent of the U.S. Black Friday sales could give both companies some leverage in their current push for investment. With private equity money flows drying up and Amazon.com pledging $5 billion investment to gain ground in India, local e-commerce vendors will be looking to use this season’s numbers to show investors their ability to drive sales. Flipkart <IPO-FLPK.N> is currently in talks with retail giant Wal-Mart Stores and a strong showing of sales during this week could give it more negotiating leverage. Snapdeal is also preparing to raise fresh capital to defend its turf. The high stakes battle between Flipkart’s Big Billion Day sales bonanza, Amazon’s Great Indian Festival sale and Snapdeal’s own initiative dubbed the Unbox Diwali Sale, means employees at all three players are working marathon hours to meet stiff sales targets. “Our teams are working around the clock during Big Billion Days,” said a spokesperson for Flipkart, adding that many are camping out in office for the week, and working 14-18 hour days in a bid to keep up with frenzied demand. All three companies say their sales seasons have so far been successful, but did not comment on how the sales momentum is stacking up against their own internal targets. Flipkart says it sold 2.25 million units in the first 12 hours of its 5-day sale, which kicked off on Sunday. Its closest competitor Amazon India said it sold 1.5 million units in the first 12 hours of its sale that began on Saturday. Amazon said its first day of sales was three times higher than the corresponding first day sales last year while second day sales were five times higher. Snapdeal said more than 2 million users logged in on the first hour of its sales, leading to more than 180 orders per second at launch. “With companies under pressure to make money, they don’t want to let the opportunity go to a competitor…you can’t keep burning cash by offering huge discounts,” said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive of retail consultancy Third Eyesight. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site E-commerce firms slug it out as Indian festival season kicks off News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology E-commerce firms slug it out as Indian festival season kicks off India's two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country's biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon's growing inroads into the domestic market. Posted 04 Oct 2016 18:50 The logo of India's largest online marketplace Flipkart is seen on a building in Bengaluru, April 22, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa/File Photo Commuters sit at a bus stop adorned with an advertisement of Indian online marketplace Snapdeal featuring Bollywood actor Aamir Khan, in Bengaluru, October 15, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek Chinnappa/Files Security guards stand at the reception desk of the Amazon India office in Bengaluru, August 14, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa/Files prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A MUMBAI: India's two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country's biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon's growing inroads into the domestic market. For India's Flipkart and Snapdeal, strong sales during India's equivalent of the U.S. Black Friday sales could give both companies some leverage in their current push for investment. With private equity money flows drying up and Amazon.com pledging US$5 billion investment to gain ground in India, local e-commerce vendors will be looking to use this season's numbers to show investors their ability to drive sales. Flipkart is currently in talks with retail giant Wal-Mart Stores and a strong showing of sales during this week could give it more negotiating leverage. Snapdeal is also preparing to raise fresh capital to defend its turf. The high stakes battle between Flipkart's Big Billion Day sales bonanza, Amazon's Great Indian Festival sale and Snapdeal's own initiative dubbed the Unbox Diwali Sale, means employees at all three players are working marathon hours to meet stiff sales targets. "Our teams are working around the clock during Big Billion Days," said a spokesperson for Flipkart, adding that many are camping out in office for the week, and working 14-18 hour days in a bid to keep up with frenzied demand. All three companies say their sales seasons have so far been successful, but did not comment on how the sales momentum is stacking up against their own internal targets. Flipkart says it sold 2.25 million units in the first 12 hours of its 5-day sale, which kicked off on Sunday. Its closest competitor Amazon India said it sold 1.5 million units in the first 12 hours of its sale that began on Saturday. Amazon said its first day of sales was three times higher than the corresponding first day sales last year while second day sales were five times higher. Snapdeal said more than 2 million users logged in on the first hour of its sales, leading to more than 180 orders per second at launch. "With companies under pressure to make money, they don't want to let the opportunity go to a competitor...you can't keep burning cash by offering huge discounts," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive of retail consultancy Third Eyesight. (Reporting by Promit Mukherjee; Editing by Sam Holmes) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video E-commerce firms slug it out as festival season kicks off Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Economic News | Tue Oct 4, 2016 | 4:23pm IST E-commerce firms slug it out as festival season kicks off left right The logo of India's largest online marketplace Flipkart is seen on a building in Bengaluru, India, April 22, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa/Files 1/2 left right Security guards stand at the reception desk of the Amazon India office in Bengaluru, August 14, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa/Files 2/2 By Promit Mukherjee and Supantha Mukherjee | MUMBAI MUMBAI India's two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country's biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon's growing inroads into the domestic market. For India's Flipkart and Snapdeal, strong sales during India's equivalent of the U.S. Black Friday sales could give both companies some leverage in their current push for investment. With private equity money flows drying up and Amazon.com pledging $5 billion investment to gain ground in India, local e-commerce vendors will be looking to use this season's numbers to show investors their ability to drive sales. Flipkart is currently in talks with retail giant Wal-Mart Stores and a strong showing of sales during this week could give it more negotiating leverage. Snapdeal is also preparing to raise fresh capital to defend its turf. The high stakes battle between Flipkart's Big Billion Day sales bonanza, Amazon's Great Indian Festival sale and Snapdeal's own initiative dubbed the Unbox Diwali Sale, means employees at all three players are working marathon hours to meet stiff sales targets. "Our teams are working around the clock during Big Billion Days," said a spokesperson for Flipkart, adding that many are camping out in office for the week, and working 14-18 hour days in a bid to keep up with frenzied demand. All three companies say their sales seasons have so far been successful, but did not comment on how the sales momentum is stacking up against their own internal targets. Flipkart says it sold 2.25 million units in the first 12 hours of its 5-day sale, which kicked off on Sunday. Its closest competitor Amazon India said it sold 1.5 million units in the first 12 hours of its sale that began on Saturday. Amazon said its first day of sales was three times higher than the corresponding first day sales last year while second day sales were five times higher. Snapdeal said more than 2 million users logged in on the first hour of its sales, leading to more than 180 orders per second at launch. "With companies under pressure to make money, they don't want to let the opportunity go to a competitor...you can't keep burning cash by offering huge discounts," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive of retail consultancy Third Eyesight. (Reporting by Promit Mukherjee; Editing by Sam Holmes) Next In Economic News Exclusive - China ready to slow yuan descent, worried about capital outflows - sources BEIJING Chinese policymakers have been unfazed by the yuan's recent slide, but are ready to slow its descent for fear of fanning capital flight if the currency falls too quickly through the psychologically important 7-per-dollar level, policy advisers said. ECB's Draghi, Weidmann differ on inflation ahead of key decision FRANKFURT European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi said on Friday the rebound in euro zone inflation was weak, while his top critic, Bundesbank head Jens Weidmann, said price pressures would build eventually and 'extra care' was needed with even temporary unconventional measures. With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership BEIJING China will position itself as free trade's new champion at an Asia-Pacific summit this weekend, with the Communist government seeking to project economic leadership as a U.S.-led Pacific Rim trade pact languishes under President-elect Donald Trump. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
FR Home Services Knowledge Centre Our Blog About CNW For Journalists Member sign-in   Online Member Centre Cision PR Edition CisionPoint MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation Cision Social Edition Visible Intelligence FastFinder my CNW CNW Access CNW Directories Register for my CNW Français Send a News Release News Releases Financials   Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Conference calls Contracts Dividends Earnings Banking & Financial Services Computer & Electronics Energy & Oil Media Mining & Metals Webcasts × Member Sign In Online Member Centre Cision PR Edition CisionPoint MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation Cision Social Edition Visible Intelligence FastFinder My CNW CNW Access CNW Directories Register for my CNW Close × Search Search Go ! Advanced Search Close See more news releases in Film and Motion Picture Surveys, Polls and Research Labor & Union Public Safety Dying for a Temporary Job English Français Documentary looks at the dangers of Temporary and Precarious Work OTTAWA, Oct 3, 2016 /CNW/ - A Day's Work, an award-winning documentary focused on a temp agency worker killed 20 minutes into his agency-assigned job, is being screened at the University of Ottawa on Thursday, Oct. 6, at 7 p.m. The film will be followed by a discussion with the executive producer, David Desario, a former temporary worker. The film looks at the explosion of the temp agency industry, with 50,000 such companies in the U.S., more than 12 times the number of Wal-Mart stores nationwide. No longer a clearing house for clerical work, temp agencies supply more workers to industrial sites than to any other sector. In Ontario since 2000, temporary and precarious work has grown more than twice as fast as permanent full-time work. In a 2015 Ontario Ministry of Labour proactive inspection blitz, 75 per cent of the inspected temp agencies were found to be in violation of labour laws. The Ontario government is currently reviewing the province's labour laws, and labour and community advocates are calling for sweeping reforms that will better protect workers in precarious and low-wage work and regulate temp agencies to ensure workers' rights are protected. Discussion in French and English after the screening will compare the situation in Canada with that in the U.S., in terms of the changing nature of work, as well as the differences in health and safety law and who is responsible for keeping workers safe. This will include a review of the United Steelworkers' campaign to enforce the 2003 changes to the Criminal Code, which are intended to hold corporations, their directors and executives criminally accountable for workplace death and injury. Across Canada, about 1,000 workers are killed annually at work. Admission is free at the Alumni Auditorium, University of Ottawa (Jock Turcot University Centre, 85 University Private). Organized by the United Steelworkers, University of Ottawa Department of Criminology and the campaign Fight for $15 and Fairness. Sponsored by Unifor Local 2025, Public Service Alliance of Canada National Capital Region and Canadian Union of Public Employees Local 4600. A Day' Work trailer: www.tempfilm.com SOURCE United Steelworkers (USW) For further information: Pat Van Horne, United Steelworkers, 613-859-1763, pvanhorne@usw.ca; Karen Cocq, Fight For $15 and Fairness, 647-970-8464, karen.cocq@gmail.com; Steven Bittle, University of Ottawa Criminology Department, 613-562-5800, ext. 1561; steven.bittle@uottawa.ca RELATED LINKS http://www.usw.ca Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Organization Profile United Steelworkers (USW) United Steelworkers Members Reach Agreements with Canadian Nuclear Laboratories Steelworkers Cautiously Optimistic Over Bedrock Industries-U.S. Steel Agreement Another Death, Another Plea Bargain and Fine for Vale More on this organization Custom Packages Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs. Start today. CNW Membership Fill out a CNW membership form or contact us at 1 (877) 269-7890 Learn about CNW services Request more information about CNW products and services or call us at 1 (877) 269-7890 Home News Releases News Releases Overview News in Focus News in Focus News Releases Overview All News Releases News Auto & Transportation News Business Technology News Conference Calls & Webcasts News Consumer Products & Retail News Consumer Technology News Energy News Entertainment & Media News Environment News Financial Services & Investing News General Business News Health News Heavy Industry & Manufacturing News Most Popular News People & Culture News All Photos News Policy & Public Interest News All Public Company News Sports News Telecommunica­tions News Travel News All Videos & Multimedia News All News Releases All Public Company News All Photos All Videos & Multimedia Most Popular Business Business Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview All Automotive & Transportation News Aerospace, Defense News Air Freight News Airlines & Aviation News Travel News Automotive News Maritime & Shipbuilding News Railroads and Intermodal Transportation News Transportation, Trucking & Railroad News Trucking and Road Transportation News Business Technology Business Technology Overview All Business Technology News Broadcast Tech News Computer Hardware News Computer Software News Electronic Commerce News Networks News Peripherals News Computer & Electronics News Electronic Components News Electronic Design Automation News Electronics Performance Measurement News High Tech Security News Internet Technology News Nanotechnology News RFID (Radio Frequency ID) News Semantic Web News Semiconductors News General Business General Business Overview All General Business News Awards News Commercial Real Estate News Conference Call Announcements News Corporate Expansion News Earnings News Human Resource & Workforce Management News Licensing News Media Advisories News New Products & Services News Obituaries News Outsourcing Businesses News Personnel Announcements News Real Estate Transactions News Residential Real Estate News Small Business Services News Socially Responsible Investing News Surveys, Polls and Research News Trade Show News Science & Tech Science & Tech Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview All Consumer Technology News Computer Electronics News Computer Hardware News Computer Software News Consumer Electronics News Electronic Commerce News Electronic Gaming News Mobile Entertainment News Multimedia & Internet News Peripherals News Social Media News Web site News Wireless Communications News Energy Energy Overview All Energy News Alternative Energies News Chemical News Electrical Utilities News Mining News Gas News Mining & Metals News Oil & Energy News Oil & Gas Discoveries News Utilities News Water Utilities News Environment Environment Overview All Environment News Conservation & Recycling News Environmental Issues News Environmental Policy News Environmental Products & Services News Green Technology News Heavy Industry Manufacturing Heavy Industry Manufacturing Overview All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing News Aerospace & Defense News Agriculture News Construction & Building News Chemical News Mining & Metals News HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning News Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy News Machinery News Mining News Paper, Forest Products & Containers News Precious Metals News Textiles News Tobacco News Telecommunica­tions Telecommunica­tions Overview All Telecommunica­tions News Carriers and Services News Networks News Mobile Entertainment News Peripherals News Wireless Communications News Telecommunications Equipment News Telecommunications Industry News VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) News Money Money Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview All Financial Services News Accounting News & Issues News Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers News Banking & Financial Services News Bankruptcy News Bond & Stock Ratings News Contracts News Dividends News Earnings News Earnings Forecasts & Projections News Conference Call Announcements News Financing Agreements News Insurance News Investment Opinions News Joint Ventures News Mutual Funds News OTC, SmallCap News Real Estate News Restructuring & Recapitalization News Sales Reports News Shareholders' Rights Plan News Stock Offering News Stock Split News Venture Capital News Health & Living Health & Living Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview All Consumer Products & Retail News Animals & Pets News Beers, Wines and Spirits News Beverages News Bridal Services News Cosmetics and Personal Care News Fashion News Food & Beverages News Furniture and Furnishings News Home Improvements News Household Products News Household, Consumer & Cosmetics News Jewelry News Non-Alcoholic Beverages News Office Products News Organic Food News Product Recalls News Restaurants News Retail News Supermarkets News Toys News Entertainment & Media Entertainment & Media Overview All Entertainment & Media News Advertising News Art News Books News Entertainment News Film and Motion Picture News Magazines News Music News Publishing & Information Services News Radio News Television News Health Health Overview All Health News Biometrics News Biotechnology News Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries News Dentistry News Health Care & Hospitals News FDA Approval News Health Insurance News Infection Control News Medical Equipment News Medical Pharmaceuticals News Mental Health News Pharmaceuticals News Supplementary Medicine News Sports Sports Overview All Sports News General Sports News Sporting Events News Sports Equipment & Accessories News Travel Travel Overview All Travel News Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions News Gambling & Casinos News Hotels and Resorts News Leisure & Tourism News Passenger Aviation News Travel Industry News Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview All Policy & Public Interest News Advocacy Group Opinion News Animal Welfare News Corporate Social Responsibility News Domestic policy News Economic news, trends, analysis News Education News European Government News FDA Approval News Federal and state legislation News Federal Executive Branch & Agency News Foreign Policy & International Affairs News Homeland Security News Labour & Union News Legal Investigations and Class Actions News Legal issues News Not for profit News Patent Law News Environmental News Political Campaigns News Public Safety News Trade policy News People & Culture People & Culture People & Culture Overview All People & Culture News Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American News African American News Asian American News Children News Handicapped, Disabled News Hispanic News Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual News Religion News Senior Citizens News Veterans News Women News Financials Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Conference calls Contracts Dividends Earnings Banking & Financial Services Computer & Electronics Energy & Oil Media Mining & Metals Webcasts Services Knowledge Centre Our Blog About CNW For Journalists Member sign-in Online Member Centre Cision PR Edition CisionPoint MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation Cision Social Edition Visible Intelligence FastFinder my CNW CNW Access CNW Directories Register for my CNW Français Send a News Release Français Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Privacy & Terms of Use Careers Media Partners RSS Feeds PR Newswire Contact © 2016 CNW Group Ltd. × Login to my CNW Invalid username/password Email address Password Invalid password Forgot your password? Remember me Submit Don't have a my CNW account? Register now for my CNW Learn more about my CNW × Reset Your Password Please enter the e-mail address you used to register your account. Email address Please provide a valid email address Thank you for submitting your request. You will receive an e-mail shortly with a link to reset your password. If you cannot find the e-mail message, please check your spam folder. Submit
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.250.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » state Retailers Begin Holiday Hiring Updated October 3, 2016 1:05 PM  Print    Archive    RSS (INDIANAPOLIS) - Several large retailers plan to add thousands of seasonal employees this holiday season in central Indiana and more of them are high paying jobs this year, according to Purdue University Professor of Retail Management Richard Feinberg. As part of a national trend, retailers are hiring less people inside brick and mortar stores and more people in distribution centers, Feinberg said, and in general those jobs tend to pay more. "Central Indiana looks pretty good,' he said. "Because we have a lot of distributions centers. We have the FedEx people, we have the Amazon people, we have a Walmart distribution center and those places hire a lot of people." UPS plans to hire nearly 900 people this holiday season in central Indiana and more than 100 of those jobs will pay $30 an hour. "There are many cities and areas in the United States that don't have the luxury of having a strong retailing presence in terms of distribution," Feinberg said. Other retailers looking to add employees this holiday season include JC Penney, 350 jobs, and Meijer, 1,200 jobs. Macy's, Kohls and Target also are in the process of hiring seasonal employees. Feinberg said if you're looking to get a job this holiday season the most important thing to emphasize on your resume and during your job interview is the ability to deliver exceptional customer service. "I would even go so far as to get a book on Amazon on customer service and when you go to the interview flop it down on the interview table and you won't have to say anything because they will see you're reading about customer service," Feinberg said. The ability to multitask, flexibility and a positive personality are all other important traits when it comes to seasonal jobs, he said. Feinberg added added many retailers are hiring right now and said it's good to be proactive in your job search. Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2016 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18905.67 0.01%   S&P 500 ▲ 2186.61 -0.02%   Nasdaq ▲ 5335.95 0.04%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 6/32 yield 2.282%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.64 0.48%   Euro ▲ 1.0607 -0.19%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In VW to Slash Up to 30,000 Jobs in Broad Overhaul Chipotle, William Ackman Near Settlement Over the Board Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence Former Executives Accused in Fraud Against Valeant DraftKings and FanDuel Agree to Merge Europe Inc. Is Poised for a Rebound The Numbers For Hotels, Online Reviews Affect the Bottom Line Shipping Tycoon Angelicoussis Expects Trump Bump, Not Trade War South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Abercrombie Profit Tumbles Amid Rebranding Efforts China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.wsj.com/articles/open-offices-are-losing-some-of-their-openness-1475460662 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Journal Reports: Leadership Open Offices Are Losing Some of Their Openness Companies look for ways to add privacy and quiet areas without reverting to the traditional office design A Silicon Valley Bank meeting area is designed to foster connections between teams. Photo: Lars Frazer By Alina Dizik Oct. 2, 2016 10:11 p.m. ET 10 COMMENTS Noisy, open-floor plans have become a staple of office life. But after years of employee complaints, companies are trying to quiet the backlash. Many studies show how open-plan office spaces can have negative effects on employees and productivity. As a result, companies are adding soundproof rooms, creating quiet zones and rearranging floor plans to appeal to employees eager to escape disruptions at their desk. Companies are “not providing sufficient variety in spaces,” says David Lehrer, a researcher at the Center for the Built Environment at the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Lehrer studies the impact of office designs on employees, and lack of “speech privacy” is currently a significant problem, he says. Employees in open-plan offices are less likely to be satisfied with their offices than employees in a traditional office layout, Mr. Lehrer adds. Companies are stopping short, however, of actually returning to traditional-style offices, with their many more individual rooms, doors and desks. Part of the reason is economic: Traditional offices are more costly in terms of materials, design and space. Instead, companies that want to redesign are looking for ways to create privacy zones amid otherwise open-office plans. Journal Report Insights from The Experts Read more at WSJ.com/LeadershipReport More in C-Suite Strategies Let Your Superstars Go Inside Netflix’s Global Push Wal-Mart’s E-Grocery Push Wayfair: The Amazon of Furniture? Home Depot Weathers Retail Storm Office culture has long teetered between having private spaces and then having them taken away. Google and other tech companies led the recent rush to the more-open approach, a practice that was hastened by the need for cost-cutting during the 2008-09 recession. (Open-plan office space costs as much as 50% less per employee than more traditional office layouts, because of its smaller footprint and lower build-out costs.) Many open-office designs were adopted also because they were thought by experts to produce a more collaborative atmosphere. Such designs come in two basic setups: With “benching,” also known as “hoteling,” employees don’t have assigned desks and work wherever there’s an available space; with “desking,” each employee gets a small personalized workspace in a large open room. As many as 20% of offices use at least one of the two plans, according to Haworth Inc., an office-design company based in Holland, Mich. Companies with open offices, however, soon encountered the downsides. For one thing, workers took increased sick days—a 2014 Swedish study of more than 1,800 workers found open-plan workers were twice as likely to take sick days as workers in traditional offices. The reason, the researchers hypothesized: the spread of germs and increased environmental stress of working in an open space. Workers also complained of an inability to focus and were generally less content with their work environment, the study said. Now, companies are again “realizing people actually have to be productive,” says Ned Fennie, partner at San Francisco-based architecture firm Fennie + Mehl. One company to back away from open-plan offices, in response to employee complaints about a lack of space for more private conversations and informal meeting spaces, is Silicon Valley Bank, based in Santa Clara, Calif. Working with Fennie + Mehl, the company in 2012 began to add more private spaces, including “phone booths” that can seat one or two people, and modest “huddle” rooms for small meetings. The company has also doubled the number of chairs per employee, following a 2-to-1 ratio used by office designers that gives workers more choices of where and how to work. Silicon Valley Bank’s plan makes it possible for employees to work at their own desks or in a common area. In the past four years, the bank has either renovated or built new offices from scratch so that 60% of its 42 locations have more private areas. The firm is now “getting positive feedback” from employees, says Tom Suro, the bank’s director of real estate workplace services. Changes have also been seen at HealthcareSource HR Inc., a software provider in Woburn, Mass., which went to an open-floor plan designed by architect Leslie Saul & Associates when it moved offices in 2014. Previously, the office had cubicle walls 6 feet high and few private rooms. The cubicles created a sense of privacy, but actually increased noise levels because workers were less aware of how sounds traveled beyond the walls. Now, instead of cubicles, the new space has soundproof glass cabanas at the center of the open-space office. This creates more space for employees looking for quiet, while maintaining the airy feel of the brightly colored space. Previously in C-Suite Strategies Make Pay Transparency Work Dress for Success, Be a Success? The Price Assertive Women Pay Avoid Common Merger Mistakes How Not to Flunk at Failure “It’s a focal point,” Chief Financial Officer Bryce Chicoyne says of the cabanas, so named because they resemble little houses, complete with their own roofs. When publishing house HarperCollins moved to downtown Manhattan from its 30-year-old headquarters in midtown in 2013, company executives considered but rejected a more open plan after studying employees’ daily tasks. “We looked at doing that big open space and piling everyone in, but that didn’t fit our culture,” says Larry Nevins, the company’s executive vice president of operations. (HarperCollins is a unit of News Corp., which also owns Dow Jones & Co., publisher of The Wall Street Journal.) The company, which worked with Haworth on its plan, gave offices to senior editors and executives, because they tend to do many one-on-one meetings. But those offices have glass fronts and aren’t on the periphery of the floor, where they would obstruct the windows for others, he says. More employees in creative roles, he says, have workstations set up in a pinwheel style, a change that creates collaboration but allows some privacy. Additional meeting rooms are available, and are themed according to noise-level expectations. A cafe and library area are often used by editors examining manuscripts. Areas for noisier groups, such as sales, marketing and operations staff, he says, are positioned away from quieter editorial operations. “When you can create nooks and crannies,” Mr. Nevins says, “folks will really leverage them.” Ms. Dizik is a writer in Chicago. Email her at reports@wsj.com. Why the Best Leaders Want Their Superstar Employees to Leave When top performers go on to better things, the departures usually hasten the flow of more top talent into a company. Click to Read Story How Your Body Language Can Tell People You’re a Leader Nonverbal communication from executives can speak volumes to employees and others. Click to Read Story Wayfair: The Amazon of Furniture? CEO Niraj Shah says changing demographics will help the company succeed at selling furniture online. Click to Read Story Advertisement Raytheon Pivots to Commercial Cybersecurity CEO Tom Kennedy explains why he thinks the defense contractor has an edge in the that market. Click to Read Story Home Depot Thrives in a Non-Big-Box World CFO Carol Tomé says the home-improvement chain is adapting to online challenges. Click to Read Story The Art of the Office Conversation A few simple rules can help us all get more out of workplace chats. Click to Read Story Advertisement C-Suite Strategies Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (10) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes LA Auto Show: Five Things to Watch Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles U.S. Prosecutors Charge Former Valeant, Philidor Executives Yellen Says Rate Rise Could Come ‘Relatively Soon’ as Data Point to Stronger Economy Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
null
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Xiaomi Mi Box 4K Android TV box officially launched in the US for $69 Xiaomi announced Mi Box, its 4K box powered by Android TV back in May at the Google I/O. Xiaomi already said that it will first launch in the US, with other global markets to follow. Today the company has officially launched it in the US, after it showed up on Walmart recently. Mi Box: Xiaomi's first U.S. product launching today! Android TV, 4K/HDR, Google voice search & Google cast, $69 on https://t.co/Pu4geS3582 pic.twitter.com/6Cj3pgjgn4— Hugo Barra (@hbarra) October 3, 2016 Mi Box runs Android TV 6.0 and lets you access movies, shows and games from Google Play, YouTube and other apps. It has 4K UHD video content playback at 60 frames per second, latest HDR10 standard (to be enabled from Android N on-wards) and the updated HDMI 2.0a. Xiaomi Mi Box specifications 60fps 4K video decoding Quad-Core ARM Cortex-A53 CPU and Mali 450 GPU 2GB DDR3 RAM and 8GB eMMC flash Android TV 6.0 Dolby Digital Plus + DTS surround sound Bluetooth voice remote (powered by 2 AAA batteries) Optional Mi Game Controller Wi-Fi 802.11ac (2.4GHz/5GHz), Bluetooth 4.0 HDMI 2.0a x 1 port (HDCP 2.2), USB 2.0 x 1, SPDIF Out / 3.5mm audio output x 1, VP9 Profile-2 up to 4K x 2K at 60fps, H.265 HEVC MP-10 at L5.1, up to 4K x 2K at 60fps, H.264 AVC HPat L5.1, up to 4K x 2K at 30fps, H.264 MVC, up to 1080P at 60fps The Xiaomi Mi Box comes in black color, is priced at $69 (Rs. 4600 approx.) and looks like it is already sold out online but it will be available at Wallmart stores later this week. It also comes with $76 worth offers from Sling TV, Pandora, VUDU and more.  Xiaomi did not reveal any details about the global roll out yet. "Xiaomi Mi Box 4K Android TV box officially launched in the US for $69", 3 out of 5 based on 19 ratings. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen). You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on October 4, 2016November 16, 2016Categories News, USA, Xiaomi Post navigation Previous Previous post: Google Pixel and Pixel XL specs detailed, Nokia D1C surfaces and more – FoneArena Daily Next Next post: Facebook introduces Marketplace for local buying and selling Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts YouTube Kids improves parental controls with ability to block videos and channels Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus’ multi-touch issue RCom’s RGC India app for international calls launched, call rates start from Rs. 1.4 per minute CyanogenMod 14.1 nightly builds now available for OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Moto G (3rd Gen) and more Google Home Unboxing Google and Intel team up to push enterprise cloud adoption Amazon Prime Video to launch in 200 countries including India next month GoPro HERO5 Black Unboxing – 4K Waterproof action camera Aircel records 74% 3G data revenue growth, 76% 3G data consumption growth in 2016 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) with Snapdragon 430 press image surfaces CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Great Bend Post Great Bend News, Opinion, Video Local News Sports Events Entertainment Other Trading Post Obituaries Great Bend Eats Ernie’s Bar & Grill Granny’s Kitchen Kiowa Kitchen Lone Wolf Restaurant Playa Azul The Rack Billiard Cafe Employment Wall Advertise Great Bend City Council torn on possibility of new apartments October 3, 2016 by Cole Reif 12 Comments A goal of the Great Bend City Council for a number of years now has been to develop more housing opportunities. The City of Great Bend took a step in that direction by having Overland Property Group develop a 48-unit apartment complex on Grant Street next to Walmart. The apartments opened up last August and were made possible because of a Rural Housing Incentive District (RHID). The RHID gives tax credits to the developer. A second phase for 48 more units at The Reserves at Trail Ridge has been proposed but council members like Mike Zinn were not so sure about the development. Mike Zinn Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/zinn-house.mp3 Along with additional low-income housing and police complaints in the area, there was a concern with giving tax credits to a company outside of the community. The RHID allows the developer to not have to pay taxes for 15 years, meaning no dollars coming back to the community. Jason Mayers is the Chief Executive Officer of MPIRE Property Management Inc. Mayers says the current apartment complex has already hurt house rental businesses and should not be allowed to receive another RHID. Jason Mayers Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/mayers-house.mp3 The city council voiced both support and concerns for the potential apartment complex. With a 4-2 vote, the council agreed to adopt a resolution that set a public hearing date for discussion on the creation of the RHID for The Reserves at Trail Ridge II. The hearing date is November 7 at the regular city council meeting. Share this: Google Twitter Email Facebook Filed Under: Featured, Local Comments Glenda Zimmerman says October 3, 2016 at 10:08 pm No more apartments The long time residents who do pay plenty of taxes here have rentals sitting empty Current score: 4 Report this comment Reply Chuck says October 3, 2016 at 10:17 pm Yea and charging way to much per month it is ridiculous. Most of the houses for rent are not worth half what is being charged. Current score: 0 Report this comment Reply Ashmarie says October 4, 2016 at 5:43 am Well make the rent lower instead of asking $1000.00 a month ,so a family of 4 can still live an put food on the table .Clothes an shoes on feet An gas to go to work each day,pay utilities…jobs in Great Bend don’t pay that much for a low income family to live. Current score: 0 Report this comment Reply Seeking Tacos says October 3, 2016 at 10:10 pm Maybe if rental houses were a little more affordable…….when you take home $1500 a month but your rent is 800-1000 a month, Current score: 0 Report this comment Reply Cindy B says October 3, 2016 at 10:56 pm A lot of that is also due to the greed of landlords. This small community with few decent paying jobs, can not expect people to pay $700.00 – $900.00 per month for a “decent” 3 bdrm. rental house. Current score: 0 Report this comment Reply just saying says October 4, 2016 at 3:48 am But on the other side there are dang sure plenty of slum lords out there who don’t and won’t fix anything, and I mean anything. Even the most essential of things. Current score: 0 Report this comment Reply Great Bend boy says October 4, 2016 at 7:46 am Maybe if these landlords in GB didn’t charge $500-$700 rent for subpar housing, people would choose their rentals over apartments. Rent in this town is out of control. Current score: 11 Report this comment Reply Fuzzy says October 4, 2016 at 9:55 am And maybe if tenants knew how to take care of the properties the rent wouldn’t need to be so high. Current score: 0 Report this comment Reply charlieshorse says October 4, 2016 at 1:18 pm That’s a conservative figure, isn’t it? I know of one slumlord in my neighborhood (middle-income, bluecollar) asking for upwards of $900.00/month for three bedroom, garage, fenced backyard. (House has been vacant for three months) His properties are junk. Real estate in this town has historically behaved as if Great Bend is a hotbed of opportunity…which it is not, hasn’t been for a long time, and at the present rate, NEVER will be. Fast-food workers being paid $8.00/hour, feeding a family, cannot afford much more than $400.00/month, if that. Maybe some of these “long time residents who do pay plenty of taxes here (who) have rentals sitting empty” should think about some new enterprise to bring the Great Bend economy alive, instead of just holding renters by the throat! All one needs to do is drive around our town, and see how many empty buildings there are for sale, most of which have been for sale for more than two years…but the purchase/rent price never comes down! Current score: 1 Report this comment Reply robert says October 4, 2016 at 8:05 am This has got to be on e of the dumbest thing that I have ever heard of. This is exactly why Great Bend is in decline.. The people in control of GB want nothing new or any changes. How many rentals does tnis Mike Zinn have? Current score: 5 Report this comment Reply charlieshorse says October 4, 2016 at 1:31 pm You are short-sighted…more housing does not encourage new economy, regardless of who supplies it. (If it happens to be subsidized/low income housing, it only encourages a lower standard of living. I call that “Seaboard Theory”) With your thinking, we could build houses in the Sahara, and have a great economy. New business first, housing as needed. I agree with you, however, seems like some of the folks in the story are looking out for their selves… Maybe the reason they have empty rentals is due to the energy industry downturn. Current score: 0 Report this comment Reply Resident says October 4, 2016 at 9:12 am As a resident of Trail Ridge I’d like to point out rent for my two bedroom is $ 600.00 a month plus bills it comes to about $760.00 a month, throw in cable and it’s easily $800.00 a month. They are not income adjusted like people think. I do get what I pay for it is a great community of people. There has been some not so great people within the 48 Apts. But they’ve been evicted. I thinks it’s unfair to refer to it as low income crime ridden area, they are very nice and well maintained ,unlike many other rental properties in Great Bend. Current score: 2 Report this comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © 2016 · Great Bend Post - Great Bend, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 68° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 68° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Blotter Oct. 3, 2016 at 9:06 p.m. Updated Oct. 3, 2016 at 9:12 p.m. INDICTED Editor's Note: An indictment is not an indication of guilt. It is a finding by a grand jury that enough evidence exists to warrant a trial. VICTORIA - A grand jury returned indictments on the following people Sept. 29: Armando Ray Garza, 25, of Victoria, on a charge of evading arrest or detention with a previous conviction May 5. Shane Austin Sierra, 33, of Victoria, on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. He is charged with injuring a woman while exhibiting or using a deadly weapon, his hands, a pole, a knife and a firearm, Sept. 4. Lionel Lee Lane, 30, of Victoria, on a charge of assault of a family or household member with a previous conviction. He is charged with striking a female member of his family in the face on April 23. Lee Trevino Zuniga, 28, of Victoria, on a charge of assault of a family or household member by impeding his or her breath or circulation on April 8. Amanda Marie Ezzell, 29, of Port Lavaca, on a charge of theft two or more previous convictions. She is charged with stealing ear buds valued at less than $2,500 from Wal-Mart, located at 4101 Houston Highway, on Aug. 12. Angela Garcia Pena, 48, of Victoria, on a charge of theft with two or more previous convictions. She is charged with stealing Zyrtec pills, valued at less than $2,500, from H-E-B Plus!, 6101 N. Navarro St., on July 4. Michael Anthony Delossantos, 41, of Victoria, on a charge of theft with two or more previous convictions. He is charged with stealing meat and laundry detergent valued between $100 and $750 from Wal-Mart, 4101 Houston Highway, on Dec. 15. Rolando V. Casanova, 57, of Victoria, on a charge of driving while intoxicated third offense or more on April 25. He was convicted of DWI in 2007 and in 2013 in Victoria County, according to his indictment. Cody Alan Shaw, 23, of Victoria, on a charge of burglary of a habitation. He is charged with entering a woman's house with intent to assault a man June 29. Kristopher Oneal Durst, 24, of Victoria, on a charge of possession of a controlled substance, cocaine, between 1 and 4 grams April 19. In a separate indictment, Durst is charged with manufacture or delivery of a controlled substance, meth, between 4 and 200 grams; manufacture or delivery of a controlled substance, cocaine, between 1 and 4 grams; and unlawful possession of a firearm by a felon June 20. Thomas Sedillo Cano III, 23, of Victoria, on a charge of theft between $1,500 and $20,000 in cash from Subway on May 29, 2013. Enrique Estephen Toro, 19, of San Marcos, on a charge of possession of a controlled substance, cocaine, less than 1 gram Nov. 8. RELATED Friday Morning Formation: Nov. 18 Area Football Playoff Pairings Community leaders progress on Active Living Plan Prosecutor: Victim was beaten to death All-area nominations, all-district teams sought -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 14  Port Lavaca man auditioning for 'America's Got Talent' 08  Medical examiner: Methadone caused jailed teen's death 06  Woman asks that people pray for America, president 05  Jury acquits teen of assault 05  Former president, first lady visit DeWitt County Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
null
null
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 59°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified HSHS FBLA'S Operation Gratitude coming to a store near you Published: Monday, Oct. 3, 2016 4:56 p.m. CST • Updated: Monday, Oct. 3, 2016 4:58 p.m. CST HENRY — To show their gratitude, the Henry-Senachwine High School (HSHS) Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) will be “adopting” an active duty deployed platoon. Once they “adopt” their platoon they will begin collecting items to send to them. The collection drive will be Saturday, Oct. 8, and Sunday, Oct. 9, at various locations, including Henry Dollar General, Princeton Walmart and Chillicothe Kroger. They will be accepting items as well as cash donations. A grocery list of items requested by the platoon will be available at each location to make shopping easier. The cash donations will go toward shipping the items which currently costs $16.75 for a large flat rate box. The goal is to ship as many boxes and there are members in the “adopted” troop. So if there are 50 members in the troop the goal is to ship 50 boxes. The boxes will be shipped by Monday, Oct. 17; as a result all donations must be received by Friday, Oct. 14. The public is invited to join HSHS FBLA in showing gratitude to the deployed men and women by making a donation at one of the above locations or by contacting Rita Self at 309-364-2829. If a group or organization would also like to adopt a platoon contact Amanda Kerns at kerns101@gmail.com for more information. More News SBA HOBY award recipients namedNov. 16, 2016 - 3:06 pm Dual credit program results in significant savingsNov. 16, 2016 - 2:53 pm Welding registration sessions announcedNov. 15, 2016 - 4:15 pm Nielsen named SAR award winner at HallNov. 14, 2016 - 3:21 pm October Teens of the Month recognizedNov. 11, 2016 - 4:18 pm Lusietto named DAR award winnerNov. 11, 2016 - 3:51 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Today: November 18, 2016, 4:03 pm ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Murphy USA Schedules 2016 Third Quarter Results Conference Call PR-Inside.com: 2016-10-03 23:05:01 EL DORADO, Arkansas, October 3, 2016 - Murphy USA Inc. (NYSE: MUSA) will release third quarter 2016 earnings results after the market close on Wednesday, November 2nd, followed by a conference call at 10:00 a.m. CT on Thursday, November 3rd.  Interested parties may participate by dialing 1-877-291-1367 and referencing conference ID number 92470652.  The call can also be accessed through the Investor Relations section of Murphy USA's website at http://ir.corporate.murphyusa.com. A replay of the earnings call will be available on Murphy USA's web site and a recording will be available through Friday, November 4th, by dialing 1-855-859-2056 and referencing conference ID number 92470652.  In addition, a transcript of the event will be made available on the website shortly following the conference call. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this news release contain or may suggest "forward-looking" information (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that involve risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to anticipated store openings, fuel margins, merchandise margins, sales of RINs and trends in our operations.  Such statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.  Actual future results may differ materially from historical results or current expectations depending upon factors including, but not limited to: our ability to continue to maintain a good business relationship with Walmart; successful execution of our growth strategy, including our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from such growth initiatives, and the timely completion of construction associated with our newly planned stores which may be impacted  by the financial health of third parties; our ability to effectively manage our inventory, disruptions in our supply chain and our ability to control costs; the impact of any systems failures, cybersecurity and/or security breaches, including any security breach that results in theft, transfer or unauthorized disclosure of customer, employee or company information or our compliance with information security and privacy laws and regulations in the event of such an incident; successful execution of our information technology strategy; future tobacco or e-cigarette legislation and any other efforts that make purchasing tobacco products more costly or difficult could hurt our revenues and impact gross margins; efficient and proper allocation of our capital resources; compliance with debt covenants; availability and cost of credit; and changes in interest rates.  Our SEC reports, including the most recently filed Annual Report on our Form 10-K, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and 8-K updates contain other information on these and other factors that could affect our financial results and cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking information we may provide.  The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events, new information or future circumstances.  ##### About Murphy USA Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) is a leading retailer of gasoline and convenience merchandise with more than 1,300 stations located primarily in the Southwest, Southeast and Midwest United States. The company and its team of almost 10,000 employees serve an estimated 1.6 million customers each day through its network of retail gasoline stations in 24 states. The majority of Murphy USA's sites are located in close proximity to Walmart stores. The company also markets gasoline and other products at standalone stores under the Murphy Express brand.  Murphy USA ranks 258 among Fortune 500 companies. Investor Contact: Christian Pikul - Director of Investor Relations Christian.Pikul@murphyusa.com Office - 870-875-7683 Joe Van Cavage - Investor Relations Analyst Joe.VanCavage@murphyusa.com Office - 870-875-7522 Media/Public Relations Contact: Jerianne Thomas - Director of Communications Jerianne.Thomas@murphyusa.com Cell - 870-866-6321 Office - 870-875-7770 This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Murphy USA Inc. via Globenewswire # 902 Words Related Articles More From The Author Rimini Street Delivers Next Set of 2016 [..] Rimini Street, Inc. : Updates for the United States and Canada Rimini Street updates for the United States and Canada [..] Oxford Immunotec Announces Favorable Decision from U.S. [..] OXFORD, United Kingdom and MARLBOROUGH, Mass., Oct. 03, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (Nasdaq:OXFD), a [..] EDF EN Mexico Wins 342 Megawatts in [..] EDF EN Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. (EDF EN Mexico), a subsidiary of the EDF Energies Nouvelles Group, today [..] UPDATE -- Aquari Storage Achieves Commvault Compatibility Introduces support for backup and disaster recovery applications ATLANTA, Oct. 03, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Concurrent, a [..] INGREDION TO RELEASE 2016 THIRD QUARTER FINANCIAL [..] WESTCHESTER, Ill., October 3, 2016 - Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE: INGR), a leading global provider of ingredient solutions to [..]   More From Business Creative England Launches First Ever Brand Campaign Creative England, a pioneering not-for-profit company which accelerates talent and ideas across tech, games, TV and film, today [..] VAG strongly supports the "Tag der Unternehmen" [..] VAG strongly supports the "Tag der Unternehmen" (Company Day) Even if it is regularly maintained that people don't learn [..] Get cool Gadgets for your Sibling at [..] Rakhi.GiftstoIndia24x7.com features a variety of gadgets that can be sent to siblings in India. These electronic items are available [..] Where to get Budget wise Gifts for [..] Rakhi gift ideas are very essential to this festival and it is also necessary to choose a gift within budget. [..] Global Top Countries Plastic Bag Market Report To get a sample report, please email to: lymin@lpinformationdata.com The report introduces Plastic Bag basic information including [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 13 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Battery thief remains at large A man who police suspect stole several batteries from the Walmart in Bucyrus is still on the loose. Post to Facebook Battery thief remains at large A man who police suspect stole several batteries from the Walmart in Bucyrus is still on the loose.  Check out this story on bucyrustelegraphforum.com: http://ohne.ws/2dVOAwD {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Battery thief remains at large Zach Tuggle , Reporter 5:27 p.m. EDT October 3, 2016 A man accused to stealing recycled batteries from the Bucyrus Walmart is still at large. (Photo: Photo submitted) 13 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE BUCYRUS - A man who police suspect stole several batteries from the Walmart in Bucyrus is still on the loose. Bucyrus Police Chief David Koepke said a man took several recycled automotive batteries from outside the store sometime either Saturday night or Sunday morning. "It happened when it was dark," Koepke said. "The batteries were in an outside storage area." A man accused to stealing recycled batteries from the Bucyrus Walmart is still at large.  (Photo: Photo submitted) Koepke said he is not sure the value of the batteries, or what the suspect might intend to do with them. No other items were reported stolen. Anyone with information about the theft can contact the police department at 419-562-1006. ztuggle@gannett.com 419-563-9225 Twitter: @zachtuggle 13 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2dVOAwD TOP VIDEOS Regional track from Lex 1:27 Galion boys win regional title 1:01 Crawford County Track Meet Highlights 1:16 Bucyrus Elks Invitational highlights 0:46 Buckeyes vs. local greats 1:37 Coach jumps in with all-stars 0:50 North all-stars 2:07 South all-stars 1:57 Noah Lear laid to rest on Monday 0:59 Galion wrestler Drake Barnett 0:29 Crawford state medalist relay team 2:06 Wynford vs Buckeye Central highlights 2:52 Wynford advances to sectional finals 2:21 Buckeye Central advances to sectional finals 1:03 Wynford vs Willard Girls Basketball Highlights 0:50 Bucyrus Girls Basketball Highlights 1:05 Crawford girls are state-bound 2:20 Colonel Crawford Boys Basketball Highlights 1:34 Colonel Crawford Girls Basketball Highlights 1:18 Buckeye at Wynford boys basketball highlights 1:41 Crawford's Callie Ruffener 1:06 Col. Crawford at Buckeye Highlights 1:08 Harding at Galion boys basketball highlights 1:46 Will Tribe start fast? 1:28 New Tribe slugger 0:29 Tribe broadcaster Matt Underwood 1:37 Talkin' Tribe 0:54 Hannah Gulley scores first point 0:39 Alyssa Harrer scores final basket 0:25 Wynford at Bucyrus Girls Basketball Highlights 1:02 Jaden Lutz wins conference title for Bucyrus 1:41 Tyler Glowaski scores 9 in the 4th 1:42 Buckeye Central Girls Basketball Highlights 1:50 Galion high jump medalist 0:24 Title sweep for Colonel Crawford 0:45 Fatal Ohio Turnpike crash 1:15 Tiger dynamo Marisa Gwinner 1:51 Tiger dynamo Marisa Gwinner 1:51 Two silver medals for Galion freshman 1:05 Galion state finalist Deaken McCoy 2:40 Cory Jackson hearing 2:00 Galion vs Port Clinton boys basketball 1:55 Paws on Pawns 1:04 Galion swimmer Sam DeNero 1:50 Donald Hoffman: A Killer's Own Words 5:31 Spot the dog 0:54 Ron Kline: 50 years of perfect work attendance 0:46 Capital Yes exhibit at OSUM 1:06 Alpha Recovery and Jericho House 1:47 Linn Road log cabin burns 0:56 Rumpke truck righted on Hanley Road 1:04 Lee's Comfort Shoes 0:57 Humane Society Rescues Dogs 1:46 Paying It Forward 1:11 A Night of Hope 1:36 Noel Lizotte demos two-ingredient pumpkin cake 2:36 Elvis at Dillinger's Event Center 1:02 Bucyrus Fire Dept. Hazard House 3:34 Zaidin Zier gets a new bicycle 0:40 Candlelight Christmas 0:47 Hopley Ave. House Fire 0:27 Santa Parade 2014 1:02 Brian Garber news conference 1:44 West Warren Street fire reignites 0:33 South Sandusky Avenue Fire 0:43 Stimens Aprartment Fire 0:38 Watercolors and Wines 0:49 Oakwood Cemetery Monuments 0:25 Crawford County Veterans Hall of Fame 1:39 Fredericktown's Austin Hathaway 0:40 Mansfield Christian celebrates boys soccer state title 1:29 Mansfield Christian boys soccer team to play in state finals 1:21 Ohio State basketball talks chemistry 1:17 Madison running back Juwan Howard and coach Sean Conway 1:24 Mansfield Christian boys soccer ready for state 1:04 Two-time All-Ohioan Mackenzie Weaver picks Syracuse 0:41 Lexington girls cross country highlights from Division II state meet 2:47 Division II boys cross country state meet highlights 1:02 Seth Miller graduation 1:29 Trick or Treat in Bucyrus 0:43 Lexington boys cross country highlights 2:28 Lexington boys cross country highlights 2:15 Lexington girls cross country 1:04 Lexington junior Dominique Clairmonte 0:32 Ashland boys cross country 0:18 Lexington boys cross country 2:15 Hee Haw Hayride 1:04 Crawford County Humane Society needs a new crematory 0:38 Fitness tips with Bryce Bahm 3:14 Memorial for crash victims 2:00 Lexington senior volleyball player Alannah Lemming 0:22 Carle's Cooking School 0:37 Highland senior Kam Terry 1:06 Ohio State forward Marc Loving talks basketball 0:45 OSU's Anthony Lee on where he fits into the team 0:36 Ohio State men's basketball media day 1:37 Two House Fires in Bucyrus 1:03 Poster Rally held to find missing teen 0:38 Trailer fire at Waterford Glen 0:48 Author and Illustrator visit Bucyrus Elementary 0:51

Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt 4 Things You Think You Know About Location Services (But Don't) By David Bairstow | Oct 3, 2016 CHANNEL: Customer Experience Mobile apps are becoming more advanced in their use of location services. Just consider the breakout success of Pokémon Go, a virtual reality game that requires users to turn on location services to play. Nothing more clearly shows how important location can be to app user engagement. Critical Need for Accurate Location Services Pokémon Go players walk around real-life neighborhoods to hunt down virtual Pokémon characters on their smartphone screens —even helping local shops and restaurants attract new customers off the street with certain in-app features. The requirement for this level of precision makes it clear that accurate location services are critical to the success of today’s apps. According to my own company's research, 83 percent of app users say location is crucial to their app experiences. And yet users have failed to activate location services for more than half of location-dependent app they say they use, including weather and navigation. This may be largely due to a few persistent myths that cause users to avoid turning location services on, even though it reduces the effectiveness of apps that rely on accurate location data. 4 Common Myths & Misconceptions So why the resistance to location services? The reluctance can be traced to four common myths and misconceptions. 1. Location data is unhelpful App publishers need to do a better job of using location data and proving the value of location services. Location-based context can enhance app user experience (UX) with in-app modes to anticipate what users will need at a time and specific location. These sort of dynamic experiences go beyond just Pokémon Go — retail apps like Walmart, low gas price finding app Gasbuddy and even Snapchat all make use of location-based features to benefit their users. In addition to informing several other user engagement aspects, such as sending coupons when a user is near a certain coffee shop or clothing store, location data can help inform user experience design. When it comes to app design, developers must keep in mind what users will be doing in specific use cases — which means product visionaries need in-depth insight into where users go and why they go to those places. Being able to analyze and categorize the frequency in which their user base goes to a place or types of places allows designers and developers to better anticipate the needs of each user. Accurate location data can help make experiences super relevant in all aspects of usage. 2. Location services are always on Many smartphones users believe that their devices are tracking their location without their consent or knowledge. The truth is that no matter what operating system is being used, both iOS and Android systems prompt users repeatedly about allowing the device to use their location — and both platforms allow users to turn off location services entirely. When users turn off location services, they lose the benefit of adding contextual understanding to their experience. 3. Location data infringes on user privacy Many users turn off location services because they are concerned about their privacy. Many see the sharing of their location data as a way for advertisers to get a hold of their personal data. The truth is that publishers don’t need to violate consumers’ privacy or give away user information to increase the value of ad inventory and deliver relevant content. Publishers have the ability to build contextual, anonymous personas of their audience based on their real-world activities, all using location data that’s been volunteered by users. These personas can combine demographic data — like income level, education, gender, age and ethnicity — with behavioral patterns based on where users go and when. 4. Location services cause severe battery drainage Our research shows more than half of the nearly 20 percent of app users who turn off location services do so because of battery consumption concerns. Pokémon Go is one such game that’s come under fire for draining batteries due to the nearly constant requests to GPS hardware. Companies are experimenting with new ways of minimizing battery drain without sacrificing the location-based functionality they need. Basic battery-minimizing tactics include leveraging signal strength and other sensor information to determine when a device is stationary, helping to limit unnecessary location requests. More complex approaches include calculating the approximate distance to an area of interest to adjust the frequency of location requests, caching data locally to limit network transmission costs, or manually adjusting the appropriate location manager(s) (and thus hardware) based on a given use case.  Balancing Power Consumption, Location Accuracy The best location services combine many different techniques to provide the appropriate level of precision and power consumption for the use case. Whatever the use may be, being clear about what the app needs to accomplish at a given moment should drive location providers to give the best functionality for battery efficiency. Location services are becoming essential to both consumers and app publishers, and these myths should not stop users from turning location services on. With this data, apps become much more useful, as they can utilize location to send out reminders, share deals or pull up relevant app features. In addition, app publishers need to ensure that they are pushing relevant and targeted information to users so they better understand the value location adds to their experience. Title image by Clem Onojeghuo About the Author As VP of Product at Skyhook Mobile, David is responsible for designing innovative location technology products as well as product strategies. Before Skyhook, David formed and led all of Catalina Marketing’s mobile efforts, focusing on monetizing one of the world’s largest datasets of consumer purchase history. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light 10 Social Media Tactics for B2B Marketers Design Through Customer Use Phil Fernandez Out at Marketo, Marc Andreessen Joins Dialpad Board, More News Microsoft Takes a Swipe at Salesforce with Dynamics 365 Release Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags customer experience, digital marketing, location based marketing, david bairstow, mobility   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light view comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret view comments 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Email to a friend Your email address Your friend's address Subject Body Check out this article U.S. 'Divorce Agreement' Letter. http://www.snopes.com/u-s-divorce-agreement-letter/ Sent via snopes.com Send What's New Fact Checks News Hot 25 Newsletter Archive Glossary Contact Message Board FAQ Random Autos Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Entertainment Fake News Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Humor Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Luck Media Matters Medical Military Old Wives' Tales Politics Quotes Racial Rumors Religion Risquè Business Science September 11 Sports Technology Travel Viral Phenomena Weddings Submit A Rumor Go Go Home Fact Check Politics Soapbox U.S. 'Divorce Agreement' Letter Dear John A letter that has been passed around since at least 2009 has questionable origins. Arturo Garcia Oct 03, 2016 Share - - Claim: A law student named John J. Wall penned a "divorce letter" to the U.S. UNPROVEN Example: [Collected via Facebook, October 2016] Dear American liberals, leftists, social progressives, socialists, Marxists, Obama supporters, et al: We have stuck together since the late 1950's, but the whole of this latest election process has made me realize that I want a divorce. I know we tolerated each other for many years for the sake of future generations, but sadly, this relationship has run its course. Our two ideological sides of America cannot and will not ever agree on what is right, so let's just end it on friendly terms. We can smile, slate it up to irreconcilable differences, and go on our own ways. Here is a model dissolution agreement: Our two groups can equitably divide up the country by landmass each taking a portion. That will be the difficult part, but I am sure our two sides can come to a friendly agreement. After that it should be relatively easy! Our respective representatives can effortlessly divide other assets since both sides have such distinct and disparate tastes. We don't like redistributive taxes so you can keep them. You are welcome to the liberal judges and the ACLU. Since you hate guns and war, we'll take our firearms, the cops, the NRA and the military. You can keep Oprah, Michael Moore, and Rosie O'Donnell. We'll keep the capitalism, greedy corporations, pharmaceutical companies, Wal-Mart, and Wall Street. You can have your beloved homeless, homeboys, hippies, and illegal aliens. We'll keep the hot Alaskan hockey moms, greedy CEO's, and rednecks. We'll keep the Bibles and give you NBC and Hollywood . You can make nice with Iran , Palestine , and France and we'll retain the right t o invade and hammer places that threaten us. You can have the peaceniks and war protestors. When our allies or way of life are under assault, we'll provide them job security. We'll keep our Judeo-Christian Values. You are welcome to Islam, Scientology, Humanism, and Shirley McClain. You can have the U.N. But we will no longer be paying the bill. We'll keep the SUV's, pickup trucks, and oversized luxury cars. You can take every Subaru station wagon you can find. You can give everyone healthcare, if you can find any practicing doctors (that is practicing, Howard Dean) who will follow to your turf (sic). We'll continue to believe healthcare is a luxury and not a right. We'll keep The Battle Hymn of the Republic and The National Anthem. I'm sure you'll be happy to substitute Imagine, I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing, Kum Ba Ya or We Are the World. We'll practice trickle down economics and you can give trickle up poverty its best shot. Since it often so offends you we'll keep our History, our Name, and our Flag. Would you agree to this? If so please pass it along to other likeminded patriots and if you do not agree just hit delete and hang on. In the spirit of friendly parting, I'll bet you ANWAR on who will need whose help in 15 years. Sincerely, John J. Wall Law Student and an American P.S. Please take Barbra Streisand too. Origin:In February 2009, a "Minuteman message board" operated by the right-wing website Renew America published what it called a "Letter from a Law Student" proposing a "model dissolution agreement" between — as it said — "American liberals, leftists, social progressives, socialists, Marxists, Obama supporters" and the rest of the country. The "agreement" was also partially reposted at the Patriot Action Network, dated 30 November 1999 (which, of course, predates President Barack Obama's election by nine years). There is also a version posted on Scribd calling Wall's proposal a "separation proposal letter." A month after its 2009 appearance, conservative radio host Neal Boortz featured Wall's letter on his web site, but the end of the op-ed was changed to: "You can also have Barbara Streisand and Jane Fonda." The letter has also generated attention from liberal websites: In June 2009, Democratic Underground featured it in a thread, calling it a "piece of shit."  A year later, liberal blogger Rich Merritt posted what he called a "Patriotic Rebuttal" to the piece, which reads in part: Listen, you are the one who married up, my dear. We are California, the Pacific Northwest, Hawai’i, most of the Midwest, Florida, the Mid-Atlantic and New England. Without us you are Mexico’s ugly step-sister to the north. Most of what we’ve done over the course of our 234-year marriage has been with your best interests in mind even when you literally rebelled. You tried to divorce us once before but we fought you and won. Why? Because despite all your many flaws, we still love you and want you to be better than you are.  In 2011, the letter reappeared, this time with even more added to the "P.S." section: P.S.: Also, please take Ted Turner, Sean Penn, Martin Sheen, Barbra Steisand, and Jane Fonda with you. P.S.S.: And you won't have to "Press 1 for English" when you call our country. Forward this every time you get it! Let's keep this going; maybe some of it will start sinking in! If you can't stand behind our Military, Please feel free to stand in front of them! In the years since, the op-ed has been circulated via message boards, e-mail, and in other nooks and crannies on the Internet (it surfaced on Reddit in June 2013), but no version of the piece has never been definitively tied to a law student named John J. Wall — or any other identifiable person. Originally published: 03 October 2016 Featured Image: U.S. Army Tags: divorce e-mail forwards e-mails Feedback Facebook - Twitter @ Email Fact Check George H.W. Bush Death Hoax Has former President George H.W. Bush died of food poisoning? Fact Check FALSE: Sarah Palin Claims Jesus Celebrated Easter Fake news reports Sarah Palin claimed in an interview that ... Fact Check Bel Air Mansion Photographs show a mansion belonging to Filipino senator Manny ... News Jason Brezler vs. Hillary Clinton An Internet meme makes the case that a U.S. Marine faced ... Fact Check Did Canada 'Ban Beyonce' Over Her Super Bowl Performance? Singer Beyonce has not been banned from entering or performing ... Fact Check Bar None Rumor: A CD with barcode cover art confused store's scanners. Copy the article link Send us your feedback Thank you for writing to us! Although we receive hundreds of e-mails every day, we really and truly read them all, and your comments, suggestions, and questions are most welcome. Unfortunately, we can manage to answer only a small fraction of our incoming mail. Our site covers many of the items currently being plopped into inboxes everywhere, so if you were writing to ask us about something you just received, our search engine can probably help you find the very article you want. Choose a few key words from the item you're looking for and click here to go to the search engine. (Searching on whole phrases will often fail to produce matches because the text of many items is quite variable, so picking out one or two key words is the best strategy.) We do reserve the right to use non-confidential material sent to us via this form on our site, but only after it has been stripped of any information that might identify the sender or any other individuals not party to this communication. Your Email Your Message Send Send us a rumor Go Follow snopes on Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Get Snopes in your inbox Go We will never send you spam or share your email with nigerian royalty. The Hot List Final Vote Count 2016 All the ballots haven't been counted yet, but it looks like … 28K Smells Like Mean Spirit A viral image suggests that the late Nirvana singer Kurt Cobain … 36K Anti-Trump Protesters Block Ambulance; Father of 4-Year-Old Girl Dies The trope of derided protesters uncaringly killing an innocent … 49K The Electoral College and the Popular Vote It's theoretically possible that the Electoral College could … 10K Wee the People Donald Trump did not say that Republicans are the "dumbest group … 300K Ask. Chat. Poke. Snopes Official Facebook Group What's New Liberal College Millennials Are Less Biologically Fit Than 'Real Americans'? 8 hours ago Did the Communist Party of the USA Endorse Hillary Clinton? 13 hours ago Georgia Law Would Ban Muslim Women From Wearing Head Coverings? 13 hours ago Trump to Repurpose USS Enterprise Into Floating Hotel and Casino 13 hours ago Celebrity Cruise Lines Attacks Trump and His Supporters in New Ad? 13 hours ago Like Us On Facebook Follow Us Twitter Official snopes RSS Feed Shoot Us An Email What’s New About Us Press Privacy Policy Glossary FAQ Contact Us Careers Advertise Switch To Desktop Version Urban Legends Reference Pages © 1995-2016 by snopes.com This material may not be reproduced without permission. Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Go What's New Fact Checks News Hot 25 Newsletter Archive Glossary Contact Message Board FAQ Random Autos Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Entertainment Fake News Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Humor Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Luck Media Matters Medical Military Old Wives' Tales Politics Quotes Racial Rumors Religion Risquè Business Science September 11 Sports Technology Travel Viral Phenomena Weddings
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Full Story Email share share tweet email NEWS Police: Suspects in NJ go on candy bar, Gatorade binge using fraudulent gift cards Email share share tweet email none (New Jersey State Police/Facebook) WABC Eyewitness News Monday, October 03, 2016 HOWELL, New Jersey (WABC) -- Police in New Jersey are searching for two suspects who had an apparent sweet tooth. Officials say on Friday, the two men purchased several store gift cards at a Howell Walmart worth $1,200 using stolen identities. Then, the men used those same gift cards numerous times at the same store to purchase candy bars and Gatorade. After leaving the Walmart, police say they then used another fraudulent card at a Howell Chic-Fil-A. Anyone with information on the suspects is asked to contact New Jersey State Police at 609-584-5000 Related Topics: newsidentity theftwalmartFreehold Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WABC-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Trump Offers Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Position Man likely 'dissolved' in Yellowstone hot spring, report says Trump Taps Flynn for National Security Adviser 2 arraigned overnight in connection with murder of Conn. man Trump Names Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo His Pick for CIA Director More News Top Stories Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions 2 arraigned overnight in connection with murder of Conn. man Child, 2 adults injured in smoky fire in Flushing What's really on those ATM pads? 1 suspect in UES murder changed name, has arrest record Trump meetings signal focus on national security Man likely 'dissolved' in Yellowstone hot spring, report says Show More Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party Jury rejects lawsuit in fatal shooting of black man Exclusive: Slain NYPD detective's father questions son's care Exclusive: Man speaks out about bus stop beating in Brooklyn Franciscan Sisters in Peekskill need new boilers for convent More News Photos Photos: Inside Rolling Stones 'Exhibitionism' exhibit The 2017 NYC Taxi Drivers Calendar will hail your hearts Photos: NYPD investigates UES apartment in search for missing man PHOTOS: Angry about Trump win, protesters take to city streets More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
null

NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Men bought $1K in candy, Gatorade with fraudulently-obtained gift cards, cops say Print Email Alex Napoliello | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Alex Napoliello | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 03, 2016 at 2:08 PM comments Do you recognize these two men? The New Jersey State Police want to hear from you if you do. (Courtesy of NJSP) HOWELL — Police are asking the public to help them identify two suspects who allegedly purchased more than $1,000 worth of candy bars, Gatorade and fast food with gift cards bought with stolen identities. The New Jersey State Police said on its Facebook page that the two men purchased several store gift cards on Friday at the Wal-Mart on Route 9 in Howell using stolen identities and then went on a shopping spree with the cards. The men bought candy bars and Gatorade at the Wal-Mart before making more purchases at the Chic-fil-A, also on Route 9 in Howell, police said. In all, the men made purchases totaling $1,200, police said. "The suspects pictured here allegedly used eight different stolen identities to purchase gift cards valued at $150," police said in the Facebook post. State Police asked that anyone with information call Trooper Ashley at the Hamilton station. His phone number is 609-584-5000 ext. 5267. Anonymous tips are welcome, police said.  Alex Napoliello may be reached at anapoliello@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @alexnapoNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
skip to main content NPR News in Milwaukee Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Environment Education Election Precious Lives Bubbler Talk Project Milwaukee Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Menu Home News Environment Education Election Precious Lives Bubbler Talk Project Milwaukee Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search By Making Groceries Mobile, Milwaukeeans Hope To Bring Food -- And Jobs -- To Residents By LaToya Dennis • Oct 3, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Jay Holmes (left), Naurice Fitzgerald (middle) and another founder of Market Boxx Community Stores hope to launch the first in a matter of weeks LaToya Dennis Listen Listening... / 4:50 Access to fresh food is limited in some Milwaukee neighborhoods without full-service grocery stores. Now, a few residents have come up with a plan they call Market Boxx. It would not only bring fresh produce to more people, but also create entrepreneurs, starting in the Sherman Park neighborhood. The project has gotten new energy, since the police killing there of Sylville Smith and the subsequent protests. Naurice Fitzgerald never thought he’d find himself laying a vinyl floor. But on the day we met, that’s exactly what he was doing. The 21-year old is part of a team building a Market Boxx Community store. Naurice Fitzgerald says he sees himself owning several Market Boxx Community Stores in the future Credit LaToya Dennis Picture a small shed on wheels with windows and vinyl siding. Inside there’s not much space to move around, but when it’s done, the small mobile store will sell deli items along with fresh fruit and vegetables. Right now, Fitzgerald says he has a new level of respect for people in the building trades. “It’s easier said and done with a blueprint, you wouldn’t think that. But once you get to doing it yourself, it’s way harder,” he says. Market Boxx Community Stores have been in the works for years, but Fitzgerald is new to the team. “I want to be able to say I helped build this and I had a part in this because it’s going to go somewhere,” he says. Now before we go any further, I should offer up the back story on Fitzgerald. After talking with him for a while, he mentioned that he was good friends with Sylville Smith, the black man a Milwaukee officer shot and killed in August, sparking two days of unrest. It happened less than a half mile from here. “I was really close to him. I was with him the day before he got killed and the day before that because it was my birthday,” Fitzgerald says. Fitzgerald had also been looking for work, but couldn’t find it. “Like just all types of jobs. Temp services, Walmart, pizza places, all types of places but you know, sometimes they don’t call back. Even when they say they hiring so bad, they still don’t call back,” he says. But since his friend died, Fitzgerald says he’s been taking a more active role in his life starting with Market Boxx. “When I came into this and just started putting my all into it, I see progress in it, and I see like I can build something like this and then from it and experience it and end up owing my own, in a couple months probably. It’s a lot of [independence] and it’s worth it,” he says. Jay Holmes is one of the founders of Market Boxx Community Stores. “Entrepreneurs aren’t limited by anything but their own talent and tenacity. Even at the best job, there tends to be these glass ceilings,” he says. Holmes is helping build this facility, while teaching the others. "We want to catch our young adults at that age and give them a chance to do anything." “We have designs and blue prints for carts in different businesses that we need in our community. And we work with community organizations and entrepreneurs to build those carts. Some will qualify for grants, some will have the skill to build their own cart. We help facilitate that and we connect you with your suppliers, and that’s how Market Boxx works,” he says. Holmes and Fitzgerald met while out protesting Sylville Smith’s death. Holmes says he’s been targeting adults between the ages of 18 and 24 to help build the first small store and teach them about business ownership. “It’s an age where most people still understand that they can do anything. And we want to catch our young adults at that age and give them a chance to do anything,” Holmes says. Holmes says Market Boxx is about building all-around stronger and healthier communities. “People need better access to fresh affordable food and because we can focus the communities earning power and dollars into things that help make us healthy and also help create jobs in our own community,” he says. Holmes says that while the team is still working to get its first store up and running, people around the city have expressed an interest in bringing Market Boxx to their neighborhoods. For volunteer Naurice Fitzgerald, he says the possibilities have changed the way he sees his life unfolding. “You know, I thought I’d just be working a job, get a family. You know being a solo person, not really talking to people. Now I look at it like I’ll be an aspect in the community like bro helped build something. Or bro really loved black people, he cares, he cares for the community,” Fitzgerald says. Organizers hope to launch the first Market Boxx store in Sherman Park within the next few weeks. Tags:  WUWM News Sherman Park Food TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Adults in Sherman Park Listen to the Neighborhood's Young People About Choas in the Community 2 months ago Community Leaders Call on State, City to Invest in Milwaukee's Central City 2 months ago #086 Precious Lives: Programming Sherman Park 2 months ago Milwaukee Public Media is a service of UW-Milwaukee's College of Letters & Science © 2016 WUWM Contact Us Facebook Twitter Contest Rules
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 23 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Identity thieves scammed gift cards State police say they are looking for two men who used stolen identities to scam $1,200 worth of gift cards which they then used to stock up on Gatorade and candy bars. Post to Facebook Identity thieves scammed gift cards State police say they are looking for two men who used stolen identities to scam $1,200 worth of gift cards which they then used to stock up on Gatorade and candy bars.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2dCHaKI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Identity thieves scammed gift cards Alex N. Gecan , @GeeksterTweets 3:09 p.m. EDT October 3, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Kim Kardashian robbed at gunpoint in Paris; NJ moves closer to 23 cent Gas Tax APP NewsBreak Buy Photo NJSP (Photo: file)Buy Photo HOWELL - State police say they are looking for two men who used stolen identities to scam $1,200 worth of gift cards which they then used to stock up on Gatorade and candy bars. The two men used eight different identities to buy eight gift cards, each worth $150, New Jersey State Police posted on Facebook, "before using the very same cards at the very same store to purchase Gatorade and candy bars several different times" on Sept. 29. Post by NewJerseyStatePolice. The two men both appear to be black and in their twenties or thirties. One is taller and heavier-set and the other is shorter with a more athletic build. Both men wear baseball caps in surveillance photos, and the shorter man is wearing eyeglasses. HOWELL: Cops seek woman who harassed teen at Walmart After leaving the store, a Walmart on Route 9 in Howell, the two men moved across the street to pick up some Chik-fil-A, again using a scammed gift card, police said. State police asked that anyone with information on the suspects call their Hamilton Station at 609-584-5000 ext. 5297, and offered to accept anonymous tips. HOWELL PD: Public helped nab fraud suspect Alex N. Gecan: 732-643-4043; agecan@gannettnj.com Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, weather, traffic and more. Search "Asbury Park Press" in your app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app for phone and tablet | iPad app >>>Subscribe (at a great sale price!) for full access. And, 'like' us on Facebook! 23 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2dCHaKI TOP VIDEOS Christie: No reason to believe he will not serve out Governor's term 2:01 NewsBreak: Obama meets with Merkel; Arrest after Oceanport body found 0:55 NewsBreak: Trump's Transition Process; Rahimi indicted in NYC, Seaside Park bombings 0:51 NewsBreak: Missing man's body found in Oceanport 0:55 Manalapan family turns home into food pantry 0:51 Body found in woods behind Oceanport floral shop 0:44 Air Bnb helps Marie Fiorvante pay her bills 1:27 WJLP NewsBreak 0:54 NewsBreak: Minnesota officer charged in the death of Philando Castile; Neptune shooting investigation 0:54 School bus driver killed in Colts Neck crash 0:21 More Stories Court date set for Christie’s appeal Nov. 16, 2016, 9:33 a.m. Rutgers students peacefully join nationwide protest of Trump Nov. 16, 2016, 10:51 p.m. Are you living in rental hell? Nov. 9, 2016, 1:09 p.m. Vigil honors Toms River fire chief's daughter Nov. 17, 2016, 5:51 p.m.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Was Etsy's Artificial Intelligence Acquisition a Smart Move? Does Etsy's artificial intelligence acquisition make sense? It might actually make a great deal of sense, considering what Etsy is trying to accomplish. Nicholas Rossolillo (nrossolillo) Oct 3, 2016 at 12:46PM On Sept. 19, Etsy (NASDAQ:ETSY) announced it had acquired private analytics and AI company Blackbird Technologies to enhance its search capabilities. Since Etsy is an online retailer of rare products and handmade crafts, though, some might question the prudence of its purchase. Details of the transaction Etsy bought Blackbird Technologies for an undisclosed sum of money. What we do know is what the company gets in the exchange: Blackbird's analytics engine that analyzes shoppers' behavior to predict and suggest personalized search results, image recognition and cataloguing to enhance user searches, and spelling correction and predictive type to speed up the search process. In addition to the technology, the techie team at Blackbird will also be joining Etsy, including the two company co-founders. Etsy believes that the team and the technology they have developed will eventually be used in other areas of business outside of search. For example, the AI could be applied to Etsy's seller services program, which at last report accounted for 58% of the online marketplace's revenue. Image source: Etsy. How the deal complements Etsy's strategy Etsy's buyer and seller community has grown to have 40 million unique item listings for sale. On the buyer side, the company says users go to the site to find products that they can't find anywhere else. This unique market gives the online merchant a leg up on competition that competes on lowest price and fastest shipping. The company hopes this personalized and more human approach helps Etsy -- and the sellers who use the service -- stand out from other online sellers like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and traditional retailers like Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). While the Etsy strategy in the past has been helping small craftworkers and vintage collectors connect with consumers, the company has transitioned into making the shopping experience as simple as possible. One of the ways they've done this is by optimizing the site for both desktop and mobile users. They've seen better sale conversion rates as a result. As the company's community has grown, though, searching for that unique item or artist who can make it has become a more daunting task. The marketplace has also expanded beyond the borders of the U.S., making the search that much more cumbersome. This is where the Blackbird AI comes in. For example, during the last conference call before the Blackbird Technology announcement, Etsy CEO Chad Dickerson talked about enhancements around search capabilities to drive growth. These enhancements were aimed at raising awareness of the site as a go-to destination for consumer needs, helping active buyers filter through the millions of unique listings, and encouraging the 53% of buyers who made only one purchase during 2015 to come back to the site again. Viewed in this light, the purchase of Blackbird Technologies makes sense. With Etsy's goal of helping people rethink global commerce and emphasis on selling unique items to help people express their individuality, the artificial intelligence capabilities complement what the boutique vendor is aiming for. Was the purchase worth it? Even though we don't know the specifics on how the buyout was made, Etsy's AI addition looks like it could be worth it. The online marketplace's revenue is up 39% year to date over 2015, totaling $167.2 million. And while the company is not yet profitable, it is nearing that mark, with year-to-date losses slimming down to $6.1 million at last report. Helping a growing base of users search through a massive library of products is a logical step to continued sales and bottom-line growth. Deal specifics unknown, one could still argue that Etsy didn't splurge or try to go too big. Blackbird is a new start-up, with the company's LinkedIn page claiming 11 to 50 employees and only eight employee profiles showing up in search. The ultimate test, though, will be to see if the addition helps the company convert "window shoppers" into new paying customers in the quarters ahead. Given the Etsy strategy, it probably will help. Nicholas Rossolillo has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool owns shares of Etsy. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Nicholas Rossolillo (nrossolillo) Nicholas has been a writer for the Motley Fool since 2015, covering companies in the consumer goods and technology sector. He is also the founder and president of Concinnus Financial, a Registered Investment Advisor based in Spokane, WA. He enjoys the outdoors in all four seasons in the Northwest with his wife and their two rescue dogs. Follow @nrossolillo Article Info Oct 3, 2016 at 12:46PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.72 down $0.47 (-0.68%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $767.45 up $11.05 (1.46%) Etsy NASDAQ:ETSY $12.46 no change (0.00%) Read More Should Slack Be Worth More Than Etsy? Could Etsy Lose This Beneficial Competitive Advantage? 1 Catalyst for Etsy, Inc. Investors to Keep an Eye On Amazon Inc vs. Etsy Inc: Will Goliath Kill David? Why Etsy, Inc. Investors Shouldn't Fear Amazon's Handmade Why Etsy, Inc. Shares Plunged 31% in August Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
About Us Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Briefing Room RSS Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Hog Farmer Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Animal Welfare Business Facilities Health Marketing Nutrition Reproduction Sustainability Advertisement Home > Blogs > National Hog Farmer Blog > Global investors ask Walmart and others to cut meat National Hog Farmer Blog Global investors ask Walmart and others to cut meat Oct 3, 2016 by Cheryl Day in National Hog Farmer Blog RSS EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Increased meat consumption has anti-meat campaigns turning up the heat. Related Media Meat is a matter of taste, not a habit Find your marketing ‘sweet spot’ Members of the modern environmental and animal rights activist movement probably think they are waking up to a bad nightmare on Monday morning as one of its beloved news sources, Treehugger.com, reports that meat-eating is on the rise.  “So much for all those Meatless Mondays. The message that it’s important to cut back on meat is not getting through to Americans, who continue to pound back the pounds of beef, chicken and pork at an exponential rate,” writes senior write Katherine Martinko. This news comes at a time when the anti-meat movement started celebrating the notion that meat consumption was on the decline. As Martinko correctly reports the facts from Rabobank Food and Agribusiness research team, the news is not surprising to anyone in the meat or poultry industry and it’s perhaps little stale. Rabobank’s report only confirms what the pork industry already knows — consumers did not lose their appetite for meat. They just did not have the disposable income to enjoy it in larger quantities. Still, it is hard to ignore the furied work of anti-meat campaigns in wake of the Rabobank report that was released back in July. The report certainly made an impact. Last week, a group of 40 global investors — managing $1.25 trillion in assets — sent a letter to 16 global food companies. The Farm Animal Investment Risk & Return Initiative is urging companies like Kraft Heinz, Nestle, Unilever, Tesco, Walmart and General Mills to change the way they source protein for their products to help to reduce environmental and health risks. The letter was prompted by the recently released University of Oxford study suggesting that if unaddressed, the public health and environmental expenses associated with the increased demand for animal products could be up to $1.6 trillion globally by 2050. So, just exactly how does FAIRR want these companies to source protein products differently? Straight from FAIRR: The call for sustainable protein supply chains is not a demand for ruling out animal products entirely, though some companies and consumers will identify that as the commitment they want to make. From a health and sustainability perspective, a varied diet that includes some animal products should mean: ♦ Diversifying the range of protein on offer and prioritizing choices that have less impact on health, land, water and the climate: for example, opting for sustainably sourced fish or poultry instead of beef, or beans instead of pork. ♦ Moving away from meat and dairy as the dominant ingredient in every menu option to instead making them an occasional complement to a meal. ♦ Selecting lean cuts for meals that do feature meat, and reducing or eliminating the use of red and processed meat (such as bacon, ham and sausages). ♦ Sourcing food that meets a credible certified standard — like Animal Welfare Approved or the Global Animal Partnership for high-welfare methods of farming in the United States, the Marine Stewardship Council certification for sustainable fish, the Soil Association for organic certification in the United Kingdom. ♦ Producing and procuring appealing and accessible alternatives to meat based on plant proteins and new food tech innovations In my opinion, those options sound like a loud cry to end the consumption of animal products — red meat, dairy, eggs and poultry based on an Oxford study that is highly debated in itself. Even mainstream media quickly grabbed onto the news that a group of investors are asking food companies to sell less meat — switch protein in products to plant-based products. Despite your buy-in to the Oxford study, have we lost focus of freedom of food choices, the important nutritional value animal-based protein and the accurate science on the true environmental footprint of animal agriculture? Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Cheryl Day's blog Log In or Register to post comments EMAIL Print What Massachusetts ballot initiative means to real pig farming Welcome to 'Pork-tober' Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles The Other White Meat trademark worth more than purchase price NPPC demands USDA to defend ‘Other White Meat’ sale China joining the eat less meat circus? NPPC now party to Other White Meat lawsuit 7 Pork Month messages to digest What's National Hog Farmer Blog? Thoughts about the pork industry this week. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Blog Archive Advertisement Advertisement NationalHogFarmer.com Animal Well-Being Business Environment Facilities Health Marketing Nutrition Reproduction Resources Site Features Media Center Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search NationalHogFarmer.com Search: National Hog Farmer Related Penton Websites Delta Farm Press Western Farm Press Southeast Farm Press Southwest Farm Press Farm Industry News Corn+Soybean Digest Beef Magazine Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai John Oliver Takes on Donald Trump's Treatment of Alicia Machado The Hollywood ReporterOctober 3, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share John Oliver devoted a few minutes of Sunday's Last Week Tonight to criticizing Donald Trump for his behavior in the wake of Monday's presidential debate, discussing how Trump was using online surveys to determine he won the debate against Hillary Clinton and highlighting his treatment of former Miss Universe Alicia Machado. Oliver said that Trump really displayed his "winning temperament" by insisting he won when he didn't. "The clear problem with online polls is that you can vote anonymously as many times as you want," said the Last Week Tonight host. He pointed out that it's how "Boaty McBoatface" won in a British "Name Our Ship" poll and how Pitbull ended up performing at an Alaskan Walmart. "Yet, Trump kept citing these nonsense polls," Oliver added. The host then turned to Trump's treatment of Machado, who he has continued to attack since Clinton brought her up at the debate. He characterized the flurry of tweets Trump sent early Friday morning, including calling for people to look at an alleged sex tape of Machado's, as an "online meltdown." "That is a candidate for President of the United States urging America to check out a sex tape," said Oliver. Read more: Donald Trump Goes on Twitter Rant Against Alicia Machado: "Check Out Sex Tape" "Just do me a favor, look up into the sky right now. Higher, no, higher still. Do you see that? Way up there? Way up above the clouds? That's rock bottom. And we are currently way down here," he said. Oliver then aired old footage of Trump and Machado doing an interview at the end of her reign, in which Trump asked people to vote on an online poll on whether a beauty pageant winner should be required to stay the same weight. "It seems you have a choice," said Oliver, addressing Trump. "Either admit unscientific polling is bullshit or that your views on women's bodies are horrifying." Read more: Emmys: 11 of John Oliver's Most Memorable Donald Trump Insults Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next This is why people are so empowered by Hillary Clinton’s appearance at her first post-election speech Hello Giggles Obama on anti-Trump protesters: 'I wouldn't advise them to be silent' International Business Times UK Katie Holmes just posted an Instagram of Suri Cruise, and she looks JUST like her mom Hello Giggles What You Need to Know About Jared Kushner Town & Country Bucs' Mike Evans made 'mistake' when trying to vote Sporting News Fitness Blogger Lets Her Belly Rolls Show, to the Delight of Fans Yahoo Beauty Insomniac Theater: 'Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them' and 'Manchester By The Sea' ABC News Videos Baltimore teacher fired after racist rant at students Yahoo News Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff ‘Walking Dead’ Fan Theory: Daryl Used Morse Code to Signal Rick The Wrap Friday Rewind: Election Protests ABC News Videos Brian Austin Green Posts Adorable Photos of His Three Boys with Megan Fox Good Morning America Take A Look Inside Donald Trump’s $100 Million Penthouse Yahoo Celebrity Video Trump Transition Watch Yahoo News Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff Princes William and Harry will honor Princess Diana with a special garden at Kensington Palace hello! APNewsBreak: US releases Haitians coming from Mexico The Bob: The importation of these people has nothing to do with compassion and everything to do with new Democrat voters. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 467 President Obama, Re-Assurer in Chief, Stops in Germany, Greece ABC News Videos Kaley Cuoco Makes No Apologies for Her Cosmetic Surgery Procedures Yahoo Beauty ‘This Is Us’ Star Chrissy Metz Talks Contractual Weight Loss: ‘I’m Not Selling Out the Big Girls’ Yahoo Celebrity Michael Flynn, Trump’s reported pick for national security adviser, sat in on intel briefings — while advising foreign clients Yahoo News Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff Duck Dynasty Cancelled at A&E TVLine.com Family's Life with 650-Pound 'Wonder Pig' Turned Insta-Star ABC News Videos Panthers beat Saints but lose Luke Kuechly to possible concussion that left him sobbing Shutdown Corner Kanye West Tells Concert Goers He Would Have Voted for Donald Trump, Talks His 2020 Campaign Entertainment Tonight Yellen: I'm not stepping down until my term is done CNBC Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff According to Mandy Moore, Justin Timberlake emotionally scarred her with this comment Hello Giggles How Missing Indiana Man's Family Found him Alive 23 Years Later ABC News Videos Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon’s Divorce Settlement Has Some Unusual Terms Yahoo Celebrity Heartwarming Video Shows Polar Bear Petting Eskimo Dog in Canada Good Morning America Body of Connecticut Man who Vanished After Attending a NYC Party, Discovered in Shallow Grave People Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Is Target The King Of Online Retail? Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 03, 2016 12:29pm   Comments Share: Related TGT McDonald's, Target, PayPal: Fast Money Picks For November 18 Here's Every Rating And Price Target On Target After Q3 Earnings The Vetr community has upgraded $TGT to 3-Stars. (Vetr) Related WMT 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble Delta, American Airlines Are Buys; Saleforce.com PT Hiked (Investor's Business Daily) CNBC's Courtney Reagan conducted a test involving Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT). Regan placed an order at all three retailers for an identical set of eight different goods. Among the products ordered included diapers, toilet paper, pillow cases and other basic household goods. All the orders were shipped through a standard delivery method and no special or tiered membership (such as Amazon Prime) was used. The orders were then shipped to four different cities across the US, including Dayton, Ohio; Rockville, Maryland; Lincoln, Nebraska and San Francisco, California. Speed The first criteria observed as speed of delivery. In this case, Target was the "clear winner" having delivered nearly half of all items by day two. By day seven, Target had delivered 100 percent of the items compared to Amazon and Wal-Mart who lagged behind at just 75 percent. Related Link: Amazon Is Taking Over The Market, One Sector At A Time Cost The second criteria being evaluated was cost, excluding taxes which varies by state. Wal-Mart was the "clear winner" as its orders were the least expensive in all four cities and came with free shipping since each order was more than $50. Accuracy Third criteria was accuracy and Target came ahead over its other peers yet again. There were zero mistakes in any of the orders placed with Target while orders placed elsewhere were delivered with errors. Finally, Walmart took the top spot in communication and tracking from order placement through delivery. Wal-Mart's email confirmation and delivery notice was the "clearest" and easiest to read. Bottom line, Reagan ranked Amazon third, Wal-Mart second and Target first although "by a hair." Posted-In: Courtney Reagan Online Commerce Online Shipping Target Online Sales Walmart Online SalesCNBC Media Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + TGT) McDonald's, Target, PayPal: Fast Money Picks For November 18 Here's Every Rating And Price Target On Target After Q3 Earnings Chowdhry: Cisco Is Just Another Victim Of Amazon's Superclouds Who Reigns Supreme In Big Box Same-Store Sales? Comparing The Competition In Home Services: HomeAdvisor, Amazon Home Services And Angie's List Amazon's AWS Is 10 Years Old: A Look Backward And Forward View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on TGT Trending Recent 1 CBDS, THCBF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DRYS, GLBS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In Sh... 3 TSO, PLNT: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 DRYS, ESEA: What Is The Baltic Dry Shipping Index An... 5 MBLY, TSLA: Mobileye Could Collapse By Nex... 6 GLBS, EGLE: DryShips Announces O... 7 DSX, TOPS: Dry Bulk Sh... 1 SAP, CRM: Salesforce's Inflection Point: Could It Become The Business Standard? 2 GPS: Headwinds For Gap Outnumber Tailwinds; Citi Downgrades To Sell 3 MTCH, CSCO: Benzinga's Top Initiations 4 SPY, XLF: Pro: Markets Should Take A Step Back 5 USO: Technical Alert: Crude Oil Futures Slightly Higher 6 SPY, INDU: Technical Alert: S&P 500 Index Futu... 7 SAVE, ALK: Citi's Neutral-To-Bullish... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Balanced Risk/Reward Setting Up For Global Payments Ahead Of Q1 Earnings Skepticism Surrounding National Amusements' Request For A CBS-Viacom Merger
Home Subscriptions Advertise Classified Events About Contact Login November 18, 2016 Upper Rogue Independent Serving Eagle Point, White City, Shady Cove, Prospect, Trail & Butte Falls Breaking News Klamath commissioners hold town hall on… The Klamath County Board of Commissioners has scheduled a public hearing on the proposed expansion of the Cascade-Siskiyou … [Read More...] Letters October 3, 2016 by Upper Rogue Independent To the Editor: As a volunteer at the Southern Oregon Historical Society Research Library, I see the wide variety of uses made of the archives there: from authors researching new books, like the Lithia Park Story, to BLM historians mapping pollution sites; from a family discovering an ancestor’s diary, to local businesses decorating with old photos; from a resident learning their home is a Frank Clark design, to a couple finding all their wedding photo negatives when their copies had been lost in a fire; from the newspaper answering  “Since You Asked” questions to producing television shows like OPB’s Great Train Hold-Up; from a graduate student mining thesis material on Braceros in the Fruit Grower’s League papers, to a Windows in Time speaker getting Ashland spiritualist, Susie Jessel, photos. Help keep these and other archives open for all—vote yes on 15-164 for a Heritage District to Support Local History…its worth it! Alice Mullaly Central Point Oregon     To the Editor: The Eagle Point Parks Foundation applauds the following sponsors and donors who contributed to the grand opening event and fundraiser at Lucas Park.  Their help and contributions enable the City of Eagle Point to enhance and grow our parks and recreation system and improve our quality of life.  Thanks to: Ford Family Foundation, Carpenter Foundation, Pacific Power, People’s Bank of Commerce, Eagle Point Hardware, Wal-Mart (eagle Point), State Farm Insurance, HGC Construction, Sundance Signs, Lori Magel Homes, Mayor bob Russell & City Council, Upper Rogue Independent, E. P. Parks Commission, Paradux Media (Mike Frey), E. P. Women’s Club, City of E. P. Employees. Auction Items Donors: Margaret Bradburn, Eagle Point Golf Club, Wal-Mart Eagle Point, Oregon Shakespeare Festival, Freel Ranch Quary, LaBrasseur Vineyard, Dennis & Diane Mihocko, HGC Construction, B & B Market Baskets, Tavern on Krsue, Wildlife Safari, Xanterra Parks & Resorts, Family Fun Center, Abby’s Pizza Eagle Point, Ski Ashland, Abby’s Pizza White City. Gratefully, The Eagle Point Parks Foundation.   To the editor: We have an unusual situation which created a unique opportunity in the fall election.  The retiring state senator in District 28 conspired with his chosen successor in the primary to assure no Republican contender would be on the ballot.  The ethics of this maneuver have been widely questioned.  Fortunately, a long-time community leader stepped up and secured the Democratic write-in, though he is not a Democrat.  Todd Kepple is a registered Republican.  He is a conservative with a history of articulating his principles and still building consensus among antagonists.  Don’t be fooled when he is identified with a D on your ballot.  Please join me in sending the better Republican to Salem, Todd Kepple, for  Senate District 28.   Neal Eberlein Klamath Falls   To the Editor:   Recently, several letters to the editor have portrayed the extreme political devotees as somewhat akin to invertebrates beholden to logic that is neither representative of their constituents nor productive in the State Legislature. Over the last two decades, support of this ideology has gained little for citizens of Senate District 28, as well as unremarkable political tenures or sadly blackened legacies for our elected officials. Five regional editorial boards cast dark aspersions on Senator and Representative Whitsett for their election maneuverings that included collusion with political aspirants Dennis Linthicum and E. Werner Reschke. Winston Churchill said, “ If you have character, nothing else matters. If you don’t have character, nothing else matters.” Todd Kepple is a man of character. Let’s send him to Salem. Vote Kepple for Senate District 28.   Todd Kellstrom Mayor, Klamath Falls     Filed Under: letters Trending Now SHERIFF 11-1-16 by Upper Rogue Independent | posted on October 31, 2016 SHERIFF 10-25-16 by Upper Rogue Independent | posted on October 24, 2016 Klamath commissioners hold town hall on monument by Upper Rogue Independent | posted on October 31, 2016 Police report by Upper Rogue Independent | posted on October 24, 2016 state wide ballot measures by Upper Rogue Independent | posted on October 31, 2016 News Sections Online edition News Featured Stories General News Sports Obituaries District 9 Local Links City of Eagle Point City of Shady Cove District 9 Eagle Point Chamber Medford Chamber Contact Us Subscriptions - (541) 826-7700 Front Office - (541) 826-7700 Sales - (541) 826-7700 Graphics - (541) 826-7700 Editor - (541) 826-7700 P.O. Box 900. Eagle Point, OR 97524 151 Linn Road L 11 , Eagle Point, OR 97524 Find us on Facebook Return to top of page © 2016 Upper Rogue Independent • Custom Web Design by Paradux Media Group
Facebook Pinterest Instagram 
    Apartment Therapy
  Search House Tours Apartments Houses Studios International Shop the Style Video Tours Color Search Design Ideas & Inspiration Small Spaces Renters Solutions Design 101 Color Trends Personal Style Lifestyle Wellness Tech Travel Weddings News & Culture Advice Mindful Living DIY Before & After How To Project Ideas Painting Hacks Weekend Projects Plants & Gardening Simple Solutions Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Organizing Decluttering HomeKeeping Shortcuts Natural Solutions Storage Supplies & Tools Remodeling Remodeling Ideas Renovation Diary Kitchen Projects Bathroom Projects Makeovers Buying Guides Exterior & Outdoor Money Real Estate Budget Living Thrifty Tips Shopping 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Marketplace Annual Guides High/Low Decor & Accessories Furniture Fashion & Beauty Gift Guides Videos 5 Fetch Products That Celebrate Mean Girls Day Daily 5 5 Fetch Products That Celebrate Mean Girls Day Tara Bellucci Oct 3, 2016 Books & Media Shopping Resources Home Share Pin It Email Share Email Share Email (Image credit: Paramount Pictures) On October 3rd, Aaron Samuels asked Cady Heron what day it was. And thus, Mean Girls Day was born. The 2004 teen classic written by Tina Fey is chock full of quotable lines that are still grool, even 12 years later. So get in loser, we're going shopping—for Mean Girls merch. (Image credit: Etsy seller thecarboncrusader) Mean Girls pencil set, $8 These pencils are like, really pretty. (Image credit: Funko) Funko POP figures bundle, $34.73 Walmart has a Mean Girls bundle featuring Cady, Regina, Karen and a protective display case. Sorry, you'll have to buy Gretchen separately (I don't think her father, the inventor of Toaster Strudel, would be too pleased with this). (Image credit: Etsy seller Heartificial) She doesn't even go here pin, $6.50 When someone has a lot of feelings, but it is not the time or the place. But a cake full of rainbows and smiles still sounds good. (Image credit: Target) Mean Girls muscle tank, sale $11.99 Target has this Plastics lunch rule on straight size tanks, as well. PSA: October 3, 2018 is a Wednesday, so snag this now or you can't sit with us. (Image credit: Etsy seller Fullcirclewear) Cool Mom tee, $10.55 What's the cool jams? Happy Hour is from 4 to 6. Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, home tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2016 AT Media. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
Exclusive: Cowboys Dez Bryant Blasts ESPN's Schefter, Denies Absenteeism Charge - Full Audio Mike Fisher 10/03/2016 / Originally published onCowboysHQ Exclusive: Cowboys Dez Bryant Blasts ESPN's Schefter, Denies Absenteeism Charge - Full Audio SAN JOSE - Dallas Cowboys receiver Dez Bryant is putting ESPN and reporter Adam Schefter on blast after a weekend report that suggests Bryant is so "irresponsible" that he may have missed 40 meetings during his time with the team. "When I heard that," Bryant said to me in a lengthy one-on-one interview following Sunday's 24-17 Cowboys win at San Francisco, "I was like, 'C'mon, what are you taking about? When I first got here? ... I mean, '40 meetings'? "Certain people in the media want to make me look bad. 'We've got to find something to make him look horrible.' "It's total (BS). ... it's like I'm 'America's Most Hated.'" Bryant didn't play in Sunday's 24-17 win at San Francisco due to a knee injury that he feared at the start of the week was so severe that, out of frustration, he missed a handful of appointments and meetings. (Courtesy of 105.3 The Fan, the full NSFW audio of my visit with Bryant -- again, unfiltered and unedited -- is here.) "I did the wrong thing, and I accepted my punishment (from the team) like a man," he said. (See extensive coverage of Dez' week, featuring more 1-on-1's with him, here.) "This was a poor-ass decision. And I've had my issues before ... But) I'm talking  (about the charge of rampant absenteeism) in general. No. that's not true. ... I give my life to this. I give my heart to this. This is my everything. "I know these younger guys look at me. I like to come to work just because of them. My teammates love me, and I love them. We have fun each and every day. That's what we do." But Bryant does not consider it "fun" to be -- in his view -- targeted this way by media members who do not know or understand him. He made a point to me to note his difficult upbringing and what he's overcome to become an NFL star. It still bothers him that some critics thought the seven-year vet and two-time Pro Bowler would "wash out of the league in three years" and it still bothers him that Schefter is among the media members who insisted in 2014 that there was a violent Wal-Mart parking lot video featuring Bryant.  Schefter actually said "yeah'' when asked if he knew what was shown on the video, a follow-up to Mike Florio triggering the controversy in February 2015 by irresponsibly telling "Shan & RJ'' on 105.3 The Fan that it was "five times worse'' than the horrific Ray Rice video. Here at CowboysHQ.com it came to be known as "The Dez Wal-Mart Unicorn Video" because of the mythically unproven tales about it. Schefter (who we have attempted to reach for comment) is similarly cloudy in this report already being labeled the  "40 missed meetings" story. Schefter seemingly mashes together every time in the last seven years Bryant has missed a team meeting, missed an appointment (such as the MRI he skipped last week) and maybe missed any other scheduled event, while also counting (with the same weight) any time Bryant has allegedly been in attendance but tardy for a meeting, an appointment and an event. The accusation is further muddled by Schefter suggesting that it might be 40 slip-ups ... or an alleged "20 to 40" such occurrences. Bryant, always brutally honest in my dealings with him, denies everything about this volume of numbers. He denies the general allegations. And while Cowboys owner Jerry Jones last night noted that Dez "is a team player ... enough to give him the (five-year, $70-million) contract I gave him'' while conceding that "since the beginning of time, meetings and the timeliness of his meetings have been his No. 1 issues," Bryant does not think what I call "Dez Time" is a headline-worthy issue. "I'm going to stay being true and I'm going to stay being me," Bryant told me. "I give my whole heart to this team. I refuse to let any of the noise really get into my brain. To me, it's just bullshit."   null   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Tilmon signs letter of intent with Illini HD ONLY: WHAT'S NEEDED TO SAVE STRONG'S JOB? Packers Thrilled to Add Michael Kovalev-Ward a classic best on best Lawson Chasing Auburn Sack Record Scout Top Stories Pac-12 football grad rates, first to worstSee the latest Graduation Success Rate for every Pac-12 football program. by Mike Olson Scout5:52 AM Cards beat in all phases at HoustonLouisville's offense managed just 312 total yards in loss at Houston by Michael McCammon Cardinal AuthorityYesterday at 8:59 PM Derek Carr Knew The Texans Were Not an OptionDespite being available to draft, Derek Carr knew the Houston Texans were not an option for him to start his NFL career. by Patrick Starr State of the TexansYesterday at 6:35 PM 3 CFB Records That Could Be BrokenThese CFB Records could be broken by the end of this season. by Jonathan Kahn Scout CFBYesterday at 5:57 PM Week 11: Fantasy Football CentralA hub for all of Week 11's articles and videos by your favorite Fantasy Football experts! by SCOUT Fantasy Staff Scout FantasyYesterday at 11:07 AM Breaking News Tilmon signs letter of intent with IlliniJeremiah Tilmon officially joined John Groce's 2017 class by signing with the Illini on the last day of the early period. by Derek Piper Illini InquirerYesterday at 10:47 AM Vikings near full participation at practiceThe Minnesota Vikings got three key defensive players back at practice on Thursday. by Tim Yotter Viking UpdateYesterday at 10:11 AM Lawson Chasing Auburn Sack Record Auburn redshirt junior Carl Lawson is chasing down Nick Fairley's single-season sack record for the Tigers. by Jason Caldwell Inside The AU TigersYesterday at 10:10 AM Packers Thrilled to Add Michael“Dynamic football player. I love his running style,” McCarthy said. “The one thing I know best about him is just the way he’s able to change direction and explode on the second and… by Bill Huber Packer ReportYesterday at 9:37 AM CFB's Best Assistant Coach RecruitersScout's recruiting team names some of the assistant coaches who have had the most success on the recruiting trail. by Staff Scout FootballYesterday at 8:46 AM Three-and-out: NFL’s best matchups of Week 11Three of the best matchups in the NFL this week include two games with four NFC teams trying to survive the dog days of the season and stay playoff-relevant and an AFC game that… by Tim Yotter Scout NFL NetworkYesterday at 7:39 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2016 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
null
39.0°, FAIR FORECAST SEARCH LOGIN SUBSCRIBE PITTSFIELD, MASS. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 2016 Toggle navigation Main menu News Local news National news World news Community news Education Police logs Calendar New England Lotteries Daniel Pearl Scholarship Sports Local sports Red Sox Yankees Patriots Giants Celtics Bruins Business Business news Real estate news Entertainment The 413 Berkshires Week Berkshires Week calendar Theater reviews Movie reviews The Ultimate Dining Guide Horoscopes TV listings Lifestyles Insights Berkshire lifestyles Health Food & recipes Outdoors Best of the Berkshires Announcements Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Columnists Blogs Obituaries Today's obituaries View all Publications Special sections Book of Homes Berkshire Business News Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Top listings Place an ad Legal Notices Weekly Flyers Tools e-Edition Contact us Subscriber services Newspapers in Education RSS Letter: Dalton Division Road plan is too big, expensive Posted Monday, October 3, 2016 9:36 am The Berkshire Eagle Dalton Div. Road plan is too big and costly To the editor: I have lived on Dalton Division Road for 30 years. My wife and I raised three children living on this road. When we first moved here the street was for the most part a rural country road with a combination of nicely kept homes and farmland. The traffic consisted of a half hour of South County GE commuters in the morning and then again in the late afternoon, other than that there was little traffic. As time marches on and development happens, traffic began to increase , Walmart, Home Depot, BJ'S, Silver Maple Farms all added to the burden of increased traffic for those of us that have our homes on the street. It became more difficult to get out of our driveway so we coped and installed a turnaround off our driveway. As the traffic increased and now our grandchildren come to visit my wife and I had often commented that it would be great to have a sidewalk in front of the house, so when we heard there was a plan in the works to add sidewalks we were intrigued. I attended the public meeting in Dalton anticipating supporting this initiative, but upon arriving I was handed a packet of the proposed conceptual design options and almost fell over. The design options that were presented are driven by federal and state regulations because federal regulations must be followed to receive this "free money." (The grant is still taxpayer money.) We were told that the grant was for $10 million and that the project will likely be between five years and as many as 15 years in the future. We were told that the only cost to Dalton taxpayers would be the cost of the design, $700,000. The conceptual designs would make Dalton Division Road more closely resemble Dalton Avenue than the residential street that it has always been. This is a prime example of what happens when government is driving the bus. Bigger is better. If a sidewalk is needed require it on both sides of the road. Simply ridiculous! Add bicycle lanes in both directions because a tiny portion of the population want to ride their bikes on the road, adding millions of dollars in cost to the project. Ridiculous! To the taxpayers of Dalton, beware, as this project will not cost $10 million it will cost $15 million or more. Will the grant money cover the increased cost? Not likely — the taxpayers will pick up the tab. You are already on the hook for the design cost of $700,000, and mark my words, this will balloon to 1.5 million or more that you will have to pay. This project needs to be scaled back. Rebuild the road, install granite curbing and a sidewalk on one side of the road with several crosswalks, and enforce speed limits. The only solace I will have if this project goes through is that it will be the poor Dalton taxpayers on the hook paying for this equivalent of an $800.00 hammer. James A. Moran, Pittsfield Print Email Tweet TALK TO US If you'd like to leave a comment (or a tip or a question) about this story with the editors, please email us. We also welcome letters to the editor for publication; you can do that by filling out our letters form and submitting it to the newsroom. Local news 2 years behind bars for man who prompted lockdown at BMC in June PITTSFIELD - A lone shot fired in the air last May has landed a city man behind bars for two years. Dylan Ducharme, 21, was sentenced Thursday after pleading to multiple assault and weapons charges stemming from confrontation during which he … A Berkshire Baby Box for your baby to sleep in Beer, bourbon and wine tasting to benefit Dalton CRA reflooring North Adams looks to win $500,000 'makeover' In bid to grow organically, Berkshire Co-op Market looks to its members for expansion plan funding Read more Sports UMass basketball holds off Temple as teams renew rivalry McLaughlin's layup hands MCLA women's basketball first win of season Taconic football team not phased by spotlight of MIAA state semifinal game against Grafton Wahconah football in familiar position ahead of MIAA state semifinal against West Boylston Berkshire County cross-country athletes set for MIAA state championships Read more Trending Lee girl reports suspicious man in car Otis man with history of sex abuse complaints charged with raping 5-year-old girl Guyer out as Pittsfield's maintenance chief Williams students admit to post-election graffiti 3 face weapons charges after alleged shoplifting © , The Berkshire Eagle Contact us Terms of use Privacy policy Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18905.05 0.01%   S&P 500 ▲ 2186.73 -0.02%   Nasdaq ▲ 5336.34 0.04%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 7/32 yield 2.280%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.65 0.51%   Euro ▲ 1.0604 -0.21%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In VW to Slash Up to 30,000 Jobs in Broad Overhaul Chipotle, William Ackman Near Settlement Over the Board Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence Former Executives Accused in Fraud Against Valeant DraftKings and FanDuel Agree to Merge Europe Inc. Is Poised for a Rebound The Numbers For Hotels, Online Reviews Affect the Bottom Line Shipping Tycoon Angelicoussis Expects Trump Bump, Not Trade War South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Abercrombie Profit Tumbles Amid Rebranding Efforts China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.wsj.com/articles/why-a-japanese-e-tailer-requires-workers-to-speak-english-1475460061 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Journal Reports: Leadership Why a Japanese E-Tailer Requires Workers to Speak English Rakuten, looking outside Japan for growth, needs to make itself attractive to foreign job candidates Rakuten CEO Hiroshi Mikitani says, ‘We are talking about suddenly forcing 8,000 Japanese people to study English.’ Photo: Rakuten By Patience Haggin Patience Haggin The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyPatience Haggin @patiencehaggin patience.haggin@wsj.com Oct. 2, 2016 10:01 p.m. ET 8 COMMENTS Rakuten Inc. leads the e-commerce sector in Japan, but that won’t be enough for the future. The Tokyo-based company is the largest e-tailer in Japan; about a quarter of online transactions in the country take place on the site. However, given Japan’s aging population and lackluster economy, Rakuten needs to expand outside Japan, says Hiroshi Mikitani, the company’s co-founder and chief executive. In a bid to become a global tech giant on the scale of Amazon.com Inc. or China’s Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., the company has bought a series of U.S. startups, including shopping-rewards company Ebates, and has invested in others, such as Lyft and Pinterest. But to expand globally, Rakuten will need to internationalize its internal culture. So in 2011, Rakuten instituted English as the company’s official language, requiring all employees to use it in all conversations and written communications. Last year the company opened a sprawling Tokyo headquarters with amenities to rival a large Silicon Valley tech campus. Journal Report Insights from The Experts Read more at WSJ.com/LeadershipReport More in C-Suite Strategies Let Your Superstars Go Inside Netflix’s Global Push The Open Office Gets Less Open Wal-Mart’s E-Grocery Push Wayfair: The Amazon of Furniture? Mr. Mikitani spoke with The Wall Street Journal about changes the company has adopted to make Rakuten more attractive to foreign job candidates. Here are edited excerpts: WSJ: In 2011 you began a process to make English Rakuten’s official language. Why was this important? MR. MIKITANI: The Japanese consumer market is definitely not going to grow exponentially, because of the aging population. To grow, we need to go outside Japan. To do that, we need talented, non-Japanese people, and we need to have a standard of communication, which is spoken English. Therefore, the Japanese staff needs to be able to communicate in English so that we don't alienate non-Japanese speakers. And it is working extremely well. Already, close to 40% of our engineers in Japan are non-Japanese. We are hiring from all over the world. Now our e-commerce team can speak with our Ebates team without any trouble. Five years ago, it was almost impossible. We needed to have a translator. WSJ: What was most difficult about the process? MR. MIKITANI: Well, we are talking about suddenly forcing 8,000 Japanese people to study English. They are not students. Some people are close to the age of 60. But I respect that they worked really, really hard. I didn’t want to have a line running through the company dividing the English speakers from the non-English speakers, saying, here are the people who can do business in Japanese, and here are the people who can do business in English. And this isn't just for Rakuten: If we can successfully implement this, we will be able to influence Japanese society. WSJ: Was there any attrition among employees unable to meet the requirement? MR. MIKITANI: Our vision was to extend our hands and try to help as much as we can. So, to some employees, we said: “OK, you don’t need to work in the morning. You can study English in the morning and start working at noon.” There was a very small fraction of people who couldn’t make it and gave up. WSJ: You’ve said that you want to turn Tokyo into the Silicon Valley of Asia, and you’ve built a headquarters outside the city in the style of a Silicon Valley campus. Why was that important? Previously in C-Suite Strategies Make Pay Transparency Work Dress for Success, Be a Success? The Price Assertive Women Pay Avoid Common Merger Mistakes How Not to Flunk at Failure MR. MIKITANI: I did not really imitate the campus of Google or Facebook. I just wanted to make it very open, and make it really comfortable for our staff to be there and be creative. Of course, I took some ideas from the offices of internet companies over here. Our office is probably more open than any of the offices [of other Japanese internet companies] here, and we try to be as nice to our employees as possible. We built a day-care center, an acupuncture center. We offer breakfast, lunch, dinner free. This is the way to attract people. One thing we did a little bit differently from other internet companies in Japan is we selected a location that isn't too distant from the center of Tokyo, but is still residential, so that our staff can live close by. WSJ: You’ve made investments and acquisitions in companies ranging from Lyft to Pinterest to messaging app Vibercq to news platform Ripple. What guides your strategy? MR. MIKITANI: It’s all about data. Lyft is just one of our investments in ride-sharing. We have a big investment in a company called Cabify, which is the biggest ride-sharing company in most of the Spanish-language countries. And we own part of Go-Jek, which is the biggest ride-sharing company in Indonesia. So it is just not about owning it and operating it. We are trying to form a global coalition of ride-sharing companies. Also, this isn’t really based on our strategic initiatives. This is based on the data we have. We knew how fast Lyft was growing at the time through our various data intelligence, and now we are thinking about using data to expand our business. Ms. Haggin is a Wall Street Journal reporter in San Francisco. She can be reached at patience.haggin@wsj.com. Corrections & Amplifications: Rakuten’s portfolio companies include news startup Ripple.co, not payments system Ripple Technologies, as an earlier version of this article incorrectly stated. (Oct. 3, 2016) Why the Best Leaders Want Their Superstar Employees to Leave When top performers go on to better things, the departures usually hasten the flow of more top talent into a company. Click to Read Story How Your Body Language Can Tell People You’re a Leader Nonverbal communication from executives can speak volumes to employees and others. Click to Read Story Wayfair: The Amazon of Furniture? CEO Niraj Shah says changing demographics will help the company succeed at selling furniture online. Click to Read Story Advertisement Raytheon Pivots to Commercial Cybersecurity CEO Tom Kennedy explains why he thinks the defense contractor has an edge in the that market. Click to Read Story Home Depot Thrives in a Non-Big-Box World CFO Carol Tomé says the home-improvement chain is adapting to online challenges. Click to Read Story The Art of the Office Conversation A few simple rules can help us all get more out of workplace chats. Click to Read Story Advertisement C-Suite Strategies Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (8) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes LA Auto Show: Five Things to Watch Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles U.S. Prosecutors Charge Former Valeant, Philidor Executives Yellen Says Rate Rise Could Come ‘Relatively Soon’ as Data Point to Stronger Economy Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
