Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 March 2017 by Military News March EPD on the Beat – Notable Patrol Incidents Prohibited Noise/Criminal Mischief – March 31, at approximately 1:05 a.m., police responded to an apartment on the 700 block of E. 16th Ave regarding a dispute. When police arrived, they heard loud voices at the location and contacted the suspect William Revel Freeman, age 34, who lives at the location. During contact with Freeman, he directed himself toward the patrol vehicle and spit on it. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Prohibited Noise and Criminal Mischief in the Second Degree. Case number  16-05086 Theft 1 – March 30, at approximately 8:27 p.m., police responded to Lok Yaun restaurant at 2360 W. 11th Ave regarding a theft. When police arrived, they received information that the suspect, Martin Lee Nelms, age 36, of Eugene, entered the restaurant, and stole an envelope containing cash from an area near the register and proceeded to run out the front door. Two employees then chased after Nelms, who fell off his bike as he was trying to get away and dropped the envelope. The employees continued to follow Nelms as he ran east from the restaurant and eventually caught up and detained Nelms with the help of bystanders until police arrived. Police contacted Nelms and arrested him for Theft in the First Degree. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-05080 Robbery 2 – March 30, at approximately 7 p.m., police responded to the Bruns Apple Market on W. 6th Avenue regarding a shoplifter that was pepper sprayed. When police arrived, they contacted the involved subjects and received information that the suspect, William Lewis Walen, age 36, of Eugene, was contacted by an employee after he was observed concealing items on his person, and subsequently lunged at the employee and was peppered sprayed. Walen was contacted by police at the back of the store, where he was rinsing his face. He was arrested for Robbery in the Second Degree and transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-05074 Possession of Heroin/Driving While Suspended – March 29, at approximately 11:33 p.m., police responded to Carl’s Jr., 296 Coburg Rd. regarding a subject slumped over the steering wheel who had been at the location for approximately 40 minutes, and was unresponsive. Police contacted the driver, Brian Kuncewitch, age 29, of Eugene, and received information that he did not have a license and that he was waiting for someone. The officer told Kuncewitch not to drive, and contacted him a short time later after observing him drive through the Oakway Center without headlights on. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Possession of Heroin, Driving While Suspended and a warrant for arrest.  Case number 16-05036 Criminal Trespass – March 29, at approximately 6:02 a.m., police responded to a trespass at a residence on the 800 block of W. 4th Avenue, and found a female subject, Keppa Elizabeth Pruett, age 47, of Eugene, asleep on the victim’s couch. Police contacted Pruett, and found that she had six warrants for her arrest. She was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail on the warrants and cited in lieu of custody for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree.  16-04989 Public Indecency – March 29, at approximately 8:22 p.m., police responded to the Walmart on W. 11th regarding a male trespasser who exposed himself to customers. Police located the suspect, Lonnie Duane King, age 45, of Eugene, behind the southeast corner of the building and contacted him regarding the incident. King was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for multiple warrants and Public Indecency – Felony.  Case number 16-05029 Menacing with a Firearm, Reckless Endangering, UUW, Disorderly Conduct II – Forest Zachariah Laughner, age 23, no address, dropped in to Taylor’s Bar and after he was cut off from service he was asked to leave. When he refused, he was helped out by bar staff. On the front porch, Laughner produced a handgun from his waistband and menaced at least three employees. Laughner fled northbound and the employees followed from a distance. UOPD located Laughner and took him into custody at 11th and Alder. Laughner’s Concealed handgun license was seized. March 29, at 1:14 a.m.  Case Number 16004987 Shoplifter Turns out to be Fugitive From Justice (Idaho) – Employees of Winco, 4275 Barger, called police on March 28 at 7:31 p.m. as they had a shoplifter in custody who had taken some meat. The suspect had taken some meat and when he was confronted outside the store with this, he had pushed past security, but that officer was able to detain him in handcuffs. The suspect provided a name to the arriving EPD officer and produced an LTD bus pass with that name. However, the officer found out he had provided a false name. He was identified as David Payne. The officer took him to jail, where deputies ran his fingerprints. It matched to a David Michael Payne, age 55, who was a fugitive from justice from Idaho. Payne was lodged on the following charges: Fugitive from Justice, Identity Theft, Theft 3, Possession of Burglar’s Tools, False Info to Police.  Theft in the Second Degree – March 28, at approximately 4:45 p.m., police responded to the Duck Store on East 13th Avenue regarding a shoplifter who was being detained by a store employee. Police arrived and received information that the suspect, Justin Morgan Hass, age 34, of Eugene, was observed concealing items on his person and exited the store without attempting to pay for the merchandise. Police also found that Hass possessed merchandise from Jambo World Crafts on Alder St. and learned that he had been at the location earlier in the day (16-4970). Hass was transported to the Lane County Jail for Theft in the Second Degree.  Case 16-4968 Reckless Burning near River Road – On March 27, at 11:59, an unknown subject started a dumpster fire at Happy Hour Bar, 645 River Road, and then a small garbage fire at Rasor Park. The person then a burned a garbage can in the 400 block of Knoop. EPD continues to investigate.  1604921 Robbery, Assault at Walmart – On March 26 at 5:13 p.m., officers were called to the Walmart at 1040 Green Acres Road regarding a theft suspect, later identified as James Raymond Beason, age 35, of Eugene, who was fighting with loss prevention and management staff. When the officer arrived, he found Beason had just fled the location and was in the area of Norkenzie Road and Holley Avenue. The officers arrived and located Beason, who was out of breath and drinking a beer as he walked through the neighborhood. Beason was compliant when officers contacted him. He was arrested for Robbery in the Third Degree, Assault in the Fourth Degree, and Criminal Mischief in the Third Degree.  1604857 Disorderly Conduct in the Roadway at W. 6th – On March 26 at 9:50 p.m., callers reported a woman, later identified as Rachel Rene Lyager, age 41, of Eugene, in traffic near the intersection of W. 6th Avenue and Blair Boulevard. She was reported to be wandering in traffic and appeared to be attempting to direct traffic with her eyes closed, walking down the center line. There had been other reports during the day of Lyager doing similar things in the area. An officer contacted Lyager on Blair Blvd in front of 7-Eleven and arrested her for Disorderly Conduct.  Disorderly Conduct/Harassment/ Criminal Mischief at Circle K – On March 26 at 1:09 p.m., police responded to Circle K at 296 E. 13th Avenue regarding a patron, later identified as Benjamin Jared Lybbert, age 25, who entered the store, threw a drink on the floor, lobbed a can at a wine display, and then propelled a shopping basket full of food items at wine bottles, breaking some. The employee told him to leave. Lybbert rushed toward him and hit the employee. The employee fell into a store display, then regained his feet and pushed Lybbert away. Other patrons helped get Lybbert out of the store. Lybbert left on foot, but tried to enter another man’s vehicle, and this man also had a physical altercation with Lybbert. Officers located Lybbert and arrested him on charges of Criminal Mischief 2, Disorderly Conduct, Harassment.  1604842 Unlawful Possession of Cocaine/ Warrant Hit and Run – On March 27 at 1:44 a.m., callers reported three males involved in a dispute in the parking lot at 4170 Quest Drive. One was reported to be intoxicated. Officers responded and contacted Nhowahisaac Jene McDonald, age 20, of Elmira. He had a Eugene Municipal warrant for Failure to appear in a Hit and Run case. Officers also found him in possession of cocaine and alcohol. There was also some property from a theft from vehicle that had occurred earlier, nearby. The owner did not wish to press charges. He was arrested for the warrant and Unlawful Possession of Cocaine, and he was cited for Minor in Possession of Alcohol.  Disorderly Conduct in the Roadway on Bell Avenue- On March 26 at 6:29 p.m., officers were dispatched to the 2400 block of Bell Avenue regarding a man who had walked in front of a moving van driven by the 51-year-old male victim, then thrown a beer can in front of the van, and walked toward it. The suspect, later identified as Eric Arthur Curran, age 46, of Eugene, was reported to have been yelling and standing in front of the van before lifting the front of his shirt, as if he had a gun (there was no firearm). A neighbor yelled for Curran to move out of the victim’s way. Curran hit the van’s hood and then moved out of the way. The officer contacted Curran, and arrested him without incident for Disorderly Conduct.  1604861 DUII Crash I-105 – On March 27 at 6:49 p.m., police observed a crash at eastbound I-105 near the Willamette River between a vehicle driven by Sabrina Lynn Ross, age 32, of Eugene, and one driven by a 16-year-old male. Ross was taken to a local hospital with non life-threatening injuries and was cited in lieu of custody for DUII and Careless Driving.  1604914 Crash into Parked Trailer (DUII/Reckless Driving/Possession of Cocaine) – On March 26, at 3:10 a.m., a 2005 Toyota Tacoma driven by Anthony Mitchell Buich, age 23, of Alamo California, hit a parked trailer at W. 5th Aly and Van Buren Street. A local resident was awakened by the crash and responded to try and rouse the driver, who was asleep at the wheel. Officers arrived and found Buich still asleep. They knocked on his window to try and wake him. After a time, he sat up. And subsequent to an investigation, officers charged Buich with Unlawful Possession of Cocaine, DUI, and Reckless Driving.  1604821 DUI at W. 13th and Charnelton– On March 26, at 4 p.m., an officer on routine patrol spotted Chelsea Ann Bair, age 22, of Eugene, in a parking lot at W. 13th and Charnelton. The businesses were not open and Bair was going through the trunk of her Honda Accord. The vehicle was missing a front license plate. When the officer contacted her, he observed signs of impairment and he found that Bair has just been driving. Bair was also in possession of cocaine. After a Drug Recognition Expert investigated, Bair was charged with Unlawful Possession Cocaine and DUII. Her vehicle was impounded. 1604852 DUI/Reckless Driving/ Possession of Methamphetamine on W. 7th – On March 26, an officer spotted a vehicle going the wrong way on W. 7th near Monroe Street. An officer stopped the vehicle, driven by Keith Brian Finkle, age 40, of Eugene. After an investigation, he was charged with DUII, Reckless Driving, and Unlawful Possession of Methamphetamine.  1604823 DUII/ Reckless Driving/Reckless Endangering/Criminal Mischief W. 18th– On March 27 at 5:57 a.m., an officer was dispatched to the 3700 block of W. 18th Avenue regarding a white Toyota pickup truck that had hit a curb, failed to negotiate the turn on 18th Avenue, and then travelled across a lawn, and struck a home. The driver was trying to reverse his vehicle out of the yard. The impact of the crash damaged the exterior of the home and knocked the residents’ TV off the wall. A city-owned sign was also damaged. An officer contacted the driver, David Chapman Novak, age 55, of Eugene, and after investigating, charged him with DUI, Reckless Driving, three counts of Recklessly Endangering, and Criminal Mischief 2.  1604891 DUI/Speed Violation near Chad Drive- On March 26 at 9:36 p.m., a sergeant initiated a stop on a vehicle at 2800 block of Chad Drive for speeding. He watched as the vehicle drove over the concrete curb on the roadway and then stopped in the middle of the Shopko parking lot entrance, blocking access to the business. After an investigation, Darrel Wayne Powell, age 70, of Oakland, Oregon, was arrested for DUI, and cited for Violation of the Designated Speed and Open Container.  DUII (Controlled Substance) W. 11th and Oakpatch – On March 26 at 12:21 a.m., an officer stopped Shari Ann Vowell, age 52, of Eugene for driving without headlights at W. 11th Avenue and Oakpatch. After an investigation, the officer arrested Vowell for DUI (Controlled Substance), and cited her for Driving without Lights.  1604813 DUI/Reckless Driving/Reckless Endangering Echo Hollow Near Royal – On March 27 at 1:05 a.m., an officer stopped a vehicle for speeding and careless driving at Echo Hollow near Royal Avenue. The officer had spotted the vehicle pass another vehicle as it approached his location, then accelerate at a high rate of speed. He caught up to it and when the officer initiated the traffic stop, the vehicle came to a stop on a residence’s gravel landscaping. After investigating, the officer charged Steven Mikel Robinson, age 25, of Junction City, with DUI, Reckless Driving, and Recklessly Endangering, as he had a passenger.  1604883 Rolling Stolen Vehicle – On March 24 at 11:28 a.m., an officer out on patrol spotted a white 2002 VW Eurovan with odd lettering on the rear of it at 11th and Bailey Hill. He checked the license plate and found it was stolen out of Mollala. He followed the vehicle and other officers also arrived. He initiated a traffic stop and with the assistance of the other officers, pulled the vehicle over and took Adam Donald Buehler, age 31, of Woodburn, into custody without incident on charges of Unauthorized Use of Vehicle, Possession of a Stolen Vehicle, DWS, and five warrants.  Case 1604701 Woman Arrested for Prohibited Noise in Apartment – On March 25, at 12:52 a.m., police were advised to respond to a dispute in an apartment at the 2700 block of W. Lone Oak Loop. When officers arrived, they found Heather Anne Essary, age 26, of Eugene. The male involved in the dispute, Aaron James Montoya, age 28, of Springfield, arrived back to the scene. He was detained in handcuffs. During the investigation, officers observed Essary appeared highly intoxicated and she was uncooperative with questions. The investigation also found that Essary’s apartment was the source of disputes, loud music, yelling and other unreasonable noise on an ongoing basis that was disrupting the peace of other residents. Essary was arrested for Prohibited Noise. Montoya was charged with Criminal Trespass in the First Degree  1604744 Vehicle Stop and Methamphetamine Arrest – On March 24 at 10:57 p.m., an officer spotted a Jeep Cherokee at the intersection of River Road and Division Avenue without headlights. He stopped the vehicle and found the driver, Kaleigh Gordon, age 27, of Deadwood, did not have a registration. The plates on the Jeep were not the right ones. The officer impounded the vehicle and conducted a safety check and inventory. While doing so, he found methamphetamine inside a pouch. Gordon was charged with Unlawful Possession of Methamphetamine.  Case 1604740 Man in Van Arrested for Warrant in Target Parking Lot – On March 24 at around 6:43 p.m., police received a call regarding a man who was sitting in the seat of a van at Target, 4575 W. 11th Avenue, and appeared to be intoxicated. There were children in the vehicle with him. The officer arrived and contacted the man, Samuel G. Dillon, age 36, of Junction City. A woman came out of the store and said she’d driven to the store. Both Dillon and the woman had suspended driver’s licenses. Dillon had a confirmed warrant and was taken to jail.  Case 1604733 Interfering with Police Officer, Criminal Trespass, False Info – On March 23 at 5:30 p.m., at 299 W. 10th Avenue and Lincoln Street, an officer investigated a possible bike theft with a suspect, Tyler Lee Endicott (Kyle Mondragon), age 22, of Eugene. The officer was near W. 10th Avenue and Lincoln Street on foot patrol and spotted the Endicott riding a bicycle while pulling another bike next to him and going against traffic as he left the front of the Eugene Public Library. The officer told him to stop as he approached and he continued riding after acknowledging the command. He ignored commands a second time and another officer who was in the area on a motorcycle responded to the area. Endicott was riding his bicycle in a side yard in the 300 block of W. Broadway when the officer tried to stop him and there are no trespassing signs there. The motors officer spotted the suspect at W. Broadway Avenue and Lincoln Street. He activated lights and siren and the man stopped. The first officer arrived on scene and placed Endicott in handcuffs without incident. The officer seized the bicycle (and will follow up to try and find the owner) and bolt cutters and lodged him at the Lane County Jail on charges of Interfering with a Peace Officer, Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree, False Info to a Police Officer, and a warrant. Endicott is currently on probation for Assault on a Public Safety Officer.  Case 1604665 Theft of Services at Bar – On March 24 at 2:13 a.m., officers were called to respond to a trespasser and theft of services that had just occurred at the Blind Pig, 2750 Roosevelt. The suspect had left his driver’s license behind and had a confirmed warrant. He was reported to be walking north on Hwy. 99. According to the bar, the suspect, identified as Rio Redbird Malichi Horn, age 25, of Eugene, had ordered drinks along with a second man, then when it was time to pay, he didn’t have the means to pay it. He became upset, kicked the front door open and left. Officers located Horn and he was lodged for his outstanding warrant and Theft of Services in the Third Degree.  Case 1604689 DUII (Controlled Substance) – On March 23, at 5:31 p.m., an officer spotted a large group of people and bags at the Washington Jefferson Park, southeast of W. 5th Avenue and Jefferson. He entered the park and people scattered. He noted one woman hurried to a bicycle, jumped on it and then took off aggressively. He followed and saw that she was stationary on the west side of Washington Street. However, she suddenly took off on the bike, darting out into traffic. At least one vehicle had to aggressively apply brakes to avoid running over her. She began riding with the traffic and the officer followed. She was not signaling and seemed to be fleeing, although the officer had not initiated a stop. He activated his lights and she continued, cutting through streets. Eventually she stopped north of West 6th Avenue. During a DUII investigation, officers found she had provided a false name during the initial stop. Mikayla Joy Kelly, age 24, of Eugene, was arrested for DUII (Controlled Substance) and False Info to Police, and a 90-day Park Restriction was issued.  Case 1604668 DUII and Reckless Driving – On March 24, 2016, at approximately 2309 hours, an officer was addressing an unrelated case at Wal Mart on Green Acres and as he was standing beside a vehicle in the parking lot, he noticed a man, later identified as Timothy Matthew Knebel, age 26, of Eugene, walk out of the Delta Bar, 1050 Green Acres. Knebel was stumbling repeatedly as he walked and nearly fell. He got his vehicle keys out of his pocket. The officer asked him if he was going to drive. Knebel declined and walked a good distance away from the bar. The officer concluded his other business and saw Knebel had come back near the front of the Delta Bar. He was swaying and behind several large furniture items in front of the store, appearing to be concealing himself from the officer. The officer relayed the information to another officer who was nearby. That officer spotted Knebel driving away, failing to maintain his lane, and crossing into a bike lane. He conducted a traffic stop. After an investigation, Knebel was arrested for DUII and Reckless Driving.  Case 1604685 Unlawful Discharge of a Weapon – On March 23 at 5:44 p.m., police were dispatched to the 1600 block of Olive Street regarding report of a weapon that had been discharged inside a home. Christopher Scott Bupp, age 40, of Eugene, was cleaning a semi-automatic rifle, when it went off. He ran next door to ensure no one had been hit as the round went out his window and through a neighbor’s window into the house and through a wall. He called 911 and waited for police. Officers checked the neighbor’s house to ensure no one had been hurt. Bupp was cited in lieu of custody for Unlawful Discharge of a Firearm.  Case 1604669 Hit and Run/ Criminal Mischief – On March 22 at 10:43 a.m., an EPD officer was dispatched to the 200 block of E. 13th regarding a hit and run crash. Fire was on scene. The officer arrived to find a black Honda in the middle of E. 13th Avenue just west of High Street. The driver of the Honda reported traveling east on E. 13th, when she saw a grey Nissan Frontier with a canopy, driven by Bryce Benjamin Dudley, age 24, of Springfield, turn onto E. 13th westbound (it is a one-way street). She veered to get out of his way, but he crashed into the driver’s door and the vehicle spun. The 28-year-old driver and her four-year-old daughter were not injured. The vehicle was towed. Fire advised that there was a second vehicle, a black Kia Sol, that had been hit from behind, pushed into several poles and was resting partially in the front lawn of property in the 200 block of E. 13th. The Kia had been parked and was unoccupied when it was hit. Dudley’s vehicle was parked and unoccupied behind the House of Records, 258 E. 13th. Dudley, had fled on foot. UOPD responded to the area. An EPD sergeant made contact with the suspect at 13th and Willamette and took him into custody without incident. UOPD responded and took custody of Dudley regarding charges against him from actions prior to the crashes. (please refer to UOPD for their related case and charges). Eugene Police charged Dudley with two counts of hit and run and one count of Criminal Mischief.  Case 1604603 Police Arrest Suspect Following Burglary/Arson at Bethesda Church – March 22, at approximately 7:07 a.m., police responded to Bethesda Lutheran Church on Royal Avenue regarding a burglary, and received information that the suspect fled on foot. While enroute to the location, police then received information that the suspect had returned, and was kicking the front door of the church. When police arrived, the officer attempted to contact the suspect multiple times, and he ran from the officer. The officer told the suspect that he was under arrest, and when the officer attempted to detain the suspect, he resisted. A struggle ensued, and the officer took the suspect into custody with the use of pepper spray. Police received information that the suspect had forced his way into the building from a lower-level window, burnt multiple items in the building, damaged items in the pantry, and left a pair of pants in the bell tower. When an employee arrived, they observed the door to the bell tower propped open, and the suspect Jason Duque, age 29, of Eugene, exit the door in a robe, swearing at the employee. The suspect then walked westbound on Royal and returned a short time later, and was kicking at the front door of the church asking for his pants. Duque was arrested for Arson in the First Degree, Burglary in the Second Degree, Interfering With a Peace Officer, and Resisting Arrest. He was transported to the hospital and later transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case 16-04591 Suspended Driver Involved in Hit and Run – On March 21 at 3:55 p.m., officers were dispatched to a hit and run report near W. 11th Avenue and Danebo Street. The driver of a vehicle, Arianne Michelle Ferguson, age 36, has been suspended since March 30, 2014. She was driving eastbound on W. 11th Avenue, approaching S. Danebo, when she crashed rear-ended another vehicle, driven by a 51-year-old man. The man got out to observe the damage and Ferguson motioned to him to turn onto Danebo. They both pulled into the turn lane. When the light turned green, the victim turned but Ferguson drove her vehicle out of the turn lane and fled down W. 11th Avenue weaving in and out of traffic. Two male witnesses, age 23 and 42, followed Ferguson and called police. Ferguson stopped in the parking lot of Target and the witnesses told her they had called police. Ferguson was cited in lieu of custody for Failure to Leave Name/Address at the Scene of an Accident and a citation for Driving While Suspended. Her car was impounded.  1604577 Assault on Public Safety Officer, Reckless Driving, Resisting Arrest – On March 22, at approximately 12:44 a.m., police responded to the parking lot at the top of Skinner’s Butte, regarding a male subject who was parked in a Chevy Suburban after park hours. When police attempted to contact the subject, he was uncompliant and behaved erratically, leading officers to believe he might be intoxicated. He was flailing around in the vehicle, and was partially concealed by a blanket. The officer attempted to secure the parking lot to prevent the vehicle from leaving and possibly endangering the public. As the officer was at the gate, he observed the Chevy Suburban approaching quickly from behind and directly toward his vehicle. The suburban then drove off the roadway and around the officer, and before reaching the street, it accelerated in reverse and crashed into the officer’s vehicle. The officer again attempted to contact the subject, who continued to behave erratically, and was holding a long blunt object. Officers gained access to the subject, and when they attempted to detain him, the subject resisted and a taser was deployed. The subject, Glen Martin Fisher, age 42, of Eugene, was taken into custody, and arrested for Attempted Assault on a Public Safety Officer, Reckless Driving, Resisting Arrest and Violation of Park Rules. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  16-04594 Man Arrested After Refusing to Leave Hotel – On March 21, at approximately 1:14 p.m., police responded to the Motel 6 on Glenwood Drive, regarding a disorderly subject who refused to leave the hotel after checkout, and had damaged property in the room. Police responded to the location and contacted the suspect, Mark C Howsmon, age 51, of Eugene, and observed the damage to the room. Howsmon was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Trespass by a Guest in the Second Degree and Criminal Mischief in the Second Degree.  16-04567 Woman Arrested for Harassment/Disorderly Conduct – March 21, at approximately 11:51 a.m., police contacted Rochelle Arquette Zamacona, age 23, of Roseburg, regarding information about trespassing. Police received information that Zamacona was told to leave an apartment residence in the 1000 block of W. 4th by a male subject, who was acquainted with her. When he told her to leave, she became disorderly. The victim was eventually able to physically remove Zamacona from the apartment, but she climbed back in through the window. Another confrontation ensued in the parking lot of the apartment and Zamacona slapped the male victim as he was recovering an item that she had taken. Zamacona was arrested, she was yelling at the officers and passersby. She was charged with Harassment, Disorderly Conduct and Criminal Trespass in the First Degree.  Case Number 16-0462 Men Arrested After Assault and Theft of Bicycle – March 19, at approximately 2:18 a.m., police responded to the report of an assault at the Salvation Army, 640 W. 7th Avenue, and received information that a 50-year-old male victim, had been kicked and punched by a male suspect and another male suspect had taken the victim’s bike. Police contacted the victim and observed facial injuries. Police were then able to locate the suspects after they returned to area and contacted them regarding the incident. Police arrested Adam Samuel Charles, age 45, of Eugene, for Robbery in the Second Degree and Interfering With a Peace Officer, and Levi Leonard Charles, age 46, of Eugene, for Assault in the Third Degree. Both suspects were transported to the Lane County Jail, and Adam Charles received the charge of Interfering With a Peace Officer after he displayed combative and hostile behavior during the arrest.  Case 16-04451 Stolen Vehicle Recovered, Man sleeping Inside with More Stolen Items – On March 20, at 1:25 p.m., a red 1994 Ford Ranger that was reported stolen on March 11, was spotted by an officer parked at W. 1st and Washington. There was someone, later identified as Ryan Daniel Doyle, age 29, of Eugene, sleeping inside. He was contacted and after an investigation ,he was arrested. Inside the vehicle was property that was also previously reported stolen and was recovered for the rightful owners. Doyle was arrested for Unauthorized Use of Vehicle, Theft in the Second Degree, Possession of Burglary Tools, and warrants. Disorderly Man Hits Vehicles in Traffic at 5th and Blair – March 20, at approximately 6:55 p.m., police responded to the area of 5th Avenue and Blair Blvd. and received numerous calls regarding a person who had been behaving aggressively in traffic. When the officer arrived, he contacted the suspect, Trevor Jason Harty, age 30, of Eugene, and received information that Harty had been in the roadway. Then after he was almost hit by an oncoming car, he yelled at the driver and caused damage to the passenger side mirror by hitting it. Harty was arrested for Criminal Mischief in the Second Degree and Disorderly Conduct and transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case 16-04529 Assault in the Second Degree – On March 4 at 5:37 a.m., an officer was dispatched to report of a robbery on Westward Ho near North Garden Way, in Eugene. The 19-year-old female victim reported a 21-year-old friend of hers, Ashley Bryce Stanton, age 21, were at a party and then engaged in a dispute. Stanton was reported to have grabbed the victim by the hair and directed her against the victim’s car. The victim reported that Stanton subsequently took her purse and ran away toward her own car. The victim chased her, Stanton threw the purse back at the victim. The victim reported she discovered money missing and yelled at Stanton to give it back. Instead, she reported that Stanton hit her in a the arm with a crowbar. On March 20 at 4 a.m., an officer was conducting a patrol check near Westward Ho and Oxbow Way when he observed a blue 2005 Pontiac Grand Am parked on the shoulder of Westward Ho that was associated with Stanton, for who there was an Attempt to Locate in the case. The officer knocked on the door and contacted Stanton, then arrested her without incident for Robbery in the First Degree, Assault in the Second Degree, Unlawful Use of a Weapon and Theft in the Second Degree.  Case 1603584 Reckless Driver Arrested – March 19, at approximately 1:27 a.m., a police officer was in the area of Hilyard St. near the 2300 block when he observed a vehicle driving at a high rate of speed through the intersection of E. 19th Ave. and Hilyard St. The officer followed the vehicle and attempted to stop it as it continued to make several traffic violations and disregard multiple traffic signals, before officers were eventually able to stop the vehicle in the area of 7th Avenue and Ferry Street Bridge. Police contacted the driver of the vehicle, Ayshea Renae Usoltseff, age 18, of Oregon City, and received information that she had been in an earlier collision and left the location. She was arrested for Elude by Vehicle, Reckless Driving, Hit and Run – Property Damage and Reckless Endangering (she was with another passenger at the time of arrest).  16-04450 Disorderly Trespasser Arrested – Police received information of disorderly trespasser at a residence in the area 1600 block area of Oakpatch Road on March 20 at 1:17 a.m. When police responded to the area, they located the suspect in his vehicle driving eastbound on 13th Avenue at Chambers. Police attempted to contact the vehicle on 18th, west of Hawkins, and it accelerated away from the officer at a high rate of speed. The suspect, Gregory James Gignac, age 38, of Eugene, returned to the residence on Oakpatch where he was trespassed, and was contacted by officers at the location. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree, Elude by Vehicle, and a warrant for arrest.  Case 16-04491 Two Disorderly Men Taken to Jail After Reports of a Fight with Knives – On March 19 at 1:06 a.m. an officer was on routine patrol and was flagged down by an individual reporting people fighting and pointing knives at each other at 62 West Broadway. The officer spotted four males in a heated dispute in the area. Two, later identified as Joseph Daniel Templin, III, age 20; and Matthew Michael Ellington, age 25, from an earlier contact where they were called in as disorderly subjects on W. 8th Avenue and Willamette. The other two were males, age 22 and 34. When asked, the latter two sat down. It was reported that Templin started the fight by several witnesses. He had alcohol hidden under his coat. During the officer’s investigation, Templin and Ellington continued to yell at the other two males, and Templin threatened to hurt or cut them. Templin was refusing to obey commands to stop yelling. He was taken into custody. While two officers escorted him to the patrol vehicle, he kicked one of the mean in the leg as they walked by and threatened revenge. Templin was arrested for Disorderly Conduct and Open Container. Ellington was advised he could leave, but he chose not to. He stayed at the location and made threats to harm or kill the two victims. He was taken into custody for Disorderly Conduct. His dog was taken to the First Avenue Shelter to safekeeping after officers were unable to find any of Ellington’s friend to take care of the dog. (None of the involved wished to press charges regarding being menaced and officers were unable to determine who had had a knife).  Case 1604448 Theft from Macy’s – On March 19 at 3:50 p.m., Macys at 293 Valley River Center reported a wanted suspect being followed by loss prevention. There were two confirmed warrants for the suspect, Patrick Simmonds. Loss prevention advised Simmonds had stolen from the store and was walking south on the bike path. When officers located Simmonds on the north bank bike path, just south of Macy’s, an officer observed he was stuffing clothing between the slats I the bike path safety railing near the river. Officers detained him and after investigating, Simmonds was arrested and taken to the Lane County Jail without incident, where he was lodged for two warrants, Theft in the Second Degree, Possession of Burglary Tools, and Criminal Mischief in the Third Degree.  Case 16-4469 The number of DUII Arrests from Friday, March 18, to Monday, March 21 is 7 Including: DUII/Reckless Driving Arrest – On March 19 at 3:06 a.m., an officer was dispatched to the Silver Dollar Club at 2620 W. 10th Place regarding a possibly intoxicated driver, who had struck a parked car in the parking lot. The driver, Jonathan William Faber, age 25, of Eugene, had parked his vehicle, a red 1966 Volkswagen Beetle and was taking with employees. After a DUII investigation, police arrested Faber for DUII and Reckless Driving.  Case 16-04454 DUII/Failure to Maintain Lane – On March 18 at 12:20 a.m., an officer observed a black 2013 Chevrolet travelling at a high rate of speed while on Delta Highway, and that it was swerving from side to side. He stopped the driver, Jennifer Michele Hicks, age 39, of Eugene, and asked for the assistance of a DUII patrol officer, who responded and conducted an investigation. She was cited in lieu of custody for DUII, and cited for Failure to Maintain Lane.  Case 16-4378 DUII – March 19, at approximately 9:33 p.m., police received information of a possible DUII driver who had left the Side Bar on Coburg Road in a Silver Nissan. Police located the described vehicle parked in front of an apartment on the 2500 block of Willakenzie Road, and contacted the driver of the vehicle at his residence in the apartment. During contact with the subject, Charles Andrew Lewis, age 62, police advised that he was under arrest for DUII. Lewis subsequently resisted the officer’s attempts to place him into custody and he received an additional charge of Resisting Arrest. He was transported to the Lane County Jail for DUII and Resisting Arrest.  Case 16-04482 DUII – On March 19, at approximately 2:19 a.m., an office initiated a traffic stop after observing a vehicle make multiple traffic violations, which included an unlawful lane change, unlawful/signaled turn, and failing to drive in a single lane on W. Broadway Ave. The officer contacted the driver of the vehicle, Brent Anitok Anitok, age 25, of Springfield, near Garfield and W. Broadway, and he was investigated for DUII. Anitok was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for DUII and Reckless Driving.  Case 16-04452 On March 16, at 11:50 a.m., an officer was dispatched to 4550 West 11th Avenue for the report of a suspicious subject in the parking lot of Walmart. A man appeared to be pushing a shopping cart containing various tools and trying to sell them in the area. The officer contacted the man standing behind a pickup truck loading items into the back. There were two other men standing next to another pickup truck and it looked as though they were all together. Officers became aware that at least one of the vehicles was a stolen vehicle. The three men were detained without incidents. There was another man, Kalen Michael Ruiz, age 22 of Eugene, sleeping in the passenger seat and an officer took him into custody as well. Once all the investigation was complete three were arrested and two stolen trucks were recovered. There was an ‘Attempt to Locate out for Ruiz related to some thefts from Target. Ruiz was arrested for Possession of a Stolen Vehicle, Theft in the First Degree, and two counts of theft in the second degree. Ethan James Purkey, age 23, no address, was arrested for Unauthorized Use of Motor Vehicle, Possession of Burglar Tools. Joshua Eugene Hopkins, age 26, no address was arrested for Unauthorized Use of Motor Vehicle, Possession of Burglar Tools. A 1991 Mazda pickup belonging to a 64-year-old Springfield man, and a 1988 Nissan truck belonging to a 50-year-old Eugene woman were recovered.  Case 16-04275 On March 16 at 4:00 p.m., an officer responded to1070 S. Bertelsen Road after report of a man who arrived at the location in his Ford Ranger, exited and then fell. The man, identified as Raymond Leslie Lowe, age 55, no address, was lying next to his truck when the officer contacted him. After an investigation, Lowe was arrested for Driving While Suspended -Felony and DUII –Drugs.  16-04290 March 16, at approximately 11:20 p.m., a police officer conducting traffic enforcement in the area of Charnelton St. and 13th Ave. observed a grey utility vehicle make multiple wide turns and come to an immediate stop at an intersection, partially over the crosswalk. When the officer attempted to stop the vehicle, it pulled to side of the roadway, and then continued to drive southbound on Willamette St. The officer again attempted to stop the vehicle, and it came to a stop near the intersection of 14th Ave. and Willamette St. The officer contacted the driver, Jared Dylan Nagel, age 37, of Eugene, and arrested him for DUII and Reckless Driving. He was transported to the Lane County Jail. Case 16-04307 March 16, at approximately 10:16 p.m., police responded to the 1000 block of W. 8th Avenue regarding a dispute. When police arrived, they received information that the victim’s roommate broke into his room and stole electronics. Police observed the suspect, Emily Dove Fitzhugh, age 43, walking near the intersection of W. 7th Avenue and Van Buren Street, and arrested her for Burglary in the First Degree, and Theft in the First Degree. She was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case 16-04305 ————————————————————————————————————————————— The following cases were from March 11 to March 13, were taken from a total of 15 DUII arrests that were made over the weekend.  1604106 – On March 13 at 12:31 a.m., officers were sent to Hwy. 99 N and Prairie Road after there was report of a dispute between a man and woman. It was reported that the man tried to get a woman into the vehicle and she was refusing (the pair live together). An officer conducted a traffic stop of the vehicle. After investigating, Benny Wilson Dees, age 29, of Eugene, was arrested and lodged for DUII, cited for Driving uninsured.  1604101 – On March 12, at 11:06 p.m., an officer was dispatched to a report of a reckless driver. There was a report of the driver going through a stop sign without stopping and that he was unable to maintain lanes on multiple occasions. The officer stopped the driver at W. 15th and Kincaid Street. After investigating, Dylan Paul Haas, age 18, of Eugene, was arrested for DUII and Reckless Driving.  1604039 – On Friday, March 11, at 11:24 p.m., an officer was dispatched to a dispute at 90 Commons Drive. When he turned onto Commons Drive from Kinsrow Drive he saw a white male, later identified as Aaron Jerome Johnson, Jr., standing in the middle of the street with his arms up in the air gesturing to a vehicle north of him. He was next to his parked vehicle and appeared upset at the driver in the vehicle behind him. The driver in that vehicle, a 25-year-old woman, reported that Johnson had just backed his vehicle into hers. The woman had observed Johnson being restrained by a couple people who appeared to be forcing Johnson away from the apartments. Johnson is reported to have gotten into his vehicle and started to drive away. She had followed Johnson out onto Commons Drive and when Johnson reached the stop sign at Commons Drive and Kinsrow Drive, he put his vehicle in reverse and started to drive towards her vehicle. She couldn`t get out of the way and Johnson backed his vehicle into the front of hers. All three of the people in the vehicle advised me they were not hurt. Johnson was arrested for DUII and Reckless Driving 1604096 – On March 12, at 7:38 p.m., dispatch received a report from the public about a white male driving a silver Pontiac, who had rear ended another vehicle while at the Dairy Queen Drive Thru, off Coburg Road and Willakenzie. He was reported to be staggering when he got out of his vehicle and ordered food, and there was an odor of alcohol. The callers were able to provide a license plate. An officer responded to the address where the vehicle was registered and contacted David Perry Pennington, age 38, of Eugene. After investigating, David was arrested for Driving under the influence of intoxicants, driving without valid driving privileges, and reckless driving.  1604107 – On March 13 at 12:54 a.m., an officer on patrol spotted a vehicle make a series of driving errors, and then drive onto a curb on the northeast corner of Willamette and E. 28th. He initiated a traffic stop, but the suspect drove over the stop sign on the corner, across E. 28th Avenue and then parked at the southern curb of E. 28th Avenue. After an investigation, the driver, Matthew Colin Sharkey, age 38, of Eugene, was arrested for DUII and Reckless Driving.  1604050 – On March 12 at 1:55 a.m., an officer was doing traffic enforcement near 7th and Washington Street. He spotted a vehicle that appeared to be speeding and then performed a traffic stop in the area of eastbound I-105 and W. 6th. After an investigation, the driver, Lucas Charles Thomas, age 39, Brownsville, was arrested for DUII and cited for violation of the designated speed.  1604034 – On March 11, at 10:36 p.m., an officer was conducting traffic enforcement near Pearl Street and 18th Avenue. He spotted a vehicle drive on the center of the broken white line, then found the plate appeared to be expired. The officer activated his emergency lights and stopped the car. The driver, Yancy Louis Washington, age 56, of Eugene, got out and walked toward the front of the officer’s patrol car. During the contact, Yancy was argumentative and hostile. After an investigation, he was arrested for driving under the influence of intoxicants. He was cited for Driving Without Driving Privileges, Failure to Renew the Vehicle Registration, and Driving Uninsured. March 12, at approximately 11:45 p.m., police responded to the 3300 block of River Rd. for a reported Robbery. Police received information that the suspect took the purse of a female victim who is known to him, and left in her vehicle after hitting her in the face. The vehicle was located driving on Greenhill Rd. and an officer conducted a traffic stop just west of Barger Dr. The officer contacted the driver, Mark Vincent Venegas, age 39, of Cofax California, and arrested him for Robbery in the Third Degree, DUII Felony, Reckless Driving, and Reckless Endangering. He was transported to the Lane County Jail on the charges.  (Case number 16-04105) —————————————————————————————————————————————— March 9, at approximately 6 p.m., Eugene Police responded to Fred Myers on Division Avenue, regarding a Theft. When officers arrived, they received information that an employee attempted to contact two male subjects outside the business after observing them exit the store without paying for the merchandise. The suspects ran, and were located a short time later in a vehicle in the 1000 block area of Green Acres. Police contacted Kalen Michael Ruiz, age 22, of Eugene, and Ethan James Purkey, age 23, of Eugene. Ruiz and Purkey were arrested for Theft in the Second Degree and transported to the Lane County Jail.  (Case Number 16-03893) March 9, at approximately 5:24 p.m., police responded to the area of W. 5th Avenue and Blair Blvd. for a reported Menacing. When officers arrived they received information that the suspect had yelled at people and had aggressed toward them while holding a sharp object. Police located the described suspect, Adam Samuel Charles, age 45, of Eugene, a short distance from the location and contacted him regarding the incident. He was arrested for Menacing and transported to the Lane County Jail.  (Case Number 16-03891) March 1, around 4 p.m., police received information of a burglary at a home on the 800 block of 36th Avenue. When police arrived, they heard noises inside the home, and upon further investigation, found the homeowner in a physical confrontation with the suspect, Michael Wayne Ebert, age 44, of Eugene. Police detained Ebert, and found information to arrest him for Burglary in the First Degree. He was transported to the Lane County jail.  (Case number 16-03449 ) March 1, at approximately 4:50 p.m., police responded to Hirons Drug Store on E. 18th Avenue, regarding a theft. When police arrived, they received information that the suspect, James William Coleman, age 19, of Eugene, was observed exiting the store without paying for an item. The employee contacted Coleman, and Coleman punched the arm of the employee after he attempted to detain Coleman, and continued to resist. He was eventually detained by the employee and arrested by police for Robbery in the Third Degree and Possession of Heroin. It was also found that Coleman had warrants for his arrest. He was transported to the Lane County Jail on the charges. (Case Number 16-3451) CategoriesUncategorized Tagsarms, army, assault, Automotive, Business, command, Cycling, division, fight, fire, Food and Beverage, front, gun, hospital, jeep, kill, leave, officer, peace, rifle, sergeant, service, staff, Uncategorized, weapon Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EPD on the Beat – April’s Notable Patrol Incidents and Arrests Next PostNext February EPD on the Beat – Notable patrol incidents Search Recent Posts Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive ZTE se classe à la 1ère place dans la table de demandes des brevets de l’Organisation mondiale de la propriété intellectuelle Judge Announces Intention To Confirm Peabody Energy Plan Of Reorganization, Paving Way For Emergence First ever Werks Reunion Amelia Island Porsche show an unqualified success Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto E FUN Nextbook Ares 8A tablet hits Walmart By admin in Uncategorized March 10, 2017 E FUN Unveils New Nextbook Ares 8A Android Tablet at Walmart 03/03/2017 Feature-Rich Unit Keeps Users Entertained, Informed, Connected; Perfect for Spring Adventures; Available and Value Priced Now at Select Walmart Locations and on Walmart.comWEST COVINA, CA – March 7, 2017 – E FUN, a leading designer and manufacturer of mobile lifestyle products, has turned a good thing into an even better one. The company announced that it has made enhancements to its popular Nextbook Ares 8A Android tablet, making it bigger, smarter, and better than ever. Utilizing all that the Android OS has to offer, the unit is perfect for anyone looking for a sure cure to a case of Spring Fever. The value-priced Ares 8A is available now at select Walmart® locations and online at Walmart.com. Our revamped Nextbook Ares 8A Android tablet offers high performance, fashion, and – at less than two pounds – the ultimate in portability, stated Jason Liszewski, E FUN managing director and VP of sales. With Spring in the air – or about to be – its many features, especially its ability to access the Google Play Store and its myriad selections of apps, movies, music, books, and more, make it an ideal companion for anyone just itching to get up and enjoy life. Users can easily switch between playing games, browsing the web, watching movies, and listening to music with just a swipe of their finger. Take a Spring BreakThe Nextbook Ares 8A Android tablet comes ready to let loose. With its built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth capabilities, easy Internet access is virtually assured from practically anywhere. Connectivity won’t be an issue, whether the unit is used in the backyard, local park, nearby beach, trip across country, or a stay at some exotic location far from home. And for what uses might the Ares 8A be good for at any of these spots? Let’s begin with the excellent selection of preloaded apps it comes with. The Barnes and Noble NOOK app offers more reading material than you can finish in a lifetime, let alone over a few Spring days. Want to sit back and while away the hours watching movies and TV shows? The Ares 8A’s VUDU Movies and TV app gives you instant access to hours of them. Or if you would rather venture to an actual movie theater, check out what is showing on the Flixster app.But those are just appetizers compared to the main course. Also preloaded is the Google Play Store. Think of it has your own personal supplier to literally millions of choices. From the latest video games – made even more exciting with the unit’s 3-axis G-sensor that lets you move the way you need to without constraint – to all of the popular social media sites, music , books , movies and TV shows, and news publications and magazines are at your fingertips.Don’t be shy either about shooting photos or taking videos with your Nextbook Ares 8A. It comes with built-in 0.3MP front and 2MP rear-facing cameras. And feel free to shoot and record to your heart’s content. It has 16GB of internal memory and additional storage via a microUSB port and an up to 128GB-capacity microSD slot. So, there’s plenty of room to store all of those captured memories.The versatile unit supports the following A/V formats: Video: MPEG4, H.263, H.264, WMV, and moreMusic: MP3, WAV, OGG, FLAC, APE, AAC… Post navigation US$50 million and Ali Trophy for new boxing tournament DRIVEN: Mercedes-Benz E220d Coupé Search for: Recent Posts Higher protein intake in preterm infants results in better head growth: Study Episode 25 – Dessert Oasis Don’t even think about axing the Brumbies Slater and Gordon’s new bankers supportive of ‘solvent restructure’ Unions, Labor split over ACTU Sally McManus Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Search News Morning Twist Music Sports Events NOLA Marketplace About Sections 59° Low: 54° High: 65° Fri Mostly Sunny 57° 74° Sat Partly Cloudy 60° 77° Sun Mostly Sunny 59° 77° See Complete Forecast 59° Replay: News With A Twist Owe child support in La.? Now you can make payments at Walmart, CVS and other locations Posted: 5:35 p.m., March 9, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print Child Support spelled in colorful play letters on cash × Owe child support in La.? Now you can make payments at Walmart, CVS and other locations Child Support spelled in colorful play letters on cash BATON ROUGE – Parents who owe child support can now make cash payments through MoneyGram at Walmart, CVS or any other of MoneyGram’s estimated 780 locations in Louisiana. The Louisiana Department of Children and Family Services has aligned with MoneyGram, a money transfer company, to electronically send payments to DCFS for transfer to custodial parents. The new MoneyGram service makes it easier and more convenient for non-custodial parents to make child support payments. P reviously, the only payment option was a money order mailed to the Centralized Collection Unit in Baton Rouge. This birth control could save the U.S. $12B every year To make a payment through MoneyGram, parents need: Cash. Their LASES member number or LASES case ID. “Receive Code” 14695 (Note: This code can be obtained from the DCFS/Child Support Website, MoneyGram Website or by providing the retailer with the name Louisiana Child Support.) In addition to the payment, MoneyGram charges a $3.99 convenience fee. In addition to storefront locations, parents can also make payments online at MoneyGram.com or from the MoneyGram smartphone app. MoneyGram child support payment services are currently available in 30 states across the country. For information on making child support payments, including MoneyGram, click here. Related Stories ‘Day Without a Woman’ strike puts some parents in bind amid school closures Trump to ask for border wall money — but only a little Authors: WGNO Web Desk Filed in: Local 189 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel More in Crime One dead, 2 injured in Gentilly triple shooting More from WGNO Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App facebook twitter instagram pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact Screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Tech Apple Science Cars Geneva Motor Show Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     NES Classic In Stock Limited To Amazon Prime Now Posted: Mar 16 2017, 2:52pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   NES Classic Shopping Guide   Here are the latest NES Classic availability updates. Updated. The Nintendo Switch launched last week and is now as hard to find as the Nintendo NES Classic. Now Nintendo has two consoles that are in high demand and short supply. Don't Miss: Win a FREE Nintendo Switch in our Giveaway Updates: The NES Classic reseller prices are dropping for some reason. The supply is not increasing, but it could be that finally the demand caves in. Reseller prices on March 16 drop to $144.99, plus $5.20 shipping on amazon.com. There are several offers around the $150 mark. As you see below, prices have been $20 higher just at the beginning of the week. As no major NES shipment has arrived, reseller prices continue to climb. The NES Classic offers on the reseller market on Amazon.com on Monday, March 12 starting at $174.99 plus $3.99. Many offers are in the $178 to $190 region now. These reseller prices are no about has high as they have been at the peak in the past Holiday season. We have been able to secure a NES Classic and a Switch to give away to our readers in March. Enter now to win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in our two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. The NES Classic supply has not improved with the launch of the Switch. The last time the NES was on sale online for the regular retail price of $59.99 was on Feb. 23 on amazon.com. The only option that has worked in past days is Amazon Prime Now. The local delivery service of Amazon has offered the NES in select cities. The most recent cities the NES was available has been New York, at around noon on Saturday, March 11. Before the NES was available in San Francisco, Dallas and New York. Last night we spotted the NES in Las Vegas. Supply is extremely constraint. Amazon only allows one NES Classic order per person. There is strict limit on how many NES an account can order for a set period of time, at least 24 hours. Ordering a NES via Amazon Prime Now is great, but its a hassle to spot one in stock and ready for order. It arrives in 2 hours for free in the cities where Amazon Prime Now is available. NES hunters have to refresh the search for the NES Classic for their ZIP code on a regular basis to spot the NES in stock. There is also no pattern where the NES Classic will be available next on Amazon Prime Now. Target and Walmart stores have not shown significant inventory in the past days. Consumers scored NES classic consoles through Amazon Prime Now and Amazon Spain. NES Classic Stock Updates NES Classic at Amazon.com The NES Classic reseller prices keep on rising. The NES Classic offers on the reseller market on Amazon.com on Monday, March 12 starting at $174.99 plus $3.99. Many offers are in the $178 to $190 region now. Amazon Prime Now has shown the NES Classic available in select cities for very short period of times throughout Wednesday. On Thursday at 1:25am ET, we spotted the NES Classic in stock for Las Vegas on Amazon Prime Now. NES hunters also are keeping an eye on Amazon.es as NES supply in the United States has dried up. Cost of ordering a European version of the NES on Amazon Spain is reasonable. NES Classic at Target The NES Classic at Target stores availability is still very low with 1% according to BrickSeek on Monday, March 13. The chances to find a NES at a Target store are low. NES Classic at Walmart The NES Classic at Walmart stores stock indicator drops to 2% according to BrickSeek on Monday, March 13. The chances to find a NES at a Walmart store are low. NES Classic at GameStop The NES Classic was last in stock at GameStop online on Feb. 9. GameStop only offered the NES Classic as part of bundles starting at $79.99. Inventory lasted about 9 minutes. NES Classic at Best Buy The Nintendo NES Classic was on sale online at bestbuy.com on Friday, March 10. Overall the $59.99 NES inventory lasted about 12 minutes. This means that the consumer electronics giant only received a small shipment. NES Classic at ToysRUs Stores No new updates. NES not in stock at ToysRUs stores and online shop. TRU is only selling NES accessories online. BrickSeek has relaunched. The inventory searches for Target and Walmart are still available. To check the NES stock situation at a nearby Walmart use this page on brickseek and for NES stock at Target stores use this page. Zoolert is now also offering a service to check inventory of retail locations. Zoolert supports besides Target and Walmart also ToysRUs, GameStop and Best Buy. Looking to buy a new Nintendo Switch console? Check out the latest in stock updates for the Nintendo Switch online. GameStop is offering a Switch bundle with April delivery online. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest version of hakchi2 allows NES owners to install over 800 NES games. A new hack even allows NES owners to run SNES games via an emulator.  It is easier to find NES Classic controllers Amazon now, although they are not from Nintendo. Here is a list of popular NES accessories on sale on Amazon. NES Classic Edition Accessories Nyko MiniBoss Controller for NES Classic Edition Pernos 2Pack 10ft 3M Extension Cable for Nintendo NES Classic Mini Edition Controller Ortz 10ft Controller for NES Classic Mini [TURBO EDITION] Buttons 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver 10ft Extend Link Extension Cable For Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition RDS Industries NES Classic Edition Carrying Case Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller Nintendo is under criticism for bad demand forecasting since years. Part of it is intentional as shortage generates buzz. The downside are the countless hours of people spent in line and the caused frustration. There is no update from Nintendo when the Japanese video game maker will resolve the shortage. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The Holiday shopping season 2016 has been dominated by the hunt for Hatchimals and the Nintendo NES classic edition. The NES Classic demand is still strong amidst ongoing shortage. In about one months the new Nintendo Switch will go sale and Nintendo fans brace for the worst. The Nintendo Switch pre-order are sold out. The supply situation might no be as bad as for the NES, but it will be difficult to get a Switch at launch for customers who have not pre-ordered the Switch. Find out how to get the Nintendo Shift on March 3.  Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates: Amazon UK, Amazon Prime Now and GameStop are Options 5 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT Why IP Camera and Smart Devices are Soft Target for Hackers? and How to Secure Them 5 hours ago, 2:35pm CDT Sony XBR-A1E Bravia OLED 4K HDR TVs Jump on the Scene in 2017 12 hours ago, 8:15am CDT LG's 2017 OLED TV Line is Massive 12 hours ago, 8:01am CDT Get Extremely Close to an Active Volcano with Google Street View 4 hours ago, 3:27pm CDT New Hypercars of the 2017 Geneva Motor Show 6 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT Geneva Motor Show 2017: All the American Cars 6 hours ago, 1:55pm CDT The Best Cars of the 2017 Geneva Motor Show 6 hours ago, 1:53pm CDT 2019 Jaguar F-Pace SVR Spied Testing on Road 6 hours ago, 1:50pm CDT Human Activities may have Created Sahara Desert, Study Says 7 hours ago, 12:59pm CDT New Materials with Amazing Capabilities 7 hours ago, 12:55pm CDT Geneva Motor Show 2017: All the New Cars 7 hours ago, 12:55pm CDT This New Artificial Skin Material Feels Temperature Changes 7 hours ago, 12:47pm CDT Diabetes Research: New Discoveries and Tools 7 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT McLaren Confirms Long Tail Version of 720S 7 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates: Amazon UK, Amazon Prime Now and GameStop are Options Lamborghini Unveils the Huracan Perfomante at Geneva Motor Show 2017   New Nintendo Switch Bundles On Sale With April Delivery at GameStop NES Classic in Stock Limited to Amazon Prime Now Technology News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates: Amazon UK, Amazon Prime Now and GameStop are Options 5 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT Why IP Camera and Smart Devices are Soft Target for Hackers? and How to Secure Them 5 hours ago, 2:35pm CDT Sony XBR-A1E Bravia OLED 4K HDR TVs Jump on the Scene in 2017 12 hours ago, 8:15am CDT LG's 2017 OLED TV Line is Massive 12 hours ago, 8:01am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Get Extremely Close to an Active Volcano with Google Street View 4 hours ago, 3:27pm CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Updates: Amazon UK, Amazon Prime Now and GameStop are Options 5 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT Why IP Camera and Smart Devices are Soft Target for Hackers? and How to Secure Them 5 hours ago, 2:35pm CDT New Hypercars of the 2017 Geneva Motor Show 6 hours ago, 1:57pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates Geneva Motor Show 2017 MWC 2017 E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 43 10 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest What's next for Toms River Walmart site? A Toms River developer, who waged a 13-year battle to build a Walmart store, will find another use for the property. Post to Facebook What's next for Toms River Walmart site? A Toms River developer, who waged a 13-year battle to build a Walmart store, will find another use for the property.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2m7NBdb {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs What's next for Toms River Walmart site? David P. Willis , @dpwillis732 Published 5:22 p.m. ET March 9, 2017 | Updated 6:09 p.m. ET March 9, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share RAW VIDEO: Wild fire in Lakewood of South Clifton Avenue Thursday March 9, 2017. Tanya Breen Walmart has given up on a 13-year effort to build a new store in Toms River. (Photo: AFP/Getty Images) 43 CONNECTTWEET 10 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE A Toms River developer who waged a 13-year battle to build a Walmart store on the township's border with Manchester will find another use for the property, now that the retail giant has decided to move on. Developer Jay Grunin said he wished Walmart "nothing but success" in the company's decision to invest in improvements to its other stores, including an existing Walmart store on Route 37 in Toms River. "We are confident that we will find another use for this property in the very near figure that will add jobs, services and ratables to our local economy," Grunin said in a statement. MORE: Walmart abandons Toms River plans after 13 years MORE: Moe's Southwest Grill coming to Toms River On Wednesday, Walmart cited "several business factors" behind its decision to end its efforts to build a 228,000-square-foot supercenter on 43 acres on the westbound side of Route 37. "Although we no longer plan to build a new store in Toms River, we are committed to continuing our growth and investment in New Jersey," Walmart spokesman Phillip Keene said. Developers Jay and Linda Grunin began seeking environmental permits in 2004 for the Walmart project. It wound its way through the planning boards in Toms River and Manchester, the state Department of Environmental Protection, the governor's office and the courts. It was opposed by environmentalists, who contended the large supercenter would disturb threatened northern pine snakes on the property, and the Perlmutter family who operate ShopRite supermarkets in Ocean County. In his statement, Grunin hailed Walmart and the efforts to build the store. "Walmart has been a great partner for the last 13 years as we have worked together to develop a challenging parcel of land in a soon to be fully approved site capable for accommodating up to 200,000 square feet of retail," he said. "Together, we have navigated through sensitive environmental issues in the ultimate hope of adding to the tax base of Ocean County, still reeling from the effects of superstorm Sandy." (Cast your vote on what you think should be done with the property. If the poll isn't showing up, hit refresh on your browser.) Walmart's decision comes as the company contends with intense competition from other retailers and online stores. Walmart is focused on investing in new ways to serve customers, both in the store and on the web, by improving existing stores and enhancing employee training. Last fall, Walmart remodeled its existing Toms River store, adding a self-checkout area, revamping its fresh produce offerings and remodeling the pharmacy. A new customer service center was unveiled to focus on money services and Walmart Pickup, which allows customers to buy something online at Walmart.com and ship it to the store for free. Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates,  a New York-based national retail consulting and investment banking firm, said retailers are downsizing as online sales surge. "Online is exploding," he said. "They don’t need bigger stores. They need smaller stores." MORE: Lidl, Aldi get ready for Shore supermarket war MORE: Lidl grocery store plans to open in Lacey Retail analyst Burt Flickinger III said Walmart faces intense competition from other retailers. He cited the expected entrance of German discounter Lidl in the middle Atlantic states as a reason why Walmart would decide to not to build a store in a challenging environment. "Walmart has been losing to Lidl in Europe for 20 consecutive years," said Flickinger, managing director of Strategic Resource Group.. "Walmart is already having a tough time with ShopRite on one side and BJ's Wholesale Club on the other side." ​ ​David P. Willis: 732-643-4039; dwillis@gannettnj.com; facebook.com/dpwillis732. 43 CONNECTTWEET 10 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2m7NBdb
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Business Day|Where Wal-Mart Failed, Aldi Succeeds Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Business Day Where Wal-Mart Failed, Aldi Succeeds By STEPHANIE CLIFFORDMARCH 29, 2011 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo Even though Aldi, like Wal-Mart, is nonunion, it has faced little resistance, compared with the heated opposition often headed by unions and politicians that Wal-Marts have encountered in larger markets. Credit Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times While Wal-Mart revives its plans to get into New York City, a giant German retailer has slipped in relatively unnoticed. In February, with virtually no opposition — a Queens politician even showed up at the grand opening in Rego Park, Queens — a discount retailer called Aldi opened its first store in the city, and plans to open a second one, in the Bronx, later this year. After decades spent fleeing cities for the strip malls and boulevards of the suburbs, grocers and discount retailers are doing an about-face. Target plans to open its first smaller, city-size store in Seattle next year, and Wal-Mart announced recently that it would build “hundreds” of smaller, mostly urban stores in the coming years. Meanwhile, Aldi has quietly been setting up its shops in cities around the country. “They’re not only doing the small format more rapidly, but they’re getting into the urban areas more rapidly than either Wal-Mart Express or the city Targets,” said Craig Johnson, president of the consulting firm Customer Growth Partners. “Even though the company’s headquartered in Germany, they’ve opened up a New York store quicker than Wal-Mart has.” Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Even though Aldi, like Wal-Mart, is nonunion, it has faced little resistance, compared with the heated opposition often headed by unions and politicians that Wal-Marts have encountered in larger markets. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “There’s no reason to oppose an Aldi — it’s a small format, and they usually get space from an existing landowner or landlord, a small guy who’s plugged into the community, not a big guy like a Forest City Ratner,” Mr. Johnson said. “Wal-Mart has sort of become a bad guy that there’s a concerted effort against. I’m not sure that Aldi has really gotten on anyone’s radar screen.” Aldi first came to the United States in 1976, but it opened a relatively small number of stores a year — 25 or so on average. Within the last few years, it has accelerated its expansion by adding more than 250 stores, with plans for 80 more both in 2011 and 2012, said Jason Hart, co-president of Aldi’s United States division, in a recent interview. The company capitalizes on the bargain hunter, who is not embarrassed to choose frugality over name brands. Aldi’s mainly sells its own private-label items at cheap prices — a five-ounce bacon-wrapped beef filet costs $1.79 at the Queens store. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “It’s the one format that seems to have increased the most, and has sustained a number of new stores,” during and after the recession, said Jonathan P. Feeney, a grocery analyst with Janney Capital Markets. As “prices are going to go up, it’s going to be a growing opportunity.” Aldi was founded by the Albrecht brothers, who worked in their mother’s German retail business and took it over in the 1940s. In 1961, they introduced the Aldi name, short for Albrecht Discount. Advertisement Continue reading the main story According to Stores magazine, the Aldi group was the eighth-largest retailer in the world in 2009 (the most recent figures available), with an estimated $67.7 billion in revenue. According to estimates by Mr. Johnson, about $6.5 billion of Aldi’s revenue stems from sales in the United States. Aldi’s model is to sell groceries and basics like dishwasher soap and laundry detergent in drugstore-size spaces — its Queens store is 17,500 square feet, about 16 percent the size of an average Wal-Mart — in urban, suburban and rural areas, though the focus lately has been in cities. Advertisement Continue reading the main story About 95 percent of its goods bear an obscure private label. For example, rather than Skippy, Jiffy, natural, and jam-swirled peanut butter, Aldi sells one kind, which it commissions itself. (It’s similar to the higher-end Trader Joe’s, which is owned by an Albrecht family trust.) Advertisement Continue reading the main story “We carry 1,500 of the most popular grocery items out there,” Mr. Hart said. “You won’t find some exotic spice or exotic produce items in our stores; you won’t find every flavor of every items. When you look at the large supermarkets that may have 20- to 30,000 items, or superstores, with over 100,000 items, it’s surprising to the customers how much of the shopping list we’re able to fit into our smaller store.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Fewer product lines translate into making even a small, high-rent space quite profitable. “It simplifies everything — supply chain, delivery,” Mr. Johnson said. “You stock the stuff that’s the highest velocity and that you make the highest margin on.” Photo Estimates are that Aldi, a privately held, nonunion chain, has more than 8,000 stores worldwide and 1,000 in the United States. Credit Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times The Aldi stores cut costs in other ways. In most, customers drop in a quarter to get a shopping cart, and get the quarter back when they return the cart, to prevent theft. Carts are locked so they cannot go beyond the store in any case. Advertisement Continue reading the main story The stores do not accept checks or credit cards. There is no butcher or bakery, and fruit is sold in bags to speed checkout. Given those savings and the absence of advertising costs, Aldi officials say their discounts amount to up to 45 percent off competitors like Wal-Mart’s private-label brands. But analysts provide a lower estimate, a discount over all of about 20 percent. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy Those expecting dusty, cluttered aisles with expired dates on cereal boxes and dented tin cans might be surprised by the Aldi atmosphere . “This is not just the knockoff, cheapo, old model of discount stores,” Mr. Johnson said. In the Queens store, aisles are eight feet wide — standard at Aldis in the United States. Cheerful pictures of produce and cheeses adorn yellow-painted walls. Aisles are lined with basics like hand soap, soup and bread, as well as anise-flavored waffle cookies at $2.69 for seven ounces. A pretty five-inch tall orchid sold for $5.99. And in “special values” aisles, items carried for a week or two included private-label appliances like quesadilla makers. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “It used to be private label was really a white box with black lettering, and that’s not what private label is now,” said David Fuselier, an investor in urban grocery stores. “Now it’s private label that is attractive, that has nutritious labels on it, and that are part of the corporate strategy.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Though almost all the products are made by Aldi, it has created hundreds of “brand names” that echo the national brands in name and design. While those enhance the store’s stock more than black-and-white generic labels would, the unknown brands have the unsettling effect of making a shopper feel as if she is on a movie set, à la “The Truman Show.” Yum, cheddar goldfish — but it’s Savoritz Sharks. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “It’s just an opportunity to give a little more character to the product,” said Bruce Persohn, who oversees the region that includes New York City for Aldi. “For our loyal customers they really become household names.” To add to the confusion, occasionally Aldi will carry brand names, like Splenda, when it can’t find a good substitute. And it also has brands like Colgate — Mr. Persohn said it had sold private-label toothpaste at one point, but “we opted for Colgate. People just like Colgate.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story On a recent Wednesday afternoon, shoppers at the new Queens Aldi seemed a little perplexed by its quirks. “Do these carts go outside or no?” said a woman who was trying to wrestle her cart, with three shopping bags, to a nearby parking lot. “So you need two people to come shopping with you,” she said crossly. Two middle-aged women were looking for Milky Ways, with no luck. “So this is all, like, no brands?” said the younger-looking of the two. An elderly woman with a thick German accent approached an executive, asking why the store did not carry strudel. “It is strudel season!” she insisted. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “There is a little bit of an education that comes along with shopping the store,” Mr. Persohn said. Analysts and industry executives say that bargain shopping, which became a necessity during the recession, is now attracting all kinds of shoppers. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “With the recession, the concept of shame has gone out the window,” Mr. Fuselier, the urban-grocery investor, said. “People don’t really worry about going to a discounter.” A version of this article appears in print on March 30, 2011, on Page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Wal-Mart No, Aldi Yes?. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Truth. It’s hard to find. But easier with 1000+ journalists looking. Subscribe to The Times. Basic $2.75/week Billed as $143 every year Get basic Basic Digital Access includes: Access to NYTimes.com and all NYTimes apps Unlimited article access, anytime, anywhere Learn more ► All Access $3.75/week Billed as $195 every year Get All Access Includes everything in Basic, plus: Times Insider Access, including behind-the-scenes stories, exclusive events, podcasts, and e-books 1 complimentary digital subscription to give anyone you'd like Learn more ► Home Delivery + All Access $6.93/week Billed as $360 every year Get Home Delivery Includes everything in All Access, plus: Customized delivery options such as Sunday only, Fri.-Sun., weekday delivery, or daily delivery The weekly Sunday magazine and monthly T Magazine 2 complimentary digital subscriptions to give anyone you'd like Learn more ► *Home delivery price based on Sunday delivery. Prices vary based on delivery location and frequency. What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Arent Fox Partner Convicted of Insider Trading Brian Baxter New York Law Journal CONTINUE German Prosecutors Raid Jones Day Offices Brian Baxter The AmLaw Daily When it Comes to Law Firm Clients, Metrics Matter More Than You Think Ian Lopez Legaltech News In Dissent, Gorsuch Was Tough on Regulators and Skeptical of Legislative History Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal Davis Polk Hong Kong Capital Markets Star to Leave Anna Zhang The Asian Lawyer Ho-Hum Hiring for Recent Batch of Law School Graduates › News The 2017 Go-To Law Schools By ALM Staff|The National Law Journal News Summer Associate Hiring Was Flat in 2016 Expert Opinion Looking to Move On? Get to Know the Best Hiring Cycles In-Depth Analysis In Shift, More SCOTUS Clerks Seek Jobs Outside the Beltway Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS So You Want to Be a Hot-Shot Divorce Lawyer Vivia Chen, The Careerist Client Data in the Age of Digital Technologies and Cyber Warfare Tinamarie Feil Law Journal Newsletters Chimp Advocate Doggedly Pursues Animal Rights Andrew Denney New York Law Journal Vinson & Elkins China Head Leaves for Dechert Anna Zhang The Asian Lawyer Dozens of Companies Await SCOTUS Ruling on Workplace Class-Action Bans Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal Quinn, MoFo Already Crossing Swords in Driverless Car Case Scott Graham The Recorder This Factor Is Drawing Increasing Scrutiny in Class Action Settlements Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal Popular     U.S. News Law School Rankings Are Good News for Northwestern, Bummer for Berkeley In Speech Notes, Neil Gorsuch Painted a Dark Picture of Litigation The 2017 Go-To Law Schools Yahoo Names Arthur Chong New General Counsel Where Are the Asian-American Partners? PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Using Background Checks to Hire and Retain Employees Bryance Metheny Litigation in Twitter Nation: When You Can and Can’t Tweet in #Court L. David Russell, Christopher C. Chiou and Sean D. Nelson Minimizing Distraction: Jurors in the Age of Technology Eric Rosen MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Real Estate Gazette: focus on shopping centers This issue focuses on shopping centers and the myriad legal issues flowing from their construction and operation. Download Reducing ozone regulation costs under the new US administration New administration offers opportunity for engagement on attainment status and to reduce potential compliance costs of 2015 ozone standards. Download Should a Modern Slavery Act be introduced in Australia? On 15 February 2017, Australia’s Attorney-General requested a parliamentary committee to enquire into and report on the introduction of a Modern Slavery Act in Australia. Download Importance of patents in Chinese pharmaceutical tendering China has a complicated and unique tendering system for drugs – and patents play an important role in almost every tender. Download Fire when ready – parliament gives the government permission to pull the Article 50 trigger On 13 March, Parliament passed the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill, giving the government power to formally begin the Brexit process. Download Guidance on Minimum Energy Efficiency Standard published The government has published the long-awaited guidance on the Minimum Energy Efficiency Standard for non-domestic properties. Download Companies should review staffing structures after confusion over self-employment status Companies should urgently review the status of freelance workers following the Budget and recent court cases involving the “gig economy”. Download Headscarf ban is not discriminatory In the case of Achbita v G4S Secure Solutions, the European Court of Justice has held that the dismissal of a Muslim employee for wearing a hijab at work did not constitute direct religious discrimination. Download Budget 2017 - Transfers to overseas pension schemes The introduction of a new tax charge that will apply to certain transfers to Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Schemes will require action by trustees of UK occupational pension schemes. Download How to improve human rights policies in international football More than six years ago, FIFA awarded the World Cup 2022 to Qatar. Even today the discussion on this largely criticized decision has not yet stopped. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Using Background Checks to Hire and Retain Employees Litigation in Twitter Nation: When You Can and Can’t Tweet in #Court Minimizing Distraction: Jurors in the Age of Technology A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
TechWhack Review Best Sites Here Walmart Online: What Can Their Official Site Do For You? March 10, 2017 By Harsh Leave a Comment The name of Walmart conjures up colossal images of retail stores and big spending. This supermarket chain may indeed be the biggest and most popular in the United States, making it a multi-billion dollar sales machine. Since its founding back in 1962, Walmart has went from small time supermarket sells to big time supermarket domination. It would be difficult to find an American who has not shopped here (and perhaps impossible to find an American who couldn’t tell you what Walmart is). Today, you can find a Walmart in any major city in the United States and Canada, and the supermarket’s major success lays predominantly within the fact that it sells almost anything. From home goods to furniture, pet products to the most miscellaneous of items, almost any item can be found within the giant walls of a Walmart store. But all this is the physical world. What about Walmart online? From the four large walls to the limitless walls of the internet, Walmart has brought its services online. Like any modern enterprise, this supermarket giant is now sweeping revenue from online services. Furthermore, millions of people are benefiting from the overall ease that a website can bring, as opposed to physical shopping. The official website allows you to shop for all, if not more, items than you would find in a regular Walmart store. There are many more perks to doing your shopping with their official site, which we will now outline in more depth with this review. What follows is a clear look at the official Walmart website, in which we have scanned all areas and drawn out all the good bits (and the bad bits, if any). Hopefully, we should have you up and shopping online in no time. Walmart Online: What Can Their Official Site Do For You? Do I Have To Sign Up In Order To Shop With Their Site? In order to purchase anything from their official website, you must sign up for an account. You can sign up for free by either clicking on ‘My Account’ at the top of page and then ‘Create An Account’. Alternatively, if you’re attempting to purchase an item without an account, Walmart will prompt you to sign up. Creating an account should only take a few seconds – enter your basic details and you’re good to go. Free Movie Can I Use Their Website If I Do Not Reside In the United States Or Canada? If you do not reside in North America, particularly in the United States, you may not be able to shop with Walmart online. Their website only ships items to all 50 US states, APO/FPO military addresses, American Samoa, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands. Although there are Walmart stores in both Canada and Mexico, the Walmart site does not ship to these countries. Full shipping information can be found on their website – ‘Get To Know Us’ – ‘About Walmart.com’ – ‘International Ordering/Shipping Restrictions’. Free Movie Download What Are the Benefits Of Using Their Website As Opposed To Shopping In Real Life? The following headings are just some benefits to using the website as opposed to shopping in their stores. Find A Local Store Near You One of the negative aspects to using a website is the loss of feeling personal, or not shopping locally. However, you can find a local store near you by using the website. By typing your zip code, the Walmart website will track down all the nearest Walmart stores to you and all their vital information, such as opening closing times, address and distance. Watch Anime Purchase Online Gift Cards Gift cards are always nice to have in your pocket. Through the website, you can buy large amounts on a gift card and give it to someone special to ease the price tag. Sales One of the best things about using the website is that you can clearly view all the available items on sale. The official site will display all items which are for sale under Walmart as a whole, therefore not just items for sale within your local store. You can find the clearance and roll back sections on the website’s homepage. 123 movies Track Orders Once you have ordered from the website, you can track your item’s delivery through your account. The advantages of this are obvious, for it beats not knowing where your order is, which is what most other online sites may give you. Great Delivery Options One of the main hooks that the website displays is the free 2-day delivery option. However, there are some restrictions that apply to this service. Your order must be placed before 2pm on a weekday, your order must cost more than $35, and the service only applies to certain items. You can also purchase your items online and then pick them up at the store later that day, or 2 days later. Full information can be found in ‘Customer Services’ – ‘Store Pickup’ at the bottom of the page. putlockers Walmart Grocery This is another fantastic feature on the site. With the grocery section, you can select all your organic foods and have them delivered to you on the same day. Enter your zip code first to see if the service can work for you, and then simply get shopping. There Might Be More Items Online Than In Your Local Store Of course, one of the major benefits to this site is that you may find items that are available on the website, but not in your local store. Free Music Downloads Return Policies Items can be returned by either mail or to your local Walmart store. One very important aspect is that your item(s) must be in the original packaging. Otherwise, you will not qualify for a return or a refund. For full information on all item returns, visit the ‘Returns Policy’ page featured on ‘Customer Services’ at the bottom of the page. Conclusion All in all, if you’re already a regular shopper at Walmart, their website is worth a try. You will find many benefits when using their site. +1 Share Share Pin1 Filed Under: Review Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Search The Site LEGAL DISCLOSURE Home Best Sites Review Tips & Tricks Contact Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Watch Movies Online Free Best Dubbed Anime sites 123movies.is Free Movie Download Sites All rights are reserved. All the content and images belong to their respective owner. We have all the rights to modify & edit any comment which is found to be spammy or abusive. Pages About Contact Legal Disclosure PRIVACY POLICY SiteMap- User Friendly sitemap For Visitors Copyright © 2017 TechWhack.com +1 Share Share Pin1
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for ajc.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on AJC.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Our Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC.com Get Atlanta's News Now AJC access ATL Find Fun Things to Do myAJC Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper Read Today's Paper AJC Jobs Contact Us 47 39 5 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 47 39 5 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home NEWS close subnav open subnav All News News Video Local News Education Business Politics Technology Nation & World Crime & Safety Offbeat Atlanta Weather Atlanta Pollen Count NEWS BLOGS AJC Investigations Political Insider Get Schooled IN THE NEWS Atlanta Watering Restrictions Traffic: Construction Alert Ga. Public School Ratings Atlanta Gas Prices SPORTS close subnav open subnav All Sports College Basketball Braves Falcons Hawks Atlanta United High Schools Georgia Tech Georgia Colleges UGA / DawgNation SEC Country Sports Video AJC Peachtree Road Race BUY STUFF AJC Store SPORTS BLOGS Recruiting Falcons Hawks IN THE NEWS Sports Scores Golf NASCAR NEIGHBORHOOD close subnav open subnav All Neighborhood Newcomer's Guide Buckhead Decatur Buford Peachtree City Gwinnett County Intown Atlanta Marietta Roswell Sandy Springs Smyrna COUNTY NEWS Clayton County Cobb County DeKalb County Gwinnett County IN THE NEWS Living Northside Living Intown LIFE close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrities Home & Garden Weddings & Celebrations Health Travel Parenting Movies & TV Home Design Ideas Arts & Culture Food & Drink Music LIFE BLOGS Best of Atlanta Atlanta Restaurants Atlanta Shopping IN THE NEWS Spring in Atlanta Games AJC Peachtree Road Race THINGS TO DO close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Spring in Atlanta Events in Atlanta Best of Atlanta Arts & Culture Movie Showtimes Radio & TV Food & Drink Music Shopping Games Blogs Atlanta Restaurants Music Scene Arts & Culture In the News Upcoming Movies Living Intown: BeltLine Horoscopes MORE close subnav open subnav Newsletters Customer Care Contact the AJC Shopping Games Obituaries Homefinder AJC Jobs AJC Cars Kudzu Celebrating Nurses AJC Cup AJC ePaper  Today's Buzz Buzz Blog Radio & TV Talk News to Me Inside AJC Movie Theaters Atlanta's Top Workplaces Find a Garage Sale AJC Store close subnav open subnav Storefront 47 39 Atlanta, GA  30303 5 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts AJC Store Homefinder Atlanta Jobs Find A Car Classifieds Obituaries Family-placed Notices Contact Us/Subscribe Customer Care Advertise With Us Digital Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out 5-foot dead shark found in parking lot of Florida Walmart 0 5-foot dead shark found in parking lot of Florida Walmart 0 John Engle wokv.com 12:54 p.m Thursday, March 9, 2017 Atlanta News 0 News ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. A 5-foot dead shark was found last week in the parking lot of a Walmart in St. Augustine, Florida, according to the St. Johns County Sheriff’s Office. >> Read more trending stories Deputies told WOKV that the shark was found by the owner of an RV who was staying in the parking lot. The man said he heard a loud noise around 7:30 a.m. March 3, but thought it came from store employees pushing carts. The man told deputies that he got out of his RV to go to work and saw the shark on the vehicle’s hood. He took the shark off his RV, put it on the ground and went to work. >> Read more Floridoh! stories Officers from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission were called to the scene and picked up the shark for disposal. According to an incident report, deputies reviewed surveillance footage from the store, but the location where the shark was found is not in view. View Comments 0 Sign up for e-newsletters Want more news? Sign up for free e-newsletters to get more of AJC delivered to your inbox. Most Read April the giraffe birth: Latest updates, YouTube live feed Man convicted of shooting ex-wife to death 2 men accused in multiple Waffle House robberies in metro Atlanta Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 43 30303 2 5 Most Read April the giraffe birth: Latest updates, YouTube live feed 2 men accused in multiple Waffle House robberies in metro Atlanta Man convicted of shooting ex-wife to death Things To Do Add Event + See More More from ajc.com Topics News Sports Neighborhoods Life Things to do Blogs More Politics SonnyWatch: Perdue’s confirmation hearing date set Martin Shkreli musical gets Off-Broadway run in New York ‘Once Upon a Time’ boss teases big Rumple reveal ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ star Sarah Drew talks surprise Japril moment Sports Wisconsin-Virginia Tech: live updates, score, stats, analysis from 2017 NCAA Tournament game... Sports Tennessee linebacker Colton Jumper: I learned about redshirt from online article Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports life neighborhoods shop things to do Shortcuts ajc obituaries family-placed notices classifieds homefinder atlanta jobs find your car manage your profile contact us customer care advertise with us digital products Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak myajc Fun game center Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic sitemap Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest PRODUCTS From The Atlanta Journal-Constitution AJC.com - Get Atlanta's News Now AJC Access Atlanta - Find Fun Things to Do myAJC - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper - Read Today's Paper Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inching towards nuclear war? It's terrifying. North Korea's use of missiles threatens a new global flashpoint which could suck in South Korea, China, Japan and the US Now White House says Obama might have asked BRITISH spies to give him transcripts of Trump's calls - earning furious rebuke from UK intelligence who call claim 'untrue and frankly absurd' Give, us a pass, Donald! Irish Prime Minister lobbies Trump to let country's 50,000 illegal immigrants in U.S stand in the light' Florida prosecutor removed from high profile cop-killing case by Governor Rick Scott after she publicly said she would NEVER seek the death penalty  Two Secret Service agents being investigated for 'taking selfies with Donald Trump's eight-year-old grandson while he slept in a car' Sean Hannity 'pulled a GUN on liberal commentator Juan Williams and even aimed the red laser sight at his body' after fiery interview at Fox News studios How YOU can stay safe from Russian hackers: Experts reveal the simple rules  to safeguard email accounts Google's Home smart speaker under fire for playing Beauty and the Beast promos (but firm says its not an ad, it's a 'partner sharing their tales') EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment against her for $200,000 debts - as Dean McDermott declares 'I've fallen on hard times'  US officials insist Navy SEAL raid in Yemen was not leaked in advance though they admit the terrorists were shockingly combat ready  Fetanyl is one of the most dangerous drugs in the world, UN declares as it adds the opioid to list of controlled substances EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion that has remained untouched since the Star Wars legend's shock death and may be now be turned into a museum USA Gymnastics president resigns amid claims he ignored concerns about team doctor who 'sexually abused little girls from the age of 12 while pretending to give them pelvic exams' Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night Tahiti resort owned by Marlon Brando for a MONTH The mysterious machine that means ONLY Apple can fix some parts of an iPhone: Calibration gadget in every Apple store pictured for the first time  'Next time it's going to be fire': African American family forced to flee small Minnesota town after thugs spray paint their home with racist graffiti and leaving threatening note behind Kansas basketball star tipped for March Madness glory is accused of threatening to 'beat' a player on the women's team and vandalizing her car 'London Bridge is down': Secret code UK civil servants will use before the public is told the Queen is dead is revealed along with what happens next  How cheddar and cream cheese could give you breast cancer: Eating too much can raise the risk by 50 per cent Incredible moment a 'kidnapped' woman jumps from the trunk of a moving car to escape 'attacker who snatched her at gunpoint' Super humans who are sexier, stronger and smarter will arrive by 2029 as brains begin to fuse with machines, Google expert claims Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan about to shoot and kill man who was beating up cop in middle of the road Christian pastor discovers a giant 706-carat diamond in Sierra Leone which could be the 10th largest EVER found and worth more than $60 MILLION  Teenager, 14, finds 7.44 carat diamond in an Arkansas state park - the seventh largest ever found in the area  Previous Next Dead five-foot-long shark is found inside a shopping cart in a Walmart parking lot in Florida An assistant manager at a Florida Walmart discovered five-foot-long dead shark  Police responded to store's parking lot where they found shark in shopping cart  An owner of an RV parked nearby told police he heard strange noises outside  And when he woke up, he found shark on the hood of his RV and placed it in cart Police said another shark was found in a resident's driveway nearby on same day By Valerie Edwards For Dailymail.com and Associated Press Published: 12:47 EDT, 9 March 2017 | Updated: 12:55 EDT, 9 March 2017 e-mail 171 shares 32 View comments The discovery of a five-foot-long dead shark left in a shopping cart in the parking lot of a Florida Walmart has baffled police, who just hours before found another dead shark in a nearby driveway.  St Johns County Sheriff's deputies responded to a call about the sea creature last week after an assistant manager at the Walmart off of the US 1 highway reported it on Friday afternoon, according to the St Augustine Record.  The manager told the deputies she didn't want to throw the animal in the trash so she called authorities instead. The discovery of a five-foot-long dead shark (pictured) left in a shopping cart in the parking lot of a Florida Walmart has baffled police who just hours before found another dead shark in a nearby driveway. St Johns County Sheriff's deputies responded to a call about the sea creature (pictured) last week after an assistant manager at the Walmart reported it on Friday afternoon. The manager told police she didn't want to throw the animal in the trash so she called police instead The incident happened just hours after another dead shark was found in a Vilano Beach resident's driveway nearby. Deputies talked to the owner of an RV parked nearby and learned that the man had woken to find the shark on his vehicle's hood.  The owner said he then put the shark in the cart and left.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Jaws-dropping! Brave divers swim up to a stricken shark... The fish that flies! Incredible moment an eagle ray leaps... Share this article Share Police viewed surveillance tapes to figure out who dropped off the shark, but the cameras didn't show that part of the parking lot, according to First Coast News.  Police said the owner of the RV is from West Virginia and had been in the area looking for work.   Deputies called in the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission to dispose of the shark. Authorities said it's unclear how the dead sharks ended up in the two locations.   The incident happened at this Walmart just hours after another dead shark was found in a Vilano Beach resident's driveway nearby. Deputies called in the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission to dispose of the shark Read more: SHARK IN A SHOPPING CART? Store employee reports unusual catch | St. Augustine Record How does a dead shark end up outside a St. Augustine Walmart? | Firstcoastnews.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 171 shares Most watched News videos Homeless man brought to tears following incredible transformation Dancing Prince seen talking to mystery woman at Verbier party Little girl is overcome with emotion as her dad meets her from school Train ploughs snow as it pulls into New York station Good samaritan saves police deputy by shooting his attacker Will's got the love! Prince William dances the night away CCTV footage shows final movements of Danielle McLaughlin Metro security guard fatally shoots suspected robber at bank in Rockford Epic punch-up between young men and women in fast food place Prince William dances the night away in a club in Verbier Moment BBC crew get caught in chaos of Mount Etna eruption Gang brutally beats man in Brooklyn chicken shop Homeless Spanish man, 55, breaks down in tears after... McHack attack: McDonald's blames compromised Twitter... Man suspected of murdering British woman in Goa is taken... Now pulling into the station, storm Stella! Mesmerizing... 'I see daddy!' Little girl is overwhelmed with emotion as... The tiny girl murdered by ISIS who brought a... Pictured: The 17-year-old obsessed with comic books and... The terrifying moment BBC film crew are pelted with... 'This is the worst purchase I've ever made': Couple's... 'Marion for president': Internet goes wild over the... Teenager who starved to death 'after being neglected by... Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan... ‘F*** me dead it's legit': Students are stunned when... The hottest ticket in town! Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1... Mother is arrested on suspicion of murder after her... Sturgeon lets rip at 'undemocratic' Theresa May as PM... Schoolgirl, 11, is mortified when Starbucks barista gives... High-heeled clubber SMACKS man and sparks burger bar... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 32 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The royal treatment! Prince Albert of Monaco's daughter Jazmin Grace Grimaldi packs on PDA with boyfriend Ian Mellencamp in LA Smoking hot romance! Adriana Lima lights up before packing on PDA with bad boy NY Mets pitcher Matt Harvey... after splitting with Julian Edelman Staying fit for each other! Jennifer Lopez hits Miami gym with beau A-Rod as it's revealed 'her twins Max and Emme have already met ex Yankees star' Mommy on duty! Candice Swanepoel takes a break from her high fashion shoot in Brazil to breastfeed son Anaca...while rocking a LBD It's getting ugly! Rob Kardashian 'fights for dual custody of daughter Dream with Kris Jenner's support... but Blac Chyna is pushing back' Not again! Kardashian's Los Angeles' DASH store vandalized... nine months after a failed firebombing attempt Someone graffitied it  EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion... which may be turned into a museum The Star Wars actress died on December 27  Ivanka back in DC for morning school run and meeting with Latina business owners after night out in NYC with Justin Trudeau at Broadway opening Hopper Penn admits secret battle with crystal meth addiction and reveals that dad Sean Penn gave him a 'rehab or bus bench' ultimatum  EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment for $188,800 loan and $17,000 from overdrawn checking account  'I'd go blank': Cole Sprouse was so 'infatuated' with Jennifer Aniston when playing David Schwimmer's son on Friends he'd forget his lines Shaq surprises dog attack survivor, five, and furnishes her home in time for her release from the hospital two months after brutal mauling that killed friend The Weeknd rents out cinema screening of Get Out for a romantic date night with Selena Gomez in his hometown Toronto  Things are heating up  Catch a 'haunted hangover' movie, wander the Malibu cliffs and sip flaming margaritas: How to do Los Angeles as a couple SPONSORED  Kylie Jenner proudly shows off her bling on Snapchat... just before Kendall had $200k worth of jewelry stolen Flashed a set of massive rings  She's a boho babe! Malin Akerman goes hippie chic as she steps out with son Sebastian days after going public with new actor beau Jack Donnelly 'We're all very excited': Jessica Hall of Kendra On Top reveals she is expecting baby number two with husband Pregnant by her husband Kyle Clarkson 'It's about 25 percent of their income': Kim, Kourtney, and Khloe Kardashian make SIX FIGURES for a sponsored post on social media Chad Michael Murray wears a smart blue suit as he talks about going nude on his new TV series Sun Records Wore a form-fitting suit to plug the show  Counting down to baby! Irina Shayk and Bradley Cooper leave gym together after enjoying baby shower celebrating impending arrival Exciting times  'She did it for fame': Mama June's estranged daughter Anna 'Chickadee' Cardwell says the reality icon lost weight only to get another TV show 'I thought about getting my t*****s done': Mama June tells surgeon she wants boob job after revealing she's down to 199lbs in From Not To Hot clip Revealed: The REAL reason that Princess Diana ditched THOSE unflattering '80s ruffles and puffy sleeves for a more streamlined silhouette  Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya reveals she is expecting baby number two with boyfriend Nevin Millan Showed off her test  Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin FINALLY sell their NYC penthouse after $4million cut and a year on the market Congratulations are in order for for friendly exes Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night Tahiti resort owned by Marlon Brando for a MONTH Hostess with the mostest! Tyra Banks returning as host of America's Next Top Model... after being named as Nick Cannon's replacement on AGT She can't Let It Go! Elsa Hosk channels Frozen namesake as she bundles up in icy blue fur coat against bitter NYC weather Fighting the cold  Now that's a Full House! Lori Loughlin lists neo-Mediterranean Bel-Air mansion for $35 MILLION  Is quite the renovation queen She's at it again! Ariel Winter shares yet another eye-popping Instagram photo as she flaunts her pert derriere in swimsuit while against LA skyline Transgender bride who will appear on Say Yes to the Dress admits she didn't think she would be able to have a 'normal' bridal shopping experience  Harmonica legend 'Mr Superharp' James Cotton dies of pneumonia aged 81 Blues harmonica legend James Cotton has died of pneumonia. Justin Bieber attends Hillsong conference before buying a round of beers at a local bar in Sydney as police are called after he's accosted by fans Jennifer Garner testifies on Capitol Hill about early childhood education... days after Ben Affleck revealed he went to rehab for alcohol addiction Arise Prince Akeem! Eddie Murphy 'working on a sequel to hit 1988 comedy Coming to America' The comedian is in the early stages Barefoot Contessa Ina Garten lists her Upper East Side pied-à-terre for nearly $2 million after upgrading to a bigger apartment just blocks away 'I have the most ­beautiful girlfriend in the world': Liam Payne discusses pregnant Cheryl for the FIRST time as they prepare for the birth of their child From sampling wild meat to watching movies in a graveyard, the cool and crazy things you didn't know you could do in LA  SPONSORED Ronnie Wood, 69, cuddles up to glam wife Sally, 39, as she parties with stepdaughter-in-law Fearne Cotton, 35, at charity gala Looked in good spirits  Anthony Bourdain reveals he had no savings until he was 44 and skipped paying taxes for ten YEARS as he blew money on weed and luxury vacations Beauty and the best: As St. Patrick's Day approaches, get inspired by gorgeous GREEN eye make-up moments seen on stars like Rihanna Chelsea Clinton cashes in on Elizabeth Warren rally cry with new children's book 'She Persisted' after her global health tome is massive flop She's not alone! Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie vacations in Hawaii with little sister Cortney Erin who stuns in a hot pink bathing suit TLC's The Willis Family patriarch Toby Willis, 46, arraigned in Tennessee on four counts of child rape stemming from incident 12 years ago  He pleaded not guilty  Swedish singer Tove Lo shocks by boldly flashing her bare breasts to the crowd as she kicks off her shoes during very sassy show in Manchester Friends star Matthew Perry reveals that he got into a fight with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau when they were at school together  'How could they not even know her name?' Dirty Dancing's Jennifer Grey breaks down into tears as she learns of tragic ancestry on Who Do You Think You Are?  Romain Dauriac steps out with daughter Rose in NYC while estranged wife Scarlett Johansson promotes new film in Japan amid custody battle  Feeling lucky? With help from Olivia Palermo and Emily Ratajkowski, FEMAIL reveals the easiest way to wear green on St. Patrick's Day Sneak peek! Check out the elegant and affordable Victoria Beckham for Target collection for women and children before its release on April 9 Sexy Sixties' ice queen Charlotte Rampling thaws... but only a little  The British actress is known for her outspoken views and was an icon of the 1960s  She's a Vanderpump fan! Stylish Halle Berry enjoys lunch with male companion at reality star Lisa's restaurant Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills Mane attraction! Vanessa Hudgens shows off new extensions during horseback riding lessons in LA But kept them in check  Spring fever! Head buyer at Revolve - the trailblazing retailer loved by Hailey Baldwin and Olivia Culpo - shares with FEMAIL the season's hottest trends Strong mommy! Lethal Weapon star Jordana Brewster carries her son Julian in just one arm during coffee run in LA Raven-haired beauty  Hoda Kotb shares first photo of  longtime beau Joel Schiffman playing with her baby girl Haley Joy - after revealing her adopted daughter will call him 'Dad' Hitting her stride! Katie Holmes wears SNEAKERS with satin velvet gown right after attending The Kennedys After Camelot premiere  Gave heels a miss Johnny Manziel poses for romantic engagement photo in front of the Eiffel Tower with his Instagram model girlfriend Bre Tiesi 'I made a big mistake': Kathy Hilton expresses her regret over Jennifer Aniston tweet which wrongly claimed actress was pregnant with a baby girl Fast friends! Former Olympic skater Nancy Kerrigan hugs ballroom partner Artem Chigvintsev during break from their DWTS rehearsal Tara Reid puckers up to pal Dean May in LA nightclub on night out after they were axed from Marriage Boot Camp for faking their relationship Saturday Night Live announces Sean Spicer herself Melissa McCarthy will return to host in May - and their final four episodes will air live for all Frantic Kendall Jenner calls 911 over burglary fears after discovering $200k of jewelry missing from Hollywood Hills home... but 'cops suspect inside job'  Bruce Willis takes his young family to Disney World in Orlando as wife Emma Heming reveals the Die Hard tough guy is really a softie at heart  He's looking good at 61 Trump family tell-all: Ivana writing memoir of 'unfiltered personal stories' about her three children, 'whirlwind romance' with Donald and escaping to the US VIP on set! Suri Cruise had her own director chair while mom Katie Holmes filmed Kennedys miniseries... and even got hair and makeup done A life of service: Queen Elizabeth, 90, pauses for a moment of quiet reflection as she admires Army uniform she wore as a young princess during WWII 'Snow and bear snuggles': Victoria's Secret model Candice Swanepoel poses with baby son Anacã in post-storm New York City 'First day doing my cardiac rehab': The Biggest Loser host Bob Harper, 51, returns to working out one month after suffering heart attack Braless Bella Thorne flashes her nipple piercing in revealing flesh-colored top as she she debuts her new Gothic look and choppy hairdo EXCLUSIVE: First picture of ex-boyfriend Mischa Barton claims secretly filmed their sex sessions and accuses of shopping the X-rated video to porn companies 'She could be in prison!' Reese Witherspoon brainstorms ideas for Elle Woods in Legally Blonde 3 Tempted do do another 'That's for sure': Director James Gunn confirms there will be Guardians of the Galaxy 3 but hints that he may not be directing the latest episode Karolina Kurkova goes bananas during photo shoot in Miami as she seductively eats fruit for the camera She had fun during a break from modeling  Ferry Cross The Mersey singer Gerry Marsden, 74, collapses onstage during gig with band the Pacemakers four years after his last heart surgery operation  Kaley Cuoco's ex boyfriend Johnny Galecki hugs her new love Karl Cook on Big Bang Theory set Two men in her life getting on great Lena Dunham flaunts her incredible weight loss... as she delightedly Facetimes health buff Gwyneth Paltrow at Tracy Anderson's NYC studio launch New dad Kelsey Grammer, 62, beams as he escorts stunning wife Kayte, 36, to dinner at Craig's on a rare night off from parenting in Los Angeles Suited up! Robin Thicke looks sharp as he steps out for lunch with girlfriend April Love Geary  Taking mind off custody battle with trip to Nobu 'We're hanging out all the time!': Ryan Reynolds reveals he has stayed good friends with his Life co-star Jake Gyllenhaal as he hits GMA in NYC Worse-for-wear Kris Jenner, 61, bares her bra under sheer gold mini before risking flashing entire derriere after Kathy Hilton's raucous birthday bash 'I'm Terrified!' Isaac Hempstead-Wright admits he fears 'the end of gainful employment' as Game Of Thrones' final season creeps ever closer He could have shaved! James Corden wears Belle's gown to perform Beauty And The Beast on LA street with Josh Gad, Dan Stevens and Luke Evans Putting in the leg work! Gigi Hadid flashes skin in revealing all-white look as she struts through New York in thigh-high snake print boots  Larson-ing around! Brie can't contain her joy as she poses for selfies alongside Tom Hiddleson during Kong: Skull Island press conference in China Revealed: Game of Thrones' dragons will be the size of jumbo-jets as director Matt Shankman  promises beasts will be bigger than ever in season 7 Kendall Jenner flaunts figure in crop top and thigh-grazing mini for new fashion campaign... as it's revealed she has been victim of $200k jewelry theft 'I was depressed, anxious and didn't feel good enough': Selena Gomez wears ab-baring two-piece for Vogue... as she reveals loneliness  led to meltdown Leonardo DiCaprio's 'former flame' Roxy Horner is beautiful in bridal couture as she teams a gorgeous lace dress with trainers for photoshoot Battling the elements! Bella Hadid bundles up for snowy outing in black fur coat and tight jeans  The 20-year-old was spotted in New York  'Meow!': Khloe Kardashian plays the part of sex kitten in her silk leopard-print pajamas after gushing over beau Tristan Thompson Save Sesame Street! Public broadcasting funder says Trump plan to ax its federal cash would 'devastate' programs for children and American history Obama travels to Marlon Brando's private Polynesian island to unwind (so is this where he and Michelle will write their $60million memoirs?)  What troubles? Scarlett Johansson shrugs off tension from divorce filing as she stuns in unusual teal gown at Ghost In The Shell Japan premiere Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel looks VERY different in punk shoot as she claims 'lack of diversity' on TV damaged her self-esteem as a child She must have backed a winner! Princess Anne, 66,  gets VERY animated as she cheers on the riders at the Cheltenham Festival in England Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1 fan Ivanka Trump skips her dad's rally to watch Canadian prime minister speak on Broadway as his special guest  Actress Rebecca Ferguson opts for pure elegance in biased-cut dress as she joins co-star Jake Gyllenhaal at Life photocall in London Lea Michele warns her exes might get 'Taylor Swifted' on her new album Places as she stops by The Ellen DeGeneres Show It's her second album 'I still haven't got to the punch line': Stephen Colbert roasts Rachel Maddow as she appears on Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show to defend her Trump tax 'scoop' EXCLUSIVE: 90s cult favorite Magic School Bus is back in a Netflix reboot starring Kate McKinnon - so what happened to the stars of the original show? 'He's matured so much': Busty aspiring musician Nyssa Large reveals Justin Bieber is 'lovely' after denying she was invited on his yacht for 'sexual favors' Bieber's burger stop! Justin stuns locals as he joins line at a Sydney McDonald's after trying Vegemite for the first time... following wild boat party with models  In the frame: Kate Moss leaves her London home in a stylish print suit... as her driver carries an encased photograph of her singing Male model reveals how he went from Virginia Tech hoops star to partying with Rita Ora and LIVING in a five-star hotel (but says he still can't get a date!) NEW videos from Prince William's big night out show royal putting arm round waist of mystery woman, stealing model's hat and hugging the DJ Braless Elle Fanning suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as she flashes more than expected in pretty summer dress ahead of casting call  What a Fox! Actress Megan displays her drool-inducing curves in a range of sexy lingerie as she lends her talents to scintillating ad campaign Sexy sweat session! Inseparable duo A-Rod and Jennifer Lopez work out as she dons mesh top which reveals plunging neon sports bra She's golden! Curvy model Iskra Lawrence flaunts her VERY ample derriere in sparkling high-waisted pants as she enjoys night out in London Tubby bye bye! It's 20 years since the Teletubbies first bounced on to our screens and their iconic home is now UNDERWATER Putting workshy Wills to shame? Prince Harry carries out a second day of royal duties as his brother continues to feel the heat over his ski trip to Switzerland   Everyone's a winner! It's smiles all round for royal racing fans as Princess Anne, Zara and Mike Tindall are snapped looking jubilant at Cheltenham  Not The Simple Life! Makeup-free Nicole Richie dabs her face with a towel following sweaty workout at LA gym as she flaunts her slender pins in leggings 'The way he talks gives me butterflies': Paris Hilton looks sexy in a plunging swimsuit as she gushes about boyfriend Chris Zylka after Mexican break Former frenemies NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak 'set for dramatic return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta as they reach negotiation stage' Katie Holmes looks stylish in vintage silk and lace blush gown at the premiere of her new TV mini-series The Kennedys After Camelot 'I hope she gets to make that movie': Beauty And The Beast's Bill Condon responds after Lindsay Lohan pitches him as director for The Little Mermaid A teenage dream come true? Almost! Steelers fan wins a prom date with her favorite NFL player - but now her school's age limit could stop him from going Not very macrobiotic! Health buff Madonna, 58, ditches the diet as she gorges on potato chips while announcing that she's searching for new fitness trainer Birthday girl Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her lean legs in white shorts as she celebrates her inner child with her family at Disneyland Megyn Kelly STILL negotiating exit from Fox News says her rep despite network statement that she was released from her contract last week  Missing the Beverly Hill sunshine? Lisa Rinna bundles up for outing with Harry Hamlin and model daughter Delilah in snowy New York City Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles goes braless as she wears sexy purple top with matching loin-cloth hotpants and thigh-highs to perform gig  Prince Harry meets military hero who survived being torched by Iraqi mob (who has now got an even better red beard than the prince!) He really IS a dedicated follower of fashion! Kinks singer Sir Ray Davies looks stylish to get his knighthood from Prince Charles in London Superhero in training! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina attend karate class together... one day after alcohol rehab revelation  Back to being a dad  Karolina Kurkova channels Lady Gaga in a decadent hot pink prom dress for a Harper's Bazaar shoot... before suggestively eating a banana Chad Michael Murray nearly bares it all in nude Sun Records clip as he heads to NYC to promote the CMT series days after birth of his daughter Taking care of business! Kris Jenner chats on cell phone... as she steps out following claims Caitlyn will accuse her of 'keeping Bruce in the closet' Drew Barrymore steps up the plate as new narrator of First Dates as she and fellow producer Ellen DeGeneres transport the UK hit Stateside Mischa Barton takes out restraining orders against the TWO former boyfriends she claims are trying to sell a sex tape of her for $500,000 'Bottoms up!': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie sips a Bloody Mary while modeling her impressive bikini body during Hawaiian vacation FIRST LOOK: Eddie Redmayne transforms into caveman as he goes to battle with Tom Hiddleston's villainous character in animated movie Early Man Keeping it simple! Queen Letizia of Spain is picture of pared back chic in a slim-fitting pant suit as she greets guests at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid A spring in her step! Britain's Queen Elizabeth beams as she is presented with flowers at the reopening of the National Army Museum in London Sexy ray of sunshine! Kendall Jenner is unmissable in a bright yellow outfit as she heads to a family lunch   Embraced Los Angeles' very warm spring Downton Abbey star Jessica Brown Findlay puts her ample assets on display in new film stills for 18th century prostitution drama Harlots Lamar Odom enjoys lunch with guys and assistant who bears striking resemblance to ex Khloe Kardashian The 37-year-old was spotted having lunch  Another day, another hat! Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall makes a glamorous entrance in a statement headpiece for her THIRD day at Cheltenham  Amanda Seyfried threatens legal action over leaked nude photos just a day after Emma Watson revealed her personal pictures had been stolen  Still got it! Nancy Kerrigan returns to the ice for playful rehearsals with shirtless DWTS partner Artem Chigvintsev Rolled back the years  Consciously coupling! Gwyneth Paltrow 'plans on marrying' boyfriend Brad Falchuk who is set to propose 'soon' The 44-year-old 'plans on marrying' him Kesha shares an intimate bedroom selfie as she wears only a tank top and underwear on Instagram Positive body image Shaping up in Boston! Hometown hero Matt Damon greeted by students as he gets in workout at local college  Always got time to greet his fans Kourtney Kardashian shows off fab figure in white bodysuit and $2000 Gucci jogger pants while out in LA Reality star looked absolutely fantastic Designated Survivor star Kal Penn calls out Hollywood over racism... as he tweets scripts showing stereotype roles he auditioned for Unfortunate  Joanna Krupa arrives for Hollywood premiere of You Can't Have It after blasting no-show co-star Rob Gronkowski The reality star looked fab in a black gown 'Girls are magic': American Horror Story actress Lily Rabe and beau Hamish Linklater welcome baby daughter Cuddled up with her first child  Sharing her X-Files? Gillian Anderson looks spec-tacular as she heads to panel in NYC to discuss her new self-help book on power of women Belgium's Queen Mathilde, 44, shows off her trim waist in a belted green dress as she meets young people in Holsbeek to promote Week Of Care   Looking for some spare change? Playful Liv Tyler grins as she fishes through fiancé Dave Gardner's pockets at Cheltenham Festival in England Kate Beckinsale rocks leggings and baggy tank top as she steps out with daughter Lily, 18, in Beverly Hills Lily, 18, also wore black leggings 'This guy knows right when to give a gal a call': Dave Chapelle cheers up Amy Schumer via FaceTime... as she battles online trolls over ratings 'It gets better than this': Chloe Grace Moretz unveils poignant new tattoo under her breast... days after chopping and bleaching her hair All woman! Ashley Graham sparkles in figure-hugging dress and silver heels as she is honored at Urban Arts event Sleeveless outfit  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson insists all is well with Perrie Edwards as they remain defiant in face of rift rumors... as bookies place odds of 4/1 for split She's her own best advert! Reese Witherspoon dons entire Draper James ensemble after make-up free morning workout routine Looked very happy  Zoe Kravitz, 28, stuns in black pant suit and golden top as she attends gala at The Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City Playful Rosario Dawson dispels her prim appearance as she hikes up her gown to flash her endless legs during Iron Fist NYC premiere Hubby and wife Emily Blunt and John Krasinski set to star together for the first time on the big screen in paranormal thriller A Quiet Place So You Think You Can Tan? Cat Deeley, 40, sports painful-looking sunburn as she heads home after salon appointment in Los Angeles  Looking good! Dascha Polanco makes a case for red being the new black at Netflix premiere for Spanish-language series in Miami Beach Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned tum in a crop top as she kisses her stylist goodbye in LA Said farewell to Maeve Reilly with a big kiss on the cheek 'That's the least I could do': John Legend had to be 'present and compassionate' during Chrissy Teigen's postpartum depression Had to be there  Dressed to kill! 1980s hitmaker Sheena Easton on her worst fashion faux-pas (but now she knows what to wear)  The 9 to 5 singer turns 58 next month That was quick! Vanessa Hudgens goes from a lob to long luscious tresses in just a few hours thanks to some new hair extensions Blac Chyna flashes the flesh in sexy new photo shoot ...as she continues 'amicable' co-parenting arrangement with ex Rob Kardashian 'I'm so proud of myself': Demi Lovato 'feeling humbled and joyful' as she celebrates five years of sobriety  Posed a screenshot proving her clean period  Giddy Kate Moss flashes her lace lingerie from beneath chic sheer top paired with androgynous pant suit for night on the town Sienna Miller steps out for the opening of Broadway musical Joan Of Arc: Into The Fire... after breaking her silence on split with Tom Sturridge Han Swole-O! Harrison Ford, 74, looks buff as he takes his classic car for a spin around Los Angeles  Driving around in a pine green vintage Jaguar Nicki Minaj flaunts her ample bosom in diamond bra and dress as Celine Dion reacts to lip-syncing performance of It's All Coming Back to Me Now Lucky Blue Smith's sister posts make-up-free selfie on Instagram and urges others to embrace their natural skin - after showing off blemishes 'Zen chilling!' Zoe Saldana shares adorable clip on Instagram of baby son enjoying gently rocking baby seat Shared the video  David Hasselhoff, 64, looks head over heels with his stunning fiancée Hayley Roberts, 36, as they enjoy romantic lunch date in Malibu Will The Crown's Philip have an affair? Show's writer suggests he will not shy away from controversial theory during the next series  Minefield of a storyline  'I'm crying!': Eva Longoria surprised with mariachi band from husband for her 42nd birthday after spending the day at Disneyland Shared several photos  Going strong! Paris Hilton and new boyfriend Chris Zylka hold hands at Los Angeles airport after romantic trip The 36-year-old socialite looked besotted Sister bonding time! Kylie and Kendall Jenner goof around with flip phones and filters on Snapchat Spending some quality time with each other Sir Patrick Stewart reveals he uses marijuana every day to help deal with debilitating arthritis symptoms  Sci-fi legend  Leah Remini's Scientology And The Aftermath is renewed for another season It seems to have been a clear ratings winner for the former member  Smooth getaway! Harry Styles looks in high spirits as he takes selfies with fans at New York airport... following bandmate Louis Tomlinson's LAX bust-up 'Very single': Mindy Kaling reveals her relationship status before determining ideal match in game of Who'd You Rather on Ellen Brutally honest  Wonderful in white! Olivia Culpo and Rachel Zoe match in light looks at LA fashion luncheon Celebrating the latest marketing campaign for Ugg boots  Shiny happy actress! Julianne Moore rocks tunic dress over thigh-high PVC boots at museum benefit in NYC Ensemble emphasized her slim frame Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley looks radiant in a flowing bardot top and matching trousers as she holds fashion luncheon in LA Low key and bra free! Jaime King opts for a laid back look as she treats herself to a coffee and some retail therapy  Headed out in Melrose Place It must be her fur-vorite! Keri Russell dons her familiar wintry hat for jaunt through snowy New York City Some New Yorkers were no doubt caught out  Mixing it up! Ashley Tisdale rocks chic sleeveless dress and elaborate studded booties after sweaty workout  Multi-talented star PICTURED: Ben Affleck dotes on son during outing with Jennifer Garner as he emerges for first time since secret rehab stint for alcohol abuse Mischa Barton describes how 'worst fear' was realized when she learned sex tape of her most 'intimate' moments was being shopped around  Going public! Newly engaged Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi enjoy first post-reveal date night... amid rumors duo have 'volatile relationship' The feud that won't die! Caitlyn Jenner will accuse Kris of 'pushing Bruce in the closet and asking him to suppress his true self' in new tell-all Hackers steal and post personal pictures of actresses Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried - but Harry Potter star denies nude photos in bath are her Prince wooed ex-wife Mayte at 16, adopted her at 17 and told her to go on birth control at 19 - while criticizing her style and docking her pay for gaining weight Prince's ex-wife opens up about the death of their severely disabled newborn son and how the singer left her the next day as she lay in bed cradling tot's ashes  'They organize to get my ratings down': Amy Schumer's Netflix comedy special panned in online reviews... and star blames alt-right trolls Ryan Reynolds is forced to pull out of British TV show after being stranded in NYC snow storm... as Jake Gyllenhaal gushes about their 'bromance' So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up? Justin Bieber appears to be morphing into Eminem with pop star sporting glasses amd peroxide hair  'It's top of my list!' Ed Sheeran admits the defining moment of his career was singing with Beyoncé... and reveals hopes for future collaboration 'It was the lowest point of my life': Jonathan Lipnicki talks anxiety and depression as he was bullied after Jerry Maguire role He's now 26 years old Wish the Avengers would assemble? Captain America's Chris Evans feels 'rage' and 'fury' at Donald Trump's presidency Says it's 'unbelievable'     DON'T MISS Meek Mill faces misdemeanor assault charge after St. Louis airport employee photo request sparks fight The 29-year-old rapper was detained by police New Heath Ledger documentary delving into the Aussie actor's life and death as told by his 'inner circle' is set to air in May Untold story  Victoria's Secret Angel Toni puts on a leggy display in thigh-skimming leather skirt as she attends Berlin launch of You Are Wanted 'I almost died': Kesha reveals she was in the brink before seeking help in rehab for eating disorder  Star had to take drastic action   Explained: The crippling genetic disorder that killed Prince and Mayte's son Amir just 7 days after his birth Had Pfeiffer syndrome  Stunner! Karolina Kurkova shows off her long legs as she models eye-catching outfits on Miami photo shoot Rocking some serious 1980s vibes Sister Wives star Mariah Brown goes public with new girlfriend after coming out as gay to her shocked Mormon parents on reality show Larsa Pippen's 'on-again' husband Scottie parties in Hollywood with a gaggle of women and leaves with a hot blonde Married for 20 years Radiant Angelina Jolie declares herself as a 'proud American' as she delivers speech on refugees at UN Office in Geneva... and is praised for her 'beautiful' talk  Making the beach the happiest place on earth! Swimwear brands debuts collection of bikinis inspired by Disney princesses, showcased by models Someone putting a smile on your dial?Rebel Wilson beams as she touches down at LAX after dining with a handsome mystery man Beaming bella  Did she secretly get married? Minnie Driver, 47, flashes gold band on wedding finger as she lunches with beau of three years Neville Wakefield, 54 'We're married!': RuPaul reveals he wed longtime partner Georges in secret ceremony earlier this year  Been together 23 years Azealia Banks avoids jail time by agreeing to anger management program in last-minute plea deal in bouncer breast-biting assault case EXCLUSIVE: David Cassidy's bankruptcy payment plan rejected by creditor who says the actor could still go on Dancing with the Stars nd make millions 'They have been ready for a while': Mary-Kate Olsen, 30, and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47, 'really want a baby'  The pair have been married for 15 months Debra Messing thanks 'brave' FDNY for heroically putting out 'roaring fire' next door that blew out windows of her $5.5m Upper East Side apartment FIRST LOOK: Ian McShane and hunky Ricky Whittle star in surreal and bloody trailer for American Gods  Watch a clip here 'I'm not leaving my wife for you...!' Joe Biden's daughter says former Vice President loves those Obama bromance memes - and reveals his all-time favorite Barack Obama hits the golf course at a country club in Hawaii as the former president and wife Michelle enjoy a surprise vacation in the aloha state Emilia Clarke is haunted by ghosts as she puts on a chilling performance in eerie Voice from the Stone trailer  Game of Thrones star  She's so rich she needs TWO purses! Honest Co creator Jessica Alba carries $4.6K Louis Vuitton bag and $1.2K Ralph Lauren crossbody in LA Jennifer Lopez takes break from A-Rod snuggles to work on her rock hard abs during solo fitness session in Bahamas  Looking good at age 47  True Beliebers! Sydney fans thank Justin Bieber for an 'amazing show' at the ANZ Stadium as he says it's 'best night of his life' THREE times Getting bad press  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez leave the Bahamas as it's revealed the couple 'definitely see a future together' Rita Ora steps out looking relieved in funky faux-fur jacket and leggings... after narrowly avoiding a 'drive by shooting' in London street Her life isn't always glamorous! Bella Hadid trudges through snow on chilly NYC street  The Vogue model looked like just another New Yorker Hell for leather! Basketball wives star Sundy Carter wears extremely risque dominatrix dress that flashes cleavage and bare derriere  Shady lady! As Gwen Stefani launches new styles of frames for her eyeglass and sunglass lines, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest specs for YOU to shop now EXCLUSIVE: RHOC's Alexa Curtin scores big victory against Orange County officer she alleges raped her after his department is told to turn over internal files  How Ruby Rose took the name of her boxing legend godfather Lionel and even honors him with a tattoo on her back - but his widow hasn't heard a word from her  'Everyone kept bringing me drinks!' Ireland Baldwin explains messy night out that left her nipple and underwear exposed Looked worse for wear  Not the best choice of footwear! Queen Maxima of the Netherlands almost TRIPS over in her towering heels in snowy Washington DC Looking for Somebody To Love? Justin Bieber runs up steps and into arms of a glamorous air hostess who welcomes him with a VERY warm smile as he boards jet EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie prepares to submit DNA sample to police in alleged rape case - days after exes had dinner together Tiffany Trump returns to snowy New York after spending two weeks on a romantic spring break trip in Belize with boyfriend Ross Mechanic A-listers in action! Kristen Stewart and John Legend lead list of celebrities lending their talents to music projects in aid of Planned Parenthood 'I've been hit. I couldn't walk': The Good Wife's Melissa George in tears over 'assault' by ex Jean-David Blanc and her attempts to flee Paris with their kids EXCLUSIVE: Inside the Swiss hotel where Prince William spent 'boys weekend' partying with blondes, and 'dad dancing' while Kate stayed home with kids Prince William is back to the daily grind as he returns to helicopter pilot job after boozing with topless model and hitting dancefloor in Switzerland  Life's a peach! Victoria's Secret model Devon Windsor parades her pert posterior as she strips off to reveal patterned thong bikini at Miami Beach Dynasty actress Linda Evans, 74, was busted for DUI and was able to keep it secret for nearly three years Star of the 1980s soap was stopped in 2014 Would you pay $1.5MILLION to freeze time like Jen? Two pictures, a staggering 17 years apart. So how does Jennifer Aniston do it?   Lilo of Arabia: Lindsay Lohan sprawls out in sultry desert snap... after hinting she's releasing a line of headscarves Converted to Islam? What a petal! Daisy Lowe flaunts her sensational curves and ample assets in a figure-hugging tulip gown as she leads glamour at a charity gala America's Next Top Model host Rita Ora narrowly avoids a 'drive by shooting' as armed gang target a London street just minutes after she walked past  SPOILER ALERT: This Is Us fans react in frustration on Twitter as tearjerker season finale of hit show fails to reveal how Jack died  Unanswered questions  'There was a group of guys following us': Kim Kardashian looks stressed as she reveals Paris robbers STALKED her in new KUWTK teaser Dangerous curves ahead! Nicole Murphy drops jaws in extremely tight backless dress during coffee run in LA The 53-year-old beauty has five kids Kylie Jenner shows off her ample assets in $5k neon Chanel workout outfit... as fans complain about being 'ripped off' after receiving EMPTY cosmetics He needs to improve his net work! Mark Zuckerberg is caught on camera flubbing an easy shot on the basketball court as he continues his tour of the U.S. Amber Rose's jaw-dropping cleavage breaks the laws of gravity in Instagram ad for strapless backless bra Barely kept them in place 'I'm moving to LA!': Canadian Vanessa will be by Bachelor Nick's side as he competes on DWTS... but there is NO wedding date and they have NOT talked kids 'She is so beautiful and funny, but slightly odd in a wonderful way': Alec Baldwin recalls starring alongside Lisa Kudrow in hilarious Friends episode 'I was perfect in my dad's eyes':  Paris Jackson claims she was pop icon Michael's 'favorite' child, as she shows off her abs in Madonna-inspired shoot Ready for summer! Lethal Weapon star Jordana Brewster is ravishing in white dress as she hits wine bar with Molly Sims and Ali Larter Fans go wild on Twitter as Ed Sheeran's VERY dirty-sounding hashtag #sheeranalbumparty surfaces... years after Susan Boyle's epic PR blunder Pooch smooch! Joanna Krupa shows off her enviably taut tummy in tight crop top as she puckers up to her dog Darla during walk in Los Angeles  Make-up free Amber Heard cuts a casual figure as Johnny Depp's ex enjoys a reunion with her former girlfriend Tasya van Ree in Los Angeles He's NOT joking! Comedian Chris Rock will BAN mobile phones and smart watches during first Australian tour in a decade Wants no interruptions  C'est La Vie! B*Witched send fans into overdrive with 20th anniversary comeback... but the Irish girl group plans to DITCH their old number one hits 'People only care about their selfie': Justin Bieber's pal DJ Martin Garrix says singer adores his fans despite him telling a belieber 'you make me sick' Geri Horner looks radiant as she takes her newborn son Montague for a stroll in the sunshine... hours after donning skimpy attire for yoga video Flare she goes! Victoria Beckham turns heads in a VERY oversized pant suit and platform heels as she heads out in snowy New York City Lisa Rinna accuses RHOBH co-star Dorit Kemsley of being 'drama queen' during appearance on Bravo's Watch What Happens Live 'Dating sucks!': Hilary Duff complains it's hard finding love in LA and she attracts only 'old men'... even though she's in a relationship with Matthew Koma He didn't 'like' that! Terrified Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg shouts 'holy s***' as NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr takes him for a spin at 170mph  Hat's a bit different! Princess Charles' wife Camilla turns heads in a bold green creation as she joins racegoers for Ladies' Day at the Cheltenham Fesitval Paris Jackson takes a smoke break and exposes nipple rings after landing high fashion magazine cover... but she's not happy about it Liv Tyler shuns bright colors in favor of an elegant black dress with a wide-brimmed hat as fiancé Dave Gardner accompanies her to Cheltenham Festival Elizabeth Olsen flaunts her lithe legs in micro denim shorts as she enjoys a low-key shopping trip in LA The actress, 28, made most of sunny weather  Braless Cara Santana shows off her perky assets in shimmering bodycon dress and racy lace-up boots for date night with fiancé Jesse Metcalfe Caught in a storm and with a suitcase of cash: Smart Rihanna sports red wig and suit in new promo shots showing her as Marion Crane in TV's Bates Motel Date night? Rebel Wilson holds hands with a tall mystery man while arriving at celebrity hotspot Craig's restaurant in West Hollywood Tarek and Christina El Moussa call in life coach Tim Storey to oversee their split... but reunion is not on the cards They all met for dinner, according to reports  Lisa Marie Presley ordered to shell out $10,000 a month to help pay her estranged husband's legal fees as she goes about divorcing him 'You're the one person I want by my side': Zayn Malik professes love for girlfriend Gigi Hadid in sweet new video Singer is besotted as ever with model love Who knew they were friends? Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall cuts stylish figure at Cheltenham Festival with Hobbit star James Nesbitt  Britain's Queen Elizabeth digs deep to make a personal donation amid dire warnings that millions could die in East African famine  Have-a-go Harry! The Prince chats to children as he helps out at a conservation project near London (while brother Wills parties in the Swiss Alps)  Is THIS where William learned to dance like that? Prince got tips on busting a move on visit to youth center Admitted he could 'never get shoulder shiver right' Ooh la bra! Nina Dobrev gets sexy spot on in a sheer polka dot lingerie-revealing top at the annual Power Stylists Dinner Stood out in spots 'Can you imagine the outcry if he fired  gun at Obama?' Trump slams Snoop for assassination video and says 'failing' rapper would be in jail if he shot Barack in clip Boots with the fur! Supermodel Carol Alt looking good at 56 as she reveals legs in flirty dress split down the thigh at T2 Trainspotting New York premiere Check out one's dress! Prince Edward's wife Sophie Wessex dons a colorful patterned frock to meet Malawi school pupils on the third day of her Africa visit Former Spice Girl Geri Horner, 44, displays her svelte body in tiny black shorts as she shares a video of herself doing yoga... just two months after birth of son  Featherweight champ! Jessica Biel rocks gold belt and white dress combo as she visits her Au Fudge restaurant in West Hollywood  A real businesswoman Taylor Swift 'files documents to launch streaming website with merchandise and online courses'... two years after bitter dispute with Apple Music and Spotify 'Taylor f*****g Swift... may as well have voted for Trump': Actress Lola Kirke slams the singer for not using her fame and global platform to discuss politics 'You talk a lot': Erika Girardi calls Dorit Kemsley 'bulls***ter' as feud explodes during Hong Kong trip on RHOBH Went off on one Trouble brewing? Police question singer Ed Sheeran's rapper cousin Jethro Sheeran, 42, after 'he threatened music reviewers  in a flurry of abusive texts'  Holey moley! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her bra as she steps out in VERY high ripped up track pants as she takes Mason Disick to art class Top of the crops! Make-up free Selena Gomez reveals toned abs and trim legs in workout gear after Pilates Pop star is working hard EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber and the sexy mom! Singer enjoyed a wild boat party with married mother-of-one and former glamour model Kaysha Louise Mourning Kanye West seen for first time since death of his cousin Ricky Anderson's one-year-old son Avery The rapper, 39, kept his face down  'I pick you no doubt!' Adam Levine laments losing singer to 'angel' Gwen Stefani as teams fill up on The Voice Maroon 5 frontman lost out to his rival judge  DWTS' Peta Murgatroyd shows off her post-baby body as she enjoys night off parenting duties with co-star fiancé Maksim Chmerkovskiy Richard Simmons' brother says the beloved 68-year-old fitness star is 'doing great' and that he simply needs a vacation after decades in the spotlight  Runaway fashion! Reese Witherspoon works up a sweat before going glam for a Beverly Hills lunch The 40-year-old was seen jogging with a pal  Fifty shades redder! Dakota Johnson is a scarlet woman in suede top and trousers at Power Stylists Dinner 50 Shades star knows all about scarlet woman Denim darlings! Anwar Hadid and girlfriend Nicola Peltz wear matching jackets to lunch in West Hollywood  Matchy matchy Kesha dons cowgirl inspired suit complete with pink sequinned top as she attends SXSW panel in Texas Added a level of sophistication Making them green with envy! Nicole Richie, 35, dares to bare in a sheer dress and see-through lace bodysuit at the Power Stylists Dinner What a model pair! Cousins Hailey and Ireland Baldwin flaunt their figures as they lead star-studded pack at stylists event in LA Stunning relatives  A red, red rose! Mary J Blige shows off her tattooed thigh in adventurously skimpy playsuit at stylists event It is the sort of look that irresistibly draws the eye Hello Dolly! Bette Midler shares first pic of herself in Broadway revival of musical... as show racks up $40 million in advance sales Hot ticket 'I'm coming for you': Whoopi Goldberg blasts fake web story claiming it 'endangered' her life Hit out at a false story related to Navy SEAL widow Legs for days! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova highlights her assets in dramatic sheer dress and Daisy Dukes for Harper's Bazaar China A (not so) casual outing! Kate Upton wears diamonds and pearls as she goes to sandwich shop She was just popping out to grab a bite to eat Man cure! Jennifer Garner stops by the nail salon in Beverly Hills... as ex Ben Affleck reveals alcohol rehab battle Treated herself  'Yo, home to Bel-Air!' Will Smith morphs into Uncle Phil sending the internet into a tailspin and prompts calls for a Fresh Prince reboot Video surfaced online By frolicking with blondes and failing in his duty, Prince William could turn the public fatally against the monarchy Start of a scandal? Mandy Moore sizzles in red dress at This Is Us finale screening in Los Angeles The 32-year-old wowed as she walked the arrivals carpet  Dolly Parton's charitable fund gives financial aid to 921 people who lost homes in Tennessee wildfires Is giving them $6,000 each 'I face insecurities': Lily Collins speaks of her struggles while posing in a daring lace bra and sheer skirt Talked about her problems in the spotlight Ouch! Hailey Baldwin steps out in style after revealing her strange secret to healing back pain She's taking advantage of the LA sun 'I haven't been this excited since giving away cars!' Oprah Winfrey gifts cast and crew of A Wrinkle In Time a high-end juicer Top of the range Heidi Klum arrives in style with her four children at Germany Consulate General office in Los Angeles Project Runway looked typically stylish  Ready to pop! Pregnant Amanda Seyfried dresses her baby bump in a loose T-shirt as she runs errands in LA  The 31-year-old kept business as usual  Patrick Dempsey and wife of 17 years pack on the PDA as she visits him on set... just months after calling off their divorce Couldn't be separated  How low can you go! Former Swimsuit Illustrated model Jessica Gomes flaunts cleavage in plunging white dress during skincare launch No more flubber-flapping! Mr T boasts he is 'lean and mean' after losing 12 pounds training for DWTS Was renowned for his chiselled physique EXCLUSIVE: 'I was an idiot - what was I thinking?' Sandra Bullock's cheating ex Jesse James opens his heart about their dramatic breakup  Leggy blonde! Hilary Duff goes braless as she steps out in tiny jean shorts that showcase her toned pins while in LA Also rocked a straw hat Justin Bieber explains he was just playing a character when he hurled expletives at news crew but goes on to deliver even MORE offensive insults Jared Kushner's brother Joshua goes on Manhattan sushi date with Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich's wife Dasha Zhukova then covers his face  Doting parents Zoe Saldana and Marco Perego locks lips during family outing with twins Bowie and Cy The actress, 38, enjoyed quality time with her boys Caitlyn Jenner, 67, is ready for spring in pretty teal blouse with white skinny jeans as she grabs Starbucks in Malibu Looked lovely  She's so transparent! Courteney Cox turns heads as she flashes her bra in sheer top on outing in Los Angeles She is used to turning heads Sweating it out in style! Alessandra Ambrosio is a fit babe in black as she hits up a Pilates class  The 35-year-old showed off the natural beauty she is famous for  Baby shower! Model Irina Shayk celebrates the impending arrival of her first baby with father-to-be Bradley Cooper during intimate lunch in LA Lisa Rinna's aspiring model daughter Amelia Hamlin, 15, wears lace-up crop on night out on the Hollywood scene The teen's dad is actor Harry Hamlin Boots made for shopping! Ali Larter reveals toned legs in denim shirt and suede stompers for retail therapy  Mom-of-two looked relax 'Another pinch me moment!!' Cara Delevingne teases her first ever novel Mirror, Mirror in Instagram post Model, actress - and now - author 'She's got no inhibitions': Meet stunning Sophie, the model seen enjoying boozy lunch with Prince William at exclusive ski resort Verbier Arriving in style! Singer Justin Bieber rocks edgy Pink Floyd T-shirt as he steps off a private jet in Sydney ahead of concert in the Australian city 'If I'm going to be naked, I need to be drinking': Stassi Schroeder calls for champagne before stripping off on Vanderpump Rules Reboot of The Matrix is 'in the works with potential interest in Michael B. Jordan to star' Warner Bros. is said to be in the early stages The topless model, dad dancing and 'Jagerbombs'... How Prince William's lads' weekend sees him step into yet another minefield Justin Bieber fans cause transport chaos in Sydney as 75,000 Beliebers head to ANZ stadium just as rush hour workers are trying to get home  Angelina Jolie and son Maddox have private tour of Buckingham Palace... hours after actress gave talk to students at London School of Economics Trump's lawyer calls out Snoop Dogg's 'disgraceful' music video in which a Trump-like clown is assassinated  Controversial scene  EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton blasts 'disgusting' ex-lover for peddling 'REVENGE PORN' sex tape recorded without her consent Ben Affleck reveals he's completed secret stint in rehab to treat alcohol abuse and thanks 'co-parent' Jennifer Garner for her support 'Go out, you're with Prince William!': What boyfriend of Australian model who partied with the prince told her as he gave his blessing for wild night New couple! Billions star Malin Akerman and British actor Jack Donnelly make public debut together in Puerto Rico Loved-up pair  Let Me Love You! Thrilled Imogen Anthony cosies up to Justin Bieber in selfie... but pop star looks underwhelmed Shared a throwback  Jennifer Garner indulges in some beach time with girlfriends during weekend trip to Mexico... after Ben Affleck's stint in rehab Wanted some downtime  Prince William caught on camera showing off his 'dad dancing' moves in Swiss nightclub... just hours after his boozy lunch with topless blonde model 'May we forever look at one another like this': Khloe Kardashian posts sweet birthday message to Tristan Thompson after throwing him lavish party Face off! Cate Blanchett cuts a stylish figure in a classic black dress as she joins The Present co-star Richard Roxburgh at their caricature unveiling  The right stuff! New Kids On The Block debut first new song in four years with seductive One More Night music video They are still heartthrobs Dancing with the star! Maddie Ziegler busts a move with Mario Lopez during Extra interview The former Dance Moms reality star was promoting her memoir Today's headlines Most Read Inching towards nuclear war? It's terrifying. North Korea's use of missiles threatens a new global... Now White House says Obama might have asked BRITISH spies to give him transcripts of Trump's calls - earning... Trump is lobbied by Irish prime minister to let country's 50,000 illegal immigrants in U.S stand in the... Florida prosecutor removed from high profile cop-killing case by Governor Rick Scott after she publicly said... Two Secret Service agents being investigated for 'taking selfies with Donald Trump's eight-year-old grandson... Sean Hannity 'pulled a GUN on liberal commentator Juan Williams and even aimed the red laser sight at his... How YOU can stay safe from Russian hackers: Experts reveal the simple rules  to safeguard email accounts Google's Home smart speaker under fire for playing Beauty and the Beast promos (but firm says its not an ad,... EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment against her for... US officials insist Navy SEAL raid in Yemen was not leaked in advance though they admit the terrorists were... Fetanyl is one of the most dangerous drugs in the world, UN declares as it adds the opioid to list of... EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion... which may be turned into a museum USA Gymnastics president resigns amid claims he ignored concerns about team doctor who 'sexually abused... Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night... The mysterious machine that means ONLY Apple can fix some parts of an iPhone: Calibration gadget in every... 'Next time it's going to be fire': African American family forced to flee small Minnesota town after thugs... Kansas basketball star tipped for March Madness glory is accused of threatening to 'beat' a player on the... 'London Bridge is down': Secret code UK civil servants will use before the public is told the Queen is dead... How cheddar and cream cheese could give you breast cancer: Eating too much can raise the risk by 50%  Incredible moment a 'kidnapped' woman jumps from the trunk of a moving car to escape 'attacker who snatched... Super humans who are sexier, stronger and smarter will arrive by 2029 as brains begin to fuse with machines,... Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan about to shoot and kill man who was beating up cop in... Christian pastor discovers a giant 706-carat diamond in Sierra Leone which could be the 10th largest EVER... Teenager, 14, finds 7.44 carat diamond in an Arkansas state park - the seventh largest ever found in the... Trump supporting Oklahoma senator surrenders on child prostitution charges after he was found in a motel... Teenager who starved to death 'after being neglected by her adoptive parents' was found wearing an adult... Sean Spicer spends an excruciating 16 minutes answering whether there is ANY evidence Trump was bugged by... Trump makes condolence call to fiancé of woman killed 'by undocumented driver' in crash after he appears on... McHack attack: McDonald's blames compromised Twitter account after firing off insulting tweet at Donald... MORE HEADLINES The hottest ticket in town! Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1 fan Ivanka Trump skips her dad's rally to watch Canadian prime minister speak on Broadway as his special guest  Would-be cop is charged after he 'admitted raping a drunk woman while she was passed out and videotaping her naked' during his interview to become a police officer The America First budget: Trump wants $1.5 BILLION for the wall and cash for the military but will slash foreign aid and eliminate funding for PBS and NPR 'Not my president': What congressman claims VA hospital employee told him when he went to hang Trump's portrait in empty area vacated by Obama's 'It was an accident you dumba**es': New York woman goes nuts after being filmed following a car crash into a gas station Married leader of Trump's Oklahoma primary campaign is facing prostitution charges after he was found in a Super 8 motel room with a teenage boy MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book The Perils of Pot Farming: A Season on America's Least Chill Weed Farm Features The Perils of Pot Farming: A Season on America's Least Chill Weed Farm Credit: Illustration by Joe Wilson by Colby Buzzell We're up north, several hours from San Francisco, when we pull off the freeway in the middle of buttfuck nowhere. Nothing but a single-lane road surrounded by hills browned by the August sun. It's early Sunday. Nelson pulls up to a locked steel gate and puts the car in park. There are a half-dozen or so no trespassing and private property signs, a beat-to-hell American flag, and next to it a fading POW one. I ask Nelson if this guy's a vet, like me. He says no, but the farm's previous owner was. The new guy just leaves the flags up, “so people don't fuck with him." I nod, but I'm not sure why. I see the form of a man exit a small one-story house about 300 feet away. Throughout the drive up, Nelson warned me about Eric. “Just understand that you're signing on to a dude who likes to go apeshit," Nelson said. “Most stoners and hippies can't really deal with a person like that, you know?" Nelson says that Eric recently blew up at all his employees, threatening to kill every one of them. They all left after that, and now he has no one to work the farm. “But," Nelson adds, “he has a good work ethic, you know?" Nelson told him I am a writer looking for work between assignments, to keep up with child support. He also told him that I'm an Iraq War veteran. That got Eric's attention. What Nelson left out is that I had also been married — twice — so I'm pretty sure that whatever fresh hell this guy throws at me will pale in comparison to any hell I've already experienced. I went from being a machine gunner in the infantry to getting a master's degree to working on a weed farm. Where did I go wrong? “All right," Nelson says, “but don't say I didn't warn you." Eric slowly walks up to us, wearing cargo shorts and running shoes. He could be in his forties, unremarkable height, and seems mostly harmless, friendly even, as he throws us a wave and a smile. Once Eric gets into better focus, I see he has more or less zero percent body fat, with veins on his stomach and Christlike abs. “See, I told you," Nelson says. “He doesn't look good. He's way too thin right now." Nelson thinks Eric's working himself to death, overstressed by going far too big on this harvest. Eric unlocks the gate, and Nelson slowly cruises while Eric walks in front. In Iraq we called them ground guides, and every time a vehicle returned to our Forward Operating Base in Mosul, we needed one. But Eric's no soldier, and this is no war zone. This is a marijuana farm, one of many thousands in California, many of which are legal, others sort of legal, and some totally fucking illegal. This one is all of the above. It's a few months away from the election, and while the rest of the country is absorbed in choosing between “I'm With Her" and “Make America Great Again," California growers are keeping a close eye on Proposition 64, the Adult Use of Marijuana Act, which could be a game changer for people like Eric. With Proposition 64, weed will become legal for recreational, and not just medicinal, use — and the fear among growers is that once it becomes legal for recreational, only the big boys with the big money will be able to turn a profit. They're afraid that one day you'll be able to buy grams of weed at a fucking Walmart, maybe with a product of china sticker. So this is probably going to be Eric's last harvest, and he's going big. Legally, Eric is allowed to grow a certain amount of medicinal marijuana, but his operation seems bigger than any allowable amount could possibly require. The garden is about half the size of a football field, and there are several greenhouses, too, all fenced inside the 150-acre property. The grow space is packed with a dozen strains with names like O.G. Kush, Girl Scout Cookies, and so on. Some of them help people suffering with depression, ADD/ADHD, or sleeping, eating, and stress disorders. Some act as aphrodisiacs for women, others help with arthritis pain, and some straight up put you in a coma and/or have you seeing God. All of which is legal, but not entirely, which is probably why, posted inside the garden fence and on the message board in the main house is the name and number of a lawyer we should call if shit goes down. Better call Saul. We even have an escape route, a trail behind the house that leads to a patch of ground where $50,000 in bail money is buried. Just in case. Nothing is regulated here. No one is stopping by for a surprise inspection. There's no OSHA, no HR, no background checks, no PowerPoint presentations, no casual Fridays or group scavenger hunts to boost morale. But there are guns, shovels, money counters, samurai swords, bows and arrows, body bag–size duffels, scales, and a chicken coop to provide us with free-range eggs for breakfast each morning. It's all grunt work. Employees are paid in cash, sometimes at the end of the workday or the workweek, or whenever Eric gets around to driving out and digging it up from his underground savings account. Before I started as Eric's full-time employee, I thought a weed farm was kind of like a Christmas tree farm. You plant seeds, water them, let nature do its thing, and when it's time and they're big enough, you chop them down and sell them, make your money, and everyone has a merry Christmas. The end. I shake my head and tell Eric he doesn't need a gun. “I mean, what are you going to do? Shoot and kill somebody over weed?" He just looks at me. It's not. “All it takes is one bad run," Nelson says, “and you lose your entire ass in this game." There's an endless list of things that can go wrong. The wind can wipe out your crop; the plants can all stress out and hermaphrodite on you; you can lose them to gophers, deer, caterpillars, spider mites, broad mites, bud rot, mold, powdery mildew, thieves, or a bad crew; if it's too dark in the greenhouses, you can end up with larfy-ass buds, which means they're too fluffy; and you can overfertilize and burn your plants chemically. Eric says his crop is totally organic, but he guesses that most growers use chemicals on their plants at least once during the grow. Nelson inspects the plants by feeling them with his hands. He says he can tell they're “happy." “They're perky," he says. “See how they're lush and green and full of moisture? They're not distressed. If they're sad, they're droopy. Probably dehydrated. If they're unhappy, they don't smell like anything and start to rot." Nelson grabs a bud from another plant and has me take a whiff. It smells like weed. They all do. I can't really tell if they're happy or not, but they look and smell night-and-day different from the weed we smoked in high school. That shit was brown and full of seeds, and it was sold out of plastic Baggies, usually by a classmate who went to school primarily to sell weed. Nelson pulls out his phone and says we should document our working together on the farm. “Something to show the kids someday," he says. He sends it to me, but I'm not allowed to post it anywhere that could tag the location. “Once you start bragging and showing the world your shit," he says, “that's how you get jacked." The plants exceed the height of the fence, so they're visible to anyone driving along the road a couple of hundred yards away. The first day of work, Nelson and I use plastic zip ties to attach bamboo extensions to the fence. They're the same type of plastic zip ties we used in Iraq as handcuffs, and the green plastic netting over the chain-link fence looks to be of the same material as the sandbags we used to cover the heads of the handcuffed prisoners. It's odd to think that I went from being a machine gunner in the infantry to getting a master's degree to working on a weed farm. But I have child support and a seven-year-old I have custody of every weekend. I've just turned 40. Where did I go wrong? My ex-wives probably have their theories, but I don't know. There is another worker with us in the garden. Alicia is a Latina from Southern California. She wears running shorts and headphones and walks around with a stopwatch, watering all the plants. Nelson flirts with her constantly, calling her “Beautiful," “Sweetie," telling her how extremely good she looks. “So when are we going to hook up?" he asks her. “Sorry, Nelson, I'm not into Mexi-can'ts." Inside are a few trimmers who manicure the buds with pruning snips: a couple of guys, sporting sandals and man buns, and a slender girl in short shorts, with a blonde bob, who has that slight stony thing about her — Nelson noticed her when we first pulled up to the house. “I love her," Nelson said, which is exactly what he says about every woman. Whenever Nelson gets bored with hitting on Alicia, he goes inside to flirt with the blonde. All day we work while Nelson goes from one girl to another. Do you know how much I spent on soil alone? I spent $70,000! For dirt! That's more than what most Americans make in a year! At one point it's just me and Eric in the garden. With his hands folded across his chest, he asks my advice. “You think I should get a shotgun or an assault rifle?" Eric tried to buy a gun recently but failed the background check. Nelson told me that Eric had attacked one of his employees with his bare hands. The two went to a bar, and the guy started bragging to the female bartender about how much weed they were growing. Eric told him to shut the fuck up, but the guy just continued and bam. Eric beat the fuck out of him and got arrested, but the charges were dropped. I shake my head and tell Eric he doesn't need a gun. “I mean, what are you going to do? Shoot and kill somebody over weed?" He just looks at me. My first week of work, Nelson goes back to the city, and Eric gives me a little tour of his “nest egg." All these plants are his eggs, and they're all in one basket. “Once Prop 64 passes," he says, “everything is going to be regulated and no one will be able to afford to grow. None of this is going to be profitable. That's why I'm cashing out. This is my last harvest. After this I'm done." His plan is to travel, maybe get a house in the mountains, and bury whatever is left. He points out a trailer from the '70s parked next to the house. Several years ago he gave up his job, bought the trailer, lived in the woods, and grew weed. Just him and his mutt. He invested all his money into that grow, and every year since, he's expanded until he has what he has now, a basket with all his nest eggs. The three main things he's worried about are being robbed, broad mites, and some freak-of-nature storm coming through. He boasts that his weed sells for $1,400 a pound — bare minimum — and with some strains he can pull in as much as $2,300. The first year he grew, weed was selling for $4,200 a pound. Every year the price drops while operational costs for growing that same pound remain the same or increase slightly. Some predict that once Prop 64 passes, the price will drop dramatically. “For the independent grower, the end is here and now." “You don't talk much, do you?" Eric asks me while we walk through his garden. “Not really," I say. “I just follow orders, I guess. Keep my mouth shut." He says he likes that about me. Eric instructs me on how to water his plants properly with nutrients. I'm supposed to use the stopwatch to make sure that each and every plant gets two and a half minutes of feed. It's OK to go a little over, but just a little, because I'd be wasting hundreds of gallons of nutrients that Eric paid for. As we drive to the dump, Eric is extolling the virtues of a gluten-free diet when he suddenly asks if I ever get thoughts in my head of killing people. Later, when he comes back to check up on me, I tell him everything's going well, but that's a lie. In truth, I get a little lost in the garden because the plants all look the same. Or I forget to press the stopwatch, and I might have even watered a couple of plants twice or three times, but I couldn't tell because the heat instantly dried the soil. But I tell him that things are going great, how I got this. Eric doesn't like to hire potheads or commune types. They're the last kinds of workers he wants. He can see them doing the math in their heads when they look at his crop. They'll think he's loaded and will want a piece of it. “I don't get it," he says. “You go down to Walmart, and they have millions of dollars of inventory. They pay their employees shit and they're all happy! They don't look around and say, 'Hey, wait a minute here, they're making millions. I should be getting paid a hell of a lot more!' But these fuckers, these stoners and hippies, they come here, they see my shit, and they're like, 'Oh, I deserve more of this,' and it's like, 'Fuck you!' What they don't see are the years of fucking bullshit I had to go through to get here, all the thousands and thousands of dollars I have to spend! Do you know how much I spent on soil alone? I spent $70,000! For dirt! That's more than what most Americans make in a year! And I pay that! See all the bamboo sticks? How many do you think I have? Thousands. And guess what. Those are several dollars a pop." And unlike Walmart, which has hundreds of employees per store, here it's mostly just him. He's in charge of opening up shop and making sure the lights are on, the employees are doing their jobs, and the plants are watered correctly. “I'm in charge of everything, all the way down to how many coffee filters I need to order. I'm in charge of all of it! Me!" My first week is easy. Every night I pass out in the trailer and wake up at around 8 am. A breakfast of organic eggs, sausage, and Tater Tots is made, along with a pot of coffee. In the living room hangs a whiteboard with a list of tasks for the day. On some days, Eric writes messages commending employees for their hard work, or some motivational quote. Other days, he writes angry messages: “Don't fucking wake me up!!!" Over breakfast, Eric typically briefs Alicia and me on what needs to be done that day, and then we execute the orders. One morning before breakfast, I head into the garden. Which is where I notice something alarming about Eric. He talks to himself. A lot. I'll be working when I hear Eric's voice coming from somewhere. “Two thousand, 4,000, fuck . . . one, two, 55, 13, goddammit, and three dozen fucking 40 . . . I need 12 more, three of those and nine of . . . Shit! Shit! Shit! Fucking! Fuck!" And then there's the murder talk. “I swear to God I'll kill their whole fucking family!!! Each and every fucking one of them! Stab them, rip their fucking hearts out, and bury them!!!" One morning, as we drive to the dump, Eric is extolling the virtues of a gluten-free diet when he suddenly asks if I ever get thoughts in my head of killing people. “Um . . . no, not really." “Really? Never?" A part of me wants to fuck with him and say, 'Well, yeah, but only when I'm wasted,' just to see where it'll go, but I tell him no. Never. Ever. “Not even in Iraq?" “Well, yeah, I did over there, but that's different. Nobody's trying to kill me here." He seems kind of shocked, maybe a little disappointed. I ask Alicia about the murder talk, and she advises me to just tune him out. By the end of the week, I've got it down: Whenever he goes off on one of his tantrums, it becomes background noise. Alicia has more Eric to tune out than I do. She's been on the farm since May and has a room in the house where Eric lives. They used to party together once in a while. “He was a good guy," she says. “Nothing like how he is now. Back then I never saw him get upset." Her goal is to keep Eric tuned out long enough to make it through the end of the harvest, so she can get paid and head to the mountains for the winter. She earns a weekly salary, like me, but once all the plants are cut down, she'll be paid to trim at $150 a pound. If she trims three pounds a day for a month, that's a lot of bread. And if she sticks it out, she and the other trimmers will get a fat bonus, so everyone walks away happy and willing to work the next harvest. She likes the money and the winters off, but she also likes the illicit element: “If you think about it, what we're doing is kind of outlaw. We're not working conventional, boring, 9-to-5 jobs. There's still a stigma attached to this." Alicia can't decide between working on another grow or going back to teaching. If she chooses teaching, she can't snowboard for months on end like she can now. If she works another harvest, she won't find a boyfriend, because she'll be out on some weed farm in the middle of nowhere seven months of the year. I ask Alicia what her mother thinks of her doing this. “She doesn't," Alicia tells me. “She still thinks I'm a teacher." That Saturday morning I call Nelson from the car. “Yo!" I yell at him. “Your fucking boy, man, he's fucking cray-cray! Yeah, homie's fucking nuts! He's hearing shit, man! And he talks to himself all the fucking time! Talking about killing fools! Yeah, we're all out in the garden, and he's telling me he can hear people, how they're talking shit, and how he's going to fucking kill them! “And check this out: I work for him all week, right? Bust my ass sunup till way past sundown, and he's supposed to pay me on Friday, right? Guess what he did. He tells me he can't, how the money is buried and he didn't have time to dig it up. . . . Yo, I needs to get paid! You don't see me telling him I'm too busy to water his fuckin' plants. . . . You sure this guy's not a cokehead? Yeah, I'm going to show up on Monday, fuck it. I need the money." Nelson asks how Alicia's looking, and I can hear him wet his lips when I tell him she's looking good. Finally he asks what I'm up to. I say I've got my son and we're driving to the library to check out some books, then we're going to a movie. “Where's he at now?" “With me. He's in the backseat." I see my son all wide-eyed in the rearview mirror. “I'm telling Mommy you said the F-word," he says. When I show up to work that Monday, I'm handed a fat stack of $20s, all crisp and new. “Congratulations," Eric tells me. “You now make more than a college professor." I just got my master's degree in creative writing and have applied for every teaching position I could find, precisely so that I wouldn't have to do this kind of shit. They say that those who can't, teach, but what about those who can't even do that? But it's Monday morning and it's good to be back at work. Things could be worse: I work outdoors and am less depressed than I've been in a while. Maybe it's because cell reception is spotty, so I can't see how great everybody else's lives are on social media. I pause on my way to the garden to savor the warmth of the sun on my skin. That's when I hear the thrashing. It sounds a lot like somebody getting his ass beaten. Alicia is standing next to the water containers, unsure of what to do. “I'm such a fucking idiot!" Eric screams. “I should have been fucking flipping kilos instead of growing this shit!" Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! He's clobbering himself full force in the face. I've seen my son throw temper tantrums when we pass McDonald's or the toy aisles at Walmart, but this guy is taking it to a whole other level. This morning Eric discovered broad mites in a couple of the plants, and he could lose his “investment." I just stand there next to Alicia, drinking coffee and watching a grown man lose it. This goes on for a good 15 minutes, him screaming and cursing and, at one point, going full MMA on the water containers. After that, he resumes punching his own face. Then he notices a thornbush and does a banzai attack on that as well. Finally, he collapses to the ground, angry, bloody, and on the verge of tears. In a low voice, Alicia suggests we go to the garden and deleaf for a bit. She tells me that she refuses to cry in front of Eric, no matter how batshit he goes. She just walks to the garden by herself and cries. Not all grows are like this, she says. “They're usually fun, communal, everyone working together and just having fun. This grow isn't like that. Eric runs it way too much as a business." To spray or not to spray? Poison your crop or risk losing your investment? That isn't even a question on this farm. Now that Eric has broad mites, it's full chemical warfare. Spray, baby, spray! Eric doesn't tell us which chemicals he's using, but he's made no secret that they are highly toxic. He gives us disposable white coveralls, orange dishwashing gloves, the kind of safety goggles you wore in high school woodshop, and cheap spray-paint respirators that make you feel like a storm trooper. Eric just wears a Chewbacca costume he had for some reason. “This is why I only buy organic," Alicia says. She's heard that some of the chemicals cause birth defects. Eric's pissed that his garden is no longer “organic," but what really pisses him off is the cost of spraying. Between the chemicals and labor, it's going to run an extra two grand or more a week. We spray several times a week for six weeks, and the broad mites finally go away, but the spraying stunts the plants' growth. The buds are now golfball-size when they should be football-size. But at least Eric doesn't lose the entire crop, and he's stopped talking about murdering all the time. He seems numb, distant. I ask Alicia what's up, and she tells me she bought some Xanax, which she's been feeding Eric steadily. I tell her she is a goddamn genius. It's mid-October, a month till harvest, and our office attire goes from shorts and optional T-shirt to flannels, hoodies, and beanies. One afternoon we spot ominous clouds gathering to the west. The weather service confirms the worst: an early season storm, “fueled in part by a typhoon . . . with heavy rain and gusts up to 70 miles per hour." Eric smokes and paces constantly. He has to make a decision: cut his inventory down, which is a bit premature, or keep it up and risk losing it all to the storm. “Fuck it," he says, flicking his smoke. “We're taking them down." Rain can bring mold, which could destroy everything. We're understaffed and the storm is moving fast. We have a crazy amount of weed to take down, hundreds of huge plants, and less than 48 hours to do it. Every plant needs to come down and be hung to dry in the indoor shelters. Eric, Alicia, and I start working at 8 am, cutting and hanging and cutting and hanging. At midnight Alicia finally passes out, and at 5 am it's just Eric and me hanging weed on strings. Eric keeps asking me the same question over and over again: “Can you keep on going?" And every time I tell him yes. By sunrise we're so spent that we're wobbling and struggling to see straight, periodically losing it and falling to the ground. I hear Eric try to formulate a sentence. “I know you've heard this a hundred times, and it probably means nothing to you by now, but I just want to tell you thank you. Thank you for doing this for me." The next day we're all still functioning, though I haven't been this sleep-deprived since Iraq. Eric and I run around, chopping down plants, hanging them to dry, labeling by strain, and building greenhouses to hang the weed in. Meanwhile a half-dozen trimmers are trimming away inside the house. At 6 o'clock that night, Eric still hasn't slept, so he goes down, telling us he'll wake up in two hours to keep working. He tells us not to do a damn thing without him. The storm is set to hit around 2 am, and soon we're all sitting around in the living room, fiddling with our cell phones and listening to Eric sleep through his alarm. By now it's 9:30, and we need to wake him already. That would be like waking up a tiger — a stressed-out, sleep-deprived tiger who's prone to episodes of rage and paranoia. I've seen him yell at Alicia for waking him up, even when he specifically asked her to. But the storm is a few hours away and Eric is still dead to the world. Alicia's pacing; fretting about what to do. She walks over to the fridge, grabs one of my beers, and cracks it open. “We're going to go ahead and cut down all the plants without Eric." I usually keep my mouth shut and do as I'm told, like I've been trained to do. But if we fuck this up and don't properly cut down and hang the last of the weed? Then all the blame will be on Alicia, and who knows what might happen. “Are you sure?" I ask her. “Fuck it," she says. “I don't care if I get yelled at anymore. We're doing it." I think I now have a crush on Alicia. She's more squared away, more reliable, than just about anyone I served with in Iraq. The two of us go out, cut down the last of the plants, wheelbarrow them over to a greenhouse, cut the stems, and start hanging them there, the garage, anywhere we can find space. We know Eric's system and make sure everything is organized to a T. We're in the garage, hanging weed and talking — mostly about whether Eric will kill us — when the storm hits, and it's hellish. At around 4 am, Eric finally wakes up and wanders into the garage, where we're hanging the very last of his crop. He inspects it, glowing like a child on Christmas morning. Eric puts his hand up to high-five me. “Good job," he says. But I don't high-five him back. I just point to Alicia and tell him she's the one to high-five, that I had nothing to do with this. The next morning Eric's written a message on the board in the kitchen. It reads, “Good job, Alicia! You're a hero!" The night before the election, I can't sleep. I stay up thinking the world will change, but I don't know how. The next morning I wake to a frantic knock on my bedroom door. Eric. I can tell just by looking at him that something's not right, that whatever deal he had in mind didn't go down the way he wanted. He says he's been crunching the numbers, and with trimming costs coming in around $60,000, there's no way he's going to make enough on this harvest to ski in Japan or hang out in Puerto Rico. He needs to get trimming costs down to $12,000, an unrealistic sum considering how much there is to trim. So he's meeting with a guy who will take the buds untrimmed. It means all the trimmers will get fired. All of them. “But what about Alicia?" “Fuck her," he says. I go back to the house, where the trimmers are working and watching football highlights on ESPN. I pour myself some coffee and change the channel to MSNBC. One of the trimmers looks up and asks, “Is today the election?" “Wow," I think. “Maybe the rich guy does have a chance." While the news anchors talk about the presidential race, the topic being discussed in the living room I am in is Proposition 64, the legalization of recreational marijuana. Nearly everyone who works in the weed business plans to vote against it. When I step outside to find Eric, he's on the phone trying to track down his polling place. Eric asks the trimmers if they want to vote. They all say no. “I don't get it. Their livelihoods are on the line here and they don't fuckin' vote?" It's no secret that Prop 64 is going to pass and big business is going to step in, but Eric might keep growing weed anyway. He's not so sure the big boys will be able to produce the high-quality weed that he grows. It'll be like craft beer or fine wine. Californians will always pay extra for better product, and there might be a market for him to tap into. He asks me if I would be part of his crew for that. “Maybe," I tell him. On the drive back from voting, Eric explains just how fucked he is. None of his various plans — like the one to sell his entire crop untrimmed or the one in which a trimming machine does the work of a dozen trimmers — are panning out. He says he's going to go around to all the Mexican restaurants to find people who want to trim for him for $15 an hour. This is the only way he sees making a profit this harvest. Later that night there's the usual smell of weed smoke in the air in the living room, along with a chant from the TV set. “U-S-A. U-S-A. U-S-A . . ." Every jaw in the room drops. The trimmers stop trimming. One of them speaks. “Holy. Shit." Another adds, “What. The. Fuck." For several days after the election, I am stunned and confused. I'm not stoned, but I am paranoid that everyone else is. Prop 64 passes with 57 percent. Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, and California all vote to legalize recreational marijuana. I spend the weekend before my last week of work with my son. On the drive back to the farm I listen to public radio, a news story about a crime at a marijuana farm in Mendocino County. In the middle of the night, a bunch of trimmers got together and allegedly murdered the grower they worked for and then stole a hundred pounds of weed. And they say weed doesn't kill. Alicia is gone when I get to the farm, and thank God, because Eric is ranting and raging again. From what I can piece together, the two got into an argument, so she booked a last-minute hair appointment in the city, for what most jobs call a mental-health day. The weed hanging in the shelters needs to come down, so Eric and I get to work. He asks me where the labels are that indicate what strain is what. I point to the labels attached to each string. “Alicia labeled them all," I tell him, but he's not really listening. He just starts punching the ground. “This is why I have to do goddamn every fucking thing myself! Because motherfuckers can't!" I pop half a Xanax and try to tune him out. Then he really gets into it. “O.G. Kush sells for $2,300 a pound; Girl Scout Cookies, $1,400. Thanks to Alicia, who fucked it all up, now they're all mixed up, and God fucking damn it!" He tries to pick up a lawn mower — the kind you ride on — to toss it, but he fails and goes back to cussing and yelling. He thinks that a bunch of the weed is mislabeled and the two strains are mixed together. According to his calculations, he will lose $9,000 because Alicia didn't wake him up that night. I'm trying to be a good soldier here, to keep my head down and stick to the task at hand, but I decide to speak up. “Look, she tried to wake you up and you wouldn't. A storm was on its way — if Alicia had done nothing, you would have lost all those plants to the storm and . . ." And I can tell by the way his face is turning bright red and how his head is cocked that he wants to kill me, so I just tune him out again. I'm uncomfortable, but I'm not intimidated. I am on Xanax. And since I'm kind of on a roll, I add, “Honestly I don't know how she puts up with this. Most wouldn't have ." I'm curious to see if he'll throw a punch, but he backs down again. He sends Alicia a text message saying, “Good job hanging up the last of the weed. Why don't you take another day off." Alicia responds with a “Thank you!" and a smiley face. Eric slams his phone on the ground and storms into the house. I go back to work while Eric thrashes around the house, a brontosaurus uncaged, beating on the locked metal door to Alicia's bedroom. It's Friday. My last day at the farm. It's also payday, but Eric has to sell some weed before we can get paid. Alicia comes over, and she's in tears. I've never seen her cry before. “I told him I quit." “You're quitting?" “Yeah, fuck this. There's no way. You're leaving tonight to go be with your son, none of the other trimmers are going to be here, and I don't trust being here all by myself with that psycho. After what he did to my door? That's just totally uncool." I agreed. I work up the nerve to tell Alicia I'm completely over it, that I'm leaving as soon as I get my two weeks' pay. I feel bad because I know she's owed a lot more and probably won't get a penny of it. The two of them had some kind of agreement that she'd get thousands at the end of the harvest, and I would bet big money that he picked a fight with her so she'd quit sooner and not collect. “Do you think he'd kill me?" she asks. I hesitate. “No," I finally tell her. “But if the cops ever knock on my door, I'll be like, 'Yeah, he killed her.'  " We both know that if we're going to get paid, I will be paid first. We agree that if I don't hear from her within an hour after I leave, I'll call the police. Eric doesn't get back till midnight. He walks in the front door calmly, as if everything is cool, which means he is fucking livid. He pays me for the week and throws in an extra hundred as a bonus. I ask if this amount is for both this week and last, because I wasn't paid last week. He tells me that he did pay. I assure him that he didn't. I follow him to his bedroom. I have no idea where he keeps his pistol, but there's a rifle by the side of the bed and some swords on the dresser. He flips through his receipt book to prove me wrong but can't find the information. He gives up and says, “Fuck it." I can see he's starting to snap. He shoves the money at me. “Just take it." I want to make eye contact with Alicia, who's in the living room — to say goodbye, to make sure she's all right, to get some sense that she can handle this — but Eric positions himself so I can't, standing inches from me as we walk past the living room. All I can do is catch a glimpse of Alicia from the corner of my eye as she works up the nerve to confront him next, to get what she's owed and get the hell out. He walks me to my car so that I can finally leave this place, and the whole time he cusses his usual rant, that all he does is pay people and nobody ever pays him. He pulls his pants pockets inside out to illustrate the point. “At the end of the day," he says, “it's me who always gets fucked." When Eric reaches the main gate to unlock it, I put the car in park. My window is down, and I want to tell him something. Maybe tell him to relax, take a break, maybe try and think of something else. But I don't. All I can say is how I don't want it to end like this, and I put out my hand for him to shake. He does. He might even be saying “sorry," I'm not sure. All I can think about is Alicia and whether she'll be OK. Once I'm off his property, I look in my rearview and watch him, under the night sky, close and lock the steel gate, turn around, and slowly walk back to the house with his head down. From there I leave and never look back. In the end Alicia did get ripped off, but she's moved on. She still checks on me every now and then to see how I'm doing and to let me know of trim camps in Humboldt, where I can work if I'm interested. She asks how my Thanksgiving went, and I tell her it was great, I spent it with my son. Couldn't wish for anything more. I ask about hers and she tells me she worked a couple of days at a camp where they paid their trimmers $200 a pound and brought in dozens of lobsters and bottles of expensive tequila for everyone. “It was just fun, and everyone had a good time." The way it's supposed to be. Colby Buzzell is the author of  My War: Killing Time in Iraq. Want More? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest adventures, workouts, destinations, and more. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Men's Journal and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Industrial Cabinets Every Garage (or Kitchen)... 1 Joel McHale, from ‘The Great Indoors’ to the... 2 Kelly Slater Is One Step Closer to Bringing... 3 The Best Bikes From This Year's North... 4 Budweiser Announces Plans to Brew Beer on... 5 How Guy Pearce Continues to Be One of the... 6 Burn 900 Calories With This Fast-Paced... 7 Day Drinking in Brooklyn's Most Authentic... 8 © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Delta Regional Authority, manufacturing groups face uncertain future with Trump budget Wal-Mart eyes trendy fashion startup ModCloth as next acquisition Startups to Watch: NOWDx testing for infectious disease in Africa; Menguin user base up 500% The Supply Side: Suppliers hear details on Walmart.com restructuring Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith Internal Auditor launches audit of River Valley Sports Complex, Sen. Files cites ‘future legal ramifications’ School choice bill fails in House, sponsor to try again Delta Regional Authority, manufacturing groups face uncertain future with Trump budget President Trump’s $1 trillion, defense-heavy budget could mean cuts, elimination of federally-funded programs active in Arkansas U.S. House Budget Committee advances Obamacare repeal bill, tough path expected in Senate Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith Internal Auditor launches audit of River Valley Sports Complex, Sen. Files cites ‘future legal ramifications’ Wal-Mart eyes trendy fashion startup ModCloth as next acquisition Startups to Watch: NOWDx testing for infectious disease in Africa; Menguin user base up 500% Harps employs discount strategy with 10BOX concept Video / Podcasts U.S. Rep. Womack: A ‘lean yes’ on Ryan health care plan, wants changes on House floor Sen. John Boozman: Nothing ‘off the table’ including military options on North Korean aggression U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics AEDC’s Mike Preston: Trump a factor in full project pipeline, wary of bills affecting Arkansas’ image Sen. Cotton: ‘I expect to be very active’ in Obamacare replacement Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers hear details on Walmart.com restructuring Arkansas Tourism Ticker: Gains slow in 2016, but industry jobs set new record American Society of Civil Engineers hands U.S. infrastructure near-failing grade Experts: Autonomous technology to help truck drivers, not replace them; driverless technology a ‘myth’ Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Senate approves bill to expand sales of grocery store wine, liquor store owners say they will lose millions of dollars BusinessLatest NewsTalk Politics by Wesley Brown (wesbrocomm@gmail.com) 1 week ago 433 views  Tags: wine sales 0 SHARES Share Tweet After more than a month of fierce debate that brought dozens of liquor store owners across the state to Little Rock, the Arkansas Senate on Wednesday quietly approved a controversial measure that will allow Wal-Mart and other grocery chains to sell a wider selection of wines. Sen. Joyce Elliott, D-Little Rock, stood out as the lone voice to speak against Senate Bill 284 on the floor. The bill, sponsored by Sen. Bart Hester, R-Cave Springs, was passed over on the Senate calendar for several days as supporters and opponents camped around the Senate chamber to lobby votes. In speaking against SB284, Elliott said the Legislature was building a brand-new business model that would help Wal-Mart and larger corporations and put smaller Arkansas businesses at risk. “I just can’t sit there and knowing on balance that one side is going to be OK and the other is not,” Elliott said. The Little Rock senator mentioned specific liquor stores owners in Central Arkansas who have put “thousands of dollars” of investment and retirement savings into their businesses, but lawmakers now have a distinct competitive disadvantage. According to estimates from There Performance Group, a Little Rock data analytics firms, the bill will cause more than 1,000 liquor store owners across the state to see annual revenue losses of more than $80 million and put more than 2,000 jobs at risk. “I just think and I feel that all of us have an obligation to really be about the small business owners that we say are the backbone of our economy without breaking their backs,” Elliott said, adding that her district has more than 30 liquor stores. After Elliott’s speech, the Senate approved the controversial measure by a vote of 18-14, with three members not voting. Of all the bills passed during the 91st General Assembly, SB284 has taken the most unusual route – needing approval twice from both chambers. It was first approved in the Senate a month ago by a vote of 18-11, with two members not voting and three present. The original bill by Hester would have enabled grocery stores to obtain permits to sell wines of all types in local grocery stores. Grocery store chains operating in Arkansas, such as Walmart U.S., Kroger’s, Edwards Food Giant and Brookshire’s, now can only sell Arkansas and other small farm wines that produce less than 250,000 gallons of wine a year. That earlier Senate bill also spelled out potential revenue the state would generate from increased wine sales. For example, a grocery store seeking a wine permit would pay $1,000 for building space of less than 35,001 square feet. Larger stores with space over 75,000 square feet would pay $5,000 for wine permits. That version also allowed fees from the wine permits to be equally divided between the “Arkansas Wine Grant” program and the Tourism Development Trust Fund, which would be designated to the Department of Parks and Tourism to promote the state’s wine industry. Once the proposal got to the House Rules Committees, things went sideways. On Feb. 22, during a contentious two-hour meeting, a last-minute pact attached a six-page amendment with eight new provisions to the engrossed bill. Those new provisions included allowing liquor store owners to sell consumable and edible products that complement alcoholic beverages, giving incentives to Arkansas-bonded wineries operating in state more than five years, preventing dry counties from getting into the wine business, and adding language that grocery stores with a wine permit cannot derive more than 20% of their gross sales from the sale of alcoholic beverages. Then on Feb. 27, one of the busiest days of the session, the bill fell two votes short of passing the House, 48-34, with 12 voting present and six not voting. During that floor debate, House Speaker Jeremy Gillam, R-Judsonia, took the rare step of speaking in support of the losing legislation as Rep. Greg Leding, D-Fayetteville, who voted no, served notice that he will move to reconsider the vote. A few days later, after opponents of SB284 had celebrated victory, Leding kept his promise and brought the bill back to the House floor for a second time. The Fayetteville Democrat’s motion to reconsider the contentious legislation was approved by 48-34, with six members not voting and 12 present. Immediately afterward, the bill was approved by a vote of 53-34. Eight members did not participate and four voted present. A week ago, it was re-referred back to the Senate State Agencies and Governmental Affairs Committee and came back to the Senate floor on March 2 with a “do pass” recommendation. After Wednesday’s vote, it is now headed to the governor’s desk, where it will be signed and enacted into law. Comments comments Previous post Three grandparents’ rights bills pass Arkansas House committee Next post Design standards for downtown Springdale sent to City Council Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, good whisky and hipster logos Frank D. Scott, Jr. How regulatory relief can be good for the economy Angela Grayson ‘The Slants’ and a challenge to trademark law Cal Rose Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Latest Popular Fort Smith Internal Auditor launches audit of River Valley Sports Complex, Sen. Files cites ‘future legal ramifications’ 3 hours ago School choice bill fails in House, sponsor to try again 3 hours ago Delta Regional Authority, manufacturing groups face uncertain future with Trump budget 3 hours ago President Trump’s $1 trillion, defense-heavy budget could mean cuts, elimination of federally-funded programs active in Arkansas 3 hours ago Wal-Mart eyes trendy fashion startup ModCloth as next acquisition 6 hours ago House passes resolution recognizing Christian bible as the official Arkansas book 6,727 views Bentonville couple opening new breakfast restaurant 6,059 views Fayetteville man opts for franchising over football 4,016 views Texas developer buys vacant Ruby Tuesday property in Bentonville for $2.15 million 1,576 views Tyson Foods executive Wes Morris to exit company 1,072 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Wal-Mart scraps new N.J. store after decade of planning Print Email Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 09, 2017 at 9:12 AM, updated March 09, 2017 at 4:32 PM comments TOMS RIVER -- Wal-Mart has scrapped its proposal to build a new store in Toms River after 13 years of planning. Spokesman Phillip Keene said Wal-Mart decided not to pursue the venture because of business factors, but would continue its expansion plans in New Jersey.  "Although we no longer plan to build a new store in Toms River, we are committed to continuing our growth and investment in New Jersey," Keene said in the statement. The new Toms River location didn't come without opposition. The site came under scrutiny after a court ruling determined the area was not zoned for that kind of project.  Environmentalists also took issue with the new store, saying it would have been detrimental to a threatened species of snake that lived on the site.  The company already operates one store in Toms River, which Keene said was remodeled in 2016, and has more than 70 locations in the Garden State. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart announced it will hire about 10,000 more people across the country in 59 new, expanded or relocated stores. A company spokesman told NJ Advance Media in January that a new location will be opening in Egg Harbor by this fall. Rajeev Dhir may be reached at rdhir@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @googasmammoo. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 17/03/2017 06:46:59 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 18:30 | 09/03/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Vietnamese fish, seafood segment isn’t ‘cashing in’ with Walmart Nearly one hundred farmers and exporters recently attended a business forum on the ins and outs of contract fish and shrimp farming for US based retail giant Walmart, organized by the Vietnam Association of Seafood Exporters and Producers. Speaking at the forum, Nguyen Hoai Anh, deputy director of Thuan Phuong Company, said that the opportunity to supply millions of fish and seafood products to the 5,000 US Walmart stores under a Vietnamese brand is a dream that is not likely to happen anytime soon. The problems relate to the fact that exporters do not understand the business model of Walmart and currently lack the infrastructure and sophistication to handle replenishment needs, logistics, and turnaround times. Mr Anh noted that working as a supplier to Walmart of an independent brand is a full-time round-the-clock job, that requires an undergraduate degree from an accredited university in business administration at a minimum. A master of arts degree in business administration would be preferable and they must be fluent in the English language. Until the segmentupsizes and develops the infrastructure, processing and management capabilities, the only viable option to consider is licensing fish and seafood products to Walmart under its Great Value brand. This approach would at least give the segment time to scale up to meet the needs of Walmart in line with a multi-year sustainable strategy. Understand the true cost of fish and seafood products It can be challenging to meet the pricing demands of Walmart, said Mr Anh, which are lower than most retail companies in the US and often so low there are no earnings to be made in selling products at the retailer unless sales are in the millions of products weekly. Mr Anh added that his company has over recent years only been averaging 3-5 million products per year in sales at Walmart and earnings have been miniscule. As part of its long-term plan to scaleup production the company is planning the opening of two processing plants in the southern province of Long An. A representative from the Cuu Long Fish Joint Stock Company in turn talked about the strict requirements of proving financial capacity, production capability, supply chain security and corporate responsibilityto become an independent brand seller at Walmart. Lastly, a representative from the Dong Hung Industrial Joint Stock Company noted thatthe earnings at Walmart are minimal and it may not even be worth selling products at the chain on a small scale. Selling product at Walmart is all about being an expert at brand building, cutting costs to a minimum, being technically proficient in all the latest technology, having a thorough understanding of business administration and selling products on a massive scale, if the segment is to cash in at Walmart, Hung underscored. Walmart Stores, Inc. operates retail stores in various formats around the globe. The company operates its business through three reportable segments: Walmart US, Walmart International and Sam's Club. The Walmart US segment includes the company's mass merchant concept in the US, operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brand, as well as walmart.com and offers financial services and related products including money orders, prepaid cards, wire transfers, check cashing and bill payment. The Walmart International segment includes numerous formats of retail stores, restaurants, wholesale clubs, including Sam's Clubs, and various retail websites that operate outside the US. This segment operates units in three major categories: retail, wholesale and other which consists of numerous formats, including discount stores, supermarkets, supercentres, hypermarkets, retail websites, warehouse clubs, restaurants and apparel stores.  VOV Vietnamese fish, seafood segment isn’t ‘cashing in’ with Walmart, vietnam economy, business news, vn news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, vn news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Seven goods items earn billions of USD from export in first 2 months Quang Ninh: Tonkin Gulf fishery logistics centre to be launched EU, ASEAN agree to resume FTA negotiations ASEAN members look to single aviation market China set to cut into India, Vietnam rice exports in 2017 - USDA Vietnam halts poultry imports from avian flu hit US states Deal expected to revive Vietnam's coffee industry More strikes of false advertising at Alma resort HCM City sees sharp increase in condo projects Vincom sues Platinum Cineplex     Top Stories Outstanding events of Vietnam's startup community in 2016 Ministry of Industry & Trade's biggest problems in 2016 Many hidden billionaires now out of the closet Mobile network operators shift to providing content services Heaven Pond – Fairy Spring in Phu Tho Vietnam considers changing water source management Students furious as theses sell cheaply on internet E-commerce's biggest rivals: S Korea, Thailand, China Poor infrastructure obstructs logistics development Hanoi House - A must-visit coffee shop in Hanoi Latest News Da Nang inks first deal in Open Source Software education HCM City launches digital traffic app Clubs compete for gold in sepak takraw tourney German, VN musicians and dancers present Italian songs Supreme Procuracy orders probe on Vung Tau paedophile BUSINESS IN BRIEF 16/3 China upset at high Vietnam tariffs on steel imports Quang Binh to popularise tourism in Hanoi Da Nang tops PCI ranking for 4th consecutive year Airbus, Vietnam Airlines provide transport of medical equipment     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart is Hammering Rival Retail Stocks The retail giant's recovery can best be seen in the struggles of its closest competitors. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Mar 9, 2017 at 6:08PM Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) stock has lagged the broader market over the last year, but there's clear evidence that the company's efforts to overhaul its business are having an effect, especially on the rest of retail. Over the last year, the world's largest retailer has raised wages and increased and streamlined employee development. It's also driven comparable sales increases by investing in stores to clean them up and make sure shelves are adequately stocked. On the e-commerce front, Wal-Mart has rapidly expanded its online grocery pickup program, and completed a $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com that gave a jolt to its online sales growth. Traffic at Wal-Mart continues to rise, even while much of the rest of retail is suffering -- shoppers have begun to avoid malls and instead shop online, and department stores almost universally reported declines in comparable sales. And Wal-Mart's strategy, while failing to boost its own share price, has squeezed a few of its closest competitors. Let's take a closer look. Image source: Motley Fool. 1. Target  Target (NYSE:TGT) was once the cheap chic answer to Wal-Mart, widely praised for its partnerships with fashion labels and mix of affordable household products, but the company seems to have found itself in a no-man's land with the rise of e-commerce and a resurgent Wal-Mart. Shares of the big-box chain sunk to a near five-year low after an underwhelming holiday-quarter earnings report and weak guidance for 2017. The stock dropped 12% following the release as Target said comparable sales fell 1.5%, 3.3% when online sales are removed. Adjusted earnings per share fell from $1.52 to $1.45, missing estimates at $1.51, while overall revenue dropped for the sixth straight quarter, falling 4.3% to $20.7 billion, due in part to the sale of its pharmacy business to CVS. Target announced a revamp plan, similar to the one Wal-Mart offered two years ago, as it plans to invest to make its stores more inviting. The retailer continues to struggle with its grocery department and its pricing, and its 2017 earnings forecast was $3.80-$4.20, well below the consensus at $5.35. 2. Kroger Wal-Mart's recent efforts to lower prices on groceries seems to have added to Target's problems, and they've certainly created challenges for Kroger Inc (NYSE:KR) at a time when the nation's largest traditional grocer is already struggling with food deflation. Like Target, Kroger's shares also fell after its own recent underwhelming earnings report, approaching a two-year low. The supermarket chain also saw its 13-year streak of same-store quarterly sales increases come to an end as comps fell 0.7% in its fourth-quarter report. Sales were already sliding going into the report on news that Wal-Mart, the country's biggest grocery seller, was cutting prices. In its 2017 guidance, Kroger said it expected same-store sales growth of just 0-1%, and for EPS to be essentially flat once the extra calendar week is removed. In response to the sluggish growth, Kroger offered hundreds of employees early retirement buyouts, and management also said it would invest in stores and e-commerce offerings like its Clicklist pickup program and a delivery pilot program with Uber.  3. Dollar General While Dollar General (NYSE:DG) has not yet reported fourth-quarter earnings, the dollar-store chains have found themselves squarely in Wal-Mart's sites as the retail giant cuts prices in an attempt to claw back market share from those companies. Dollar General stock surged in the post-recession years as it expanded rapidly and saw sales grow as struggling Americans traded down. More recently, however, the company has seen comparable sales decline amid Wal-Mart's efforts to revamp itself. The stock has also pulled back on weak reports from peers such as Kroger and Target, and on news of poor retail sales in February. The discount chain has also aggressively been opening new stores, but that strategy may backfire as more sales go online and many other retailers shutter stores. With other Wal-Mart rivals struggling, there's a good chance Dollar General will sell off after its earnings report as well. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Mar 9, 2017 at 6:08PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.44 down $0.14 (-0.20%) Target NYSE:TGT $54.59 up $0.02 (0.04%) Kroger NYSE:KR $29.32 up $0.48 (1.66%) Dollar General NYSE:DG $73.20 up $0.39 (0.54%) CVS Health NYSE:CVS $79.56 down $0.17 (-0.21%) Read More Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Wal-Mart Tried to Take on Amazon Prime and Failed Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart is Hammering Rival Retail Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $TGT, $KR, $DG, $CVS
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 56° Fair Hi 64° Lo 31° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Courtesy/Doug Slaight A Toyota pickup truck ran a red light on West Victory Way at Walmart and struck an empty tanker truck that was turning through the intersection. The driver and a young child were transported to The Memorial Hospital and were released with no major injuries. Tanker accident temporarily closes westbound Victory Way Wednesday morning By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Thursday, March 9, 2017 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Craig  A crash involving a semi tanker truck and a Toyota pickup truck temporarily closed westbound Victory Way about 6:45 a.m. Wednesday at the intersection of Sixth Avenue West at Walmart. One eastbound lane remained open. Courtesy/Doug Slaight The crash at West Victory Way and Sixth Avenue West at Walmart closed Victory Way early Wednesday morning until officials were able to clean up the site. The tanker was leaving Walmart and turning on a green light, as reported by a witness who was traveling behind the tanker. Traveling eastbound, the pickup truck didn’t stop in time for the red light and struck the tanker, lodging itself under the rear of the trailer. The passengers of the truck, a man and a small child, were transported to The Memorial Hospital as an extra precaution, and both were released with no major injuries, according to Craig Police Officer Ryan Fritz. The driver of the truck was issued a citation for failing to stop at the red light. The semi was able to drive away with some damage to the plumbing of the tank, which was empty at the time of the accident. It had been en route to pick up materials from Craig Station. Craig Police Department and Craig Fire/Resuce responded to the scene, followed by a Colorado Department of Transportation crew. “A huge thanks to the CDOT crew that responded quickly,” Fritz said. “They were very effective in helping detour traffic around (the accident) and clearing up after it.” More like this story Scam calls surge in Craig: On the record for March 7, 8 Pickup truck, SUV involved in Craig collision Craig man charged in Sunday accident Woman flown to Denver after crash on Rabbit Ears Pass Moffat County High School student dies in collision with semi truck Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Craig Police Department warns of new scam 2 comments 2017 Election Guide: Q&A with Craig City Council and mayoral candidates 4 comments Melton and Elaine Sullivan: We support Ponikvar 1 comment Allen Hischke: A rec center, really? 2 comments Tax ballot question to be discussed Thursday at community forum in Craig 3 comments Brandi Meek: State sales tax could increase too 1 comment Moffat County Tourism Association to relocate, again 1 comment Juniper Hot Springs targeted by vandalism, future development plans uncertain 1 comment Craig receives $930K for sidewalks connecting Ridgeview to city 1 comment Curtain opens Friday on 71-year-old Craig tradition 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Current Issue Recent Issues Customer Service Advertise News Recent Headlines Ferrous Nonferrous Plastics Paper Municipal Electronics Glass Tires Safety Legislation & Regulations Certification Equipment & Products Conferences & Events Personnel Industry Tools RMDAS Pricing Maps, Lists & Web Extras RT Buyers' guide Directories Classifieds Store Media All Video Editorial Video Sponsored Video 2016 Paper & Plastics Recycling Conference WasteExpo Show Dailies 2016 PPRC Video Show Dailies Magazine Current Issue Current Digital Edition Recent Issues Subscribe Advertise (Media Kit) Contact Recycling Today Media Group Publications Events Events Recycling Today Media Group Events Industry Events Subscribe Subscribe to our Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Log In Plastics Recycling 2017: Beyond the buzzwords Creating a reliable supply chain that incorporates recycling. March 9, 2017 DeAnne Toto Subscribe Conferences & Events Plastics Pictured above, from left: Rick Perez of Avangard Innovative, Zach Freeze of Wal-Mart and Stephen Sikra of Procter & Gamble.    Circular economy and sustainable materials management (SMM) are buzzwords that have gained popularity recently; but, as one speaker at Plastics Recycling 2017 said, both concepts have the same goal: creating a reliable supply chain that incorporates recyclables. Nina Goodrich of GreenBlue and the Sustainable Packaging Coalition (SPC), Charlottesville, Virginia, said SMM and the circular economy, two approaches to using and reusing materials more productively over their lives, had more similarities than differences. She added that both approaches are concerned with creating a “reliable supply chain from waste.” Goodrich and the other speakers during the session stressed that this would need to be a collaborative process if it was going to be successful. The opening plenary session at Plastics Recycling 2017, hosted by Resource Recycling, Portland, Oregon, at the Hyatt Regency New Orleans March 6-8, looked at how these concepts are shaping sustainability initiatives that brand owners and retailers are championing.   To assist with realizing the goal of incorporating recyclables into the supply chain , the SPC joined with The Recycling Partnership, Falls Church, Virginia, to form Applying Systems Thinking to Recycling (ASTRX). The partners say ASTRX combines the expertise of both organizations to build a roadmap for strengthening the American recycling industry through collaboration. The goal of ASTRX and its founding partners is “to create robust confidence in the recycling system so people will invest in recycled content,” Goodrich siad. The recycling system comprises five elements, she said: end markets, reprocessing, sorting, collection and consumer engagement. The SPC’s How2Recycle Label, a standardized labeling system designed to clearly communicate recycling instructions to the public, can help to address the issue of collection. Additionally, Goodrich said SPC recently introduced a new online platform for How2Recycle that automates the process of working with the organization to use the label. Goodrich says the label helps brand owners “distinguish between lookalikes in packaging” and helps municipalities “eliminate wishful recycling.” She said the new How2Recycle Label platform would enable packaging recyclability to be tracked and would provide brand owners with additional tools to improve packaging recyclability.   Goodrich added that packaging design and collection must be linked to realize the goals of SMM and the circular economy. Rick Perez, president of waste optimization company Avangard Innovative, Houston, discussed his company’s approach to maximizing the volume and value of recyclables from the clients it serves through its Natura Zero program. “The circular economy is the right thing to do,” he said, adding that the concept focuses on using the least amount of resources and generating the least amount of waste in creating a product, as well as on recapturing that product at the end of its life. Perez said AI’s goal is to minimize the amount of material going to the landfill, so the company often works backward from that goal to find solutions for difficult-to-recycle materials generated by its clients. “There has to be an answer,” Perez said when it came to challenging materials. However, he added that solutions need to make sense environmentally, economically and socially.   Recycled products often can be viewed as inferior to prime products, Perez said, adding, “We need to change the way we think of recycled content.” To do this, he said, facts and data are necessary. “To sustain plastics recycling, we must use technology and collaborate throughout the supply chain.” Stephen Sikra, who is responsible for the development of people, packages and processes at Procter & Gamble Co. (P&G), Cincinnati, said his company’s goals are to use 20 percent less material in its packaging and to double its use of recycled resin in packaging. “We want your PCR (postconsumer recycled resin),” he told attendees. Sikra added the P&G recognizes that it has a role to play in recycling by designing packaging for recycling, inspiring consumers to recycle, advancing recycling infrastructure and creating demand for PCR. When it comes to investing in recycling infrastructure, the company is working with the Closed Loop Fund and The Recycling Partnership, he said. Other recycling-related collaborations P&G is involved in include the How2Recycle Label, Materials Recovery for the Future and TerraCycle. P&G funds recycling programs managed by TerraCycle for packaging that cannot be recycled via curbside programs, Skira said. “TerraCycle is a bridging program until curbside recycling is available for packages that offer better overall sustainability but may not be recyclable at the curbside.” One of collaborations between P&G and TerraCycle will use plastics collected at beaches to produce the bottles for Head & Shoulders. The bottles will be made from up to 25 percent recycled beach plastic. P&G, in partnership with TerraCycle and Suez Environnement, based in Paris, will begin the recycling program in France by the middle of this year, producing a limited-edition shampoo bottle. The shampoo will be sold through the retailer Carrefour.   Regarding P&G’s commitment to using recycled PCR, Sikra said the company has done so for 28 years. In 2015-16, P&G used 34,000 tons of PCR annually and is working up to using 52,000 tons annually. He added that the company uses recycled plastics in good times and in bad, though it may sometime sandwich that content between virgin resin to get the look and performance required for a package. However, he added that a consistent commitment to using PCR allows the company to get the best price possible for the material. Skira said supply of and demand for PCR must be balanced in “an open-minded way,” which would require “innovation and responsibility across the entire value chain.”    Wal-Mart’s Zach Freeze, senior director of strategic initiatives, sustainability, said the company began its sustainability journey in 2005 after Hurricane Katrina. Its goals are to achieve zero waste, use 100 percent renewable energy (Wal-Mart currently is using 84 percent renewable energy.) and sell products that sustain people and the environment, he added. The company has shifted its thinking away from waste diversion to value creation, Freeze said, and does so in four areas: working with suppliers on package design, improving recovery of materials within its operations, using customer-friendly labeling and support of the Closed Loop Fund through the Wal-Mart Foundation. Wal-Mart introduced its Packaging Playbook in October of 2016. Freeze said sustainable packaging focuses on optimizing design, using the right amount of packaging and the least amount of material possible. Additionally, Wal-Mart seeks to source sustainably by using recycled or renewable content and to support recycling by designing for recyclability and communicating recyclability. By 2025, he said, Wal-Mart wants to use 100 percent recyclable packaging for its private label brands. Freeze said in addition to the environmental benefits of using PCR content in packaging, doing so can offer more price stability when virgin pricing increases. Plastics Recycling 2017 was March 6-8 in New Orleans.  Circular economy Related Circular economy in the spotlight at Plastics Recycling Conference Europe 2016 PPRC Europe: Different ways to draw a circle 2016 World Recycling Forum: Loops and circles Most Shared Avangard Innovative to produce recycled LDPE pellets Closed Loop Fund seeks RFPs for polypropylene projects Owner of Wisconsin scrap company charged with theft Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sponsors Editorial Video DELVING INTO POSTINDUSTRIAL PLASTICS Most Popular International truck introduces A26 engine True to its word Embezzlement plot involved scrap metal sales 20 Largest Ferrous Scrap Processors Foundry employees receive seven-count indictment for violations News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Advertise Contact Recycling Today Global Edition Construction & Demolition Recycling Waste Today Storage & Destruction Business © 2017 GIE Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 16, 9:00 PM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Dead Sharks Are Popping Up In Florida Parking Lots and Driveways By Josh Keefe @thejoshkeefe On 03/09/17 AT 4:44 PM Close Two dead sharks were found in a parking lot and on a driveway in St. Augustine, Florida, in the last week.  Workers at a  Walmart found a 5-foot dead shark in a shopping cart in the store's driveway Friday, the St. Augustine Record reported Wednesday. Sheriff's deputies responded to a call from one of the store's assistant managers and found the shark near an RV parked in the lot. The RV's owner told deputies he heard noises outside his vehicle early in the morning, but assumed they came from Walmart employees moving carts. When he woke up, he found the shark on the hood of his RV. Not sure what to do with the dead animal, he moved it to a cart. Read: Shark Fins Transported Into Hong Kong Illegally By Hundreds Of Thousands, Investigation Finds The deputies then called the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, which sent officers to remove the shark for disposal.  Then on Wednesday, the St. John's County Sheriff's office took another dead shark call. This time deputies found a dead shark in a driveway in Vilano Beach, across the Tolomato River from St. Augustine.  Florida has a long history with residents struggling to dispose of exotic animals. In 2004, the New York Times noted that "more imported animals are flown to Miami than any other American city but New York and Los Angeles." Many of those animals are then abandoned, and in tropical Florida, they often survive. For example, thousands of Burmese pythons, which are native to Southeast Asia, are now believed to populate the Everglades. The pythons, which can grow to 26 feet, are causing havoc on the ecosystem and have spread to the Florida Keys. The invasive predators are breeding so far from their native habitat because exotic animal collectors began abandoning them in the Everglades in the 1980s.  Related Stories Illegal Shark Fin Trade Continues Undercover Despite Ban Watch This Daring Man Save A Shark [VIDEO] Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Firearm Makers Among Top Short Trades Under Trump Shares of firearms makers Sturm Ruger & Company (RGR.N), American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC.O) and Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO.N) are down by between 17 percent and 47 percent since Election Day. Technology Apple Rolls Out iOS 10.3 Beta 7 Apple is giving developers and beta testers another pre-release version of its next major iOS 10 update. World Is US Responsible For Mosque Bombing That Killed, Injured Dozens? The airstrike about 20 miles west of Aleppo occurred during evening prayers, killing 42 and injuring more than 100. National Employees Have Tools To Determine Fair Wages Gauging the level of pay for an employee can be difficult but there are helpful ways to get a better grasp. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, March 15, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on March 09, 2017 at 2:55 PM, updated March 09, 2017 at 3:43 PM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: this parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services Nurse Clinic: Mondays 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m. Thursdays 1:30-3:30 p.m. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m. with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the second/fourth Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: free, evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. Hot Lunch: served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: this program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley, $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Tutoring Lessons: Free one on one, to make an appointment lease leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060. Computer Lab: available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Peapod by Stop and Shop: do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to be placed a day ahead. There is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. Caregivers Support Group: March 23, 1:30-3 p.m. COA Meeting: 2nd Thursday of the month, 9-10:30 a.m. SHINE: March 20, 1-4 p.m. Brown Bag Pick Up: 1st Thursday of the month, 2-4 p.m. Caregivers Loaning Library: to borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith: Estate Planning and Elder Law: Third Fri., March 17, 1-4 p.m. AARP Tax Aide Program 2016: Thursdays, Feb. 9-April 13, 9 a.m.-1 p.m., providing free tax return preparation, please call 413-259-3060 to schedule an appointment. Name That Tune: usually the 1st and 3rd Mondays year round, 11-11:45 a.m. Joy of Song: March 16, 1-2 p.m. CLASSES/SEMINARS Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Feb. 3-June 23, 3-4 p.m. Strength In Numbers: Wednesdays, 2:30-3:30 p.m., March 1-April 5. A free educational series for preventing falls in older adults. Cosmology March 21, 1-3 p.m. The EPR Paradox and Quantum Entanglement: Tuesdays, 3-14/5-2, 1-3 p.m. Anthropology of Deviance: Thursdays, 2-2/3-16, 10:30 a.m.-noon Car Tips by Mark Whitney: 1:30-3:30 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS March 22: Strength in Numbers/Fall Prevention, 2:30-3:30 p.m. March 26: The Valley's Got Talent, 2-4 p.m. at Buckley Recital Hall. An amateur talent competition, 1st prize $1000, 2nd prize $500 and 3rd prize $250. The audience and a panel of 5 judges will pick the winners. Audience tickets will be available soon. TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Mar. 24, 2017: Boston Flower and Garden Show and optional lunch at Maggiano's, cost $65. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, cost $120. May 13-19, 2017: Barcelona Spain, 7 days, 8 meals, 5 breakfasts, 1 lunch and 2 dinners, per person rates, double $3879, single $4579, triple $3849, included in prices is the round trip air, attractions, insurance ($280), air taxes, and hotel transfers. June 18: Fathers Day Drovers Roast at the Salem Cross Inn in west Brookfield, $75/pp, leave at noon and return 4:30-5 p.m. June 30: Day on your own in Hampton Beach, NH, $55/pp, leave at 8 a.m. and return 9-9:30 p.m. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; Soothing stretch, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: first Thurs. of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital Camera Classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: every Tuesday of the month, 1:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m.: Book Club: 3rd Tuesday of the month, 1 p.m. Walmart or Big Y: March 17 and 31. door to door service, $3 round trip, please call Kim at 413-323-0420, ext. 508 to schedule your ride. Esthetician Services Offered: facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: First Friday of the month, April 7, 1 p.m. Senior Center Van: shop at Walmart or Big Y in Ware, door to door service round trip $3, please call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Upcoming Events March 16: Enjoy a morning of Irish history, music, crafts, a slide show of Ireland and a corned beef meal. Sign up begins on March 1st and ther meal donation is $4. March 22: Valley Time Trade, 10 a.m. The VTT is an exchange system that allows community members to trade services. Time is used to pay for the service rather than currency. Those interested can sign up at www.ValleyTimeTrade.org and click on the "Join". If you are not tech savvy come to one of the presentations and someone will assist you. Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. May 9: A Taste of Providence, $74/pp July 7: The Spirit of Johnny Cash Oct. 3: The Naugy, $80/pp WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, sewing class, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Senator Gobi: March 21, 11 a.m.-noon Brown Bag: 2nd Friday of the month, 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: March 21, 10:30 a.m. Message with Vicki: By appointment, 9:15-11:15 a.m., $5 for ten minutes and $15 for twenty minutes. Monthly Movie: March 17, 11 a.m., Hunt for the Wilderpeople. Lunch Club: This is a self pay lunch club Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. Sarah the Fiddler: March 31, 7 p.m., Brimfield Town Hall. This is a fund raiser for the center and will offer complimentary food, beverages and a bounty of basket raffles. Advanced tickets are $12 (please call the center) and $15 at the door. Parking is free. UPCOMING EVENTS March 21: Lunch and Learn, 11:15 a.m., how to protect yourself from scams. Lunch is available for $2 suggested donation. Please call prior to 11 a.m. March 20 to reserve March 24: St. Patrick's Day Brunch, 11 a.m.-1 p.m., traditional Irish luncheon. March birthdays will be celebrated. There is a $5 suggested donation for this party. Please reserve your set prior to March 20. March 31: Clutter Control and Why We Have Too Much Stuff, 10 a.m., please call before March 28 to reserve your space. TRIPS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Arthritis Class: 10:30 a.m., this class is mostly seated Bingo: 2nd and 4th Wed. of each month, snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card, .25 a game, coverall prize $20 Cardio Chair Dancing: On hold till spring Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. Cup of Conversation: 1st Fri. of the month, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Redefined Yoga: Thursdays 10-11 a.m., work at your own pace and ability level, suitable for wheelchair /chair bound. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursdays 9-10 a.m., total body workout to upbeat music, uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi - Qugong Classes: Tuesdays and Fridays 9:30-10:30 a.m., strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well being. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday, prizes and snack bar. Yoga: Wednesday, 5:45 a.m. Stretch and strengthen your body, relax your mind and unwind. Suitable for all levels of fitness. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. Computer Collaborative: New and open to the public. Classes are aimed at functional computer users who would like to learn more about how to expand their knowledge. Limit of 9 seats per class which meets tow times per month. You must register for each class separately. Beginner email, video basics and adaptive devices for hearing and sight. March 15, 2 p.m. Online shopping and internet safety, call for March date. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesday's and Thursday's at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment center. Billards: call for days and time, donations welcome Mini Hair Salon: March 17, 9 a.m.-noon, $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: March 20, 1-3 p.m., please call to preregister. Genealogy Club: March 22, 2 p.m. Foot and Nail Care: 2nd Wednesday of the month by appointment. Foot care cost is $29 and the nail care cost is $10. Foot care also available in your home, cost $50. Payment is due at the time of your appointment. Yoga Dance: We need a minimum of 6 in order for classes to run. cost is $32/month 55+ and $40/month for out of town, payable in advance. Monthly Movie: March 16, 12:30, The Secret Life of Pets Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., Mens Curmudgeon Group: March 23, 12:30 p.m. SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon TRANQUILITY ROOM EVENTS Reflexology for hands and feet: Thursdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Reiki with Muriel: $15 for 30 minutes. Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Tai Chi: Interested in Tai Chi for April, call to register and pay by March 30. Friday's 9:30-10:30 a.m., cost $32 Bio Heatmat: Fridays by appointment, $5 donation to the center appreciated. Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Pepin Street School History Project: The Easthampton Council on Aging is delighted to collaborate with Miss Harwood's 3rd grade class at Pepin Street School on a History Project. If you are 80 and home bound this will be an opportunity to reach out into your community and share your story. The children will use the computers at school to connect with you. We will provide a lap top for you to converse with them right in the comfort of your own home. The questions that will be asked will be determined by you and the teacher. If your are interested please contact Holly Handfield Outreach Coordinator at 413-527-6151, ext. 15. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS March 16: M.E.L.T. one time only class for March, free out of town cost is $5 payable in advance. You must preregister by March 13.; Release, Restore and Rebalance, 2 p.m., free special one time class for March, out of town cost is $5 payable in advance. You must preregister by March 13. March 17: Walk or snowshoe in Arcadia, 9 a.m. Please call to preregister by March 15. March 23: New England in Story and Song, 1 p.m. Limited seating please preregister by March 20, free program. LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; Release, Restore and Rebalance, 10:30 p.m.; M.E.L.T. That Pain Away, 1 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month, 1-3 P.M. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: March 23, board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Movie Matinee: Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. March, 30: Singing In The Rain, 1 p.m. Pizza and Movie: The Long, Long Trailer, March 1, pizza is $3 per person and the movie is free, call to reserve your seat, must be ordered by noon on Feb. 28. Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Brown Bag/SNAP: First Thurs. of the month, 10-11 a.m. Blood Pressure Clinic: First Thurs. of the month, 10-11 a.m. Zumba: 10:30 a.m. New participants must sign an exercise release form. HIGHLIGHTS Strength in Numbers, A Fall Prevention Program: March 9-April 27, 11 a.m.-noon. You are asked to commit to attending all 6 one hour free sessions. VNA physical and occupational therapists will lead sessions on determining risk of falling, strengthening exercises, balance activities, managing medications, visual concerns and home safety recommendations. Pratical items such as strengthening devices, mediation organizers and visual aids will be given to series participants. Registration is required by March 3, space is limited to 20. Senior Tax Work Off Program Information Session: April 10, 11:00 a.m.-noon. This is for Greenfield homeowners, age 60+. We will be sharing information on qualifications, regulations and important dates. To register please contact the front desk, attendance at the workshop is not required to to apply for the STWO program which begins in July. My Life, My Health: March 15-April 19, 2:30-5 p.m. This is a free six session workshop designed for individuals with one or more chronic health conditions such as diabetes, arthritis, COPD or heart disease. The workshop is centered on the creation of weekly action plans that help motivate you to manage chronic conditions. Please register in advance. Seniority Dance Company: Rehearsals Wednesdays 11:30 a.m.-noon or 5:30-7 p.m., beginning March 22. Kathy Steinem choreographs and directs this group now staring their second season. Dancers rehearse and perform Seniority's repertoire throughout the community. Some dance or movement experience is expected. Free of charge, newcomers welcome. Registration is required. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better tha a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. Veterans Service Agent: Wednesdays 10 a.m.-noon or you may call 413-587-1299. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets, call 1-603-518-5368. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: Second and fourth Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: Third Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10. a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603- 518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tue. and Thur. at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class is with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Mar. 23, 2017: Westchester Broadway Theatre to see Mama Mia, luncheon and matinee, $119. Call Jane Nevinsmith 413-586-3772 Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Mississippi River Cruise: April 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the fourth Wednesday of the month. Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. COA Meeting: 2nd Tuesday of the month OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: March 21, 1 p.m. Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. Foot Care: March 30, please call for an appointment. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: Apr. 7, 10 a.m.-noon AMP: March 24, 10 a.m. Memory Cafe: March 17 and 31, 9:30 a.m.-2 p.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Memory Writing: March 15, 10 a.m. Monthly Breakfast: March 23, 9 a.m., $3, beignets, ham and egg bake, fruit wedges and juice, please sign up at the front desk or call 413-566-5588. Movies, Mondays at 12:15 March 20: The Shallows March 27: Captain Fantastic UPCOMING EVENTS: call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events March 16: Poetry Open Mic, 11:00 a.m. March 17: St. Pattys Luncheon, 11:30 a.m., cost $5 March 24 and 25: Murder on the Rebound a Who Dunnit Mystery. Doors open at 6 p.m., show starts at 7 p.m., cost 25. TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net May 20: Blue Man Group, matinee, lunch on our own at CambridgeSide Galleria, reserve orchestra seats for a hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $91/pp. June 25: Cape Cod Canal Cruise, lunch at Lindsey's Family Restaurant in East Wareham, cruise the canal out of Onset with entertainment on board, $85/pp. July 25: Newport Playhouse and Cabaret, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of comedy Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept. 13: Thimble Island Cruise, visit USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, Waterfront Lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated Island Cruise, $78/pp. Maximum 48 passengers, part of the cost for this trip is donated to the center. Oct. 13: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, delicious dinner on board, visit to Anheuser Busch Brewery,, $86/pp, maximum 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, delicious family style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club in Plantsville, Ct. Complimentary glass of wine or beer, vegas style show and door prizes, $76/pp. TRAVEL CLUB May 18: London and Paris. Jun. 4-12: Northern California, trains and wineries. Napa Valley wine train, San Fran Bay Cruise, Sonoma Wine Country and Winery tours, Yosemite and more. Sep. 8-15: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27-Nov. 5: Hawaii, Includes a 7 night cruise aboard Pride of American. ACTIVITY CORNER Art is 4 Every: Thursdays, noon Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9:15 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Last Mon. of the month, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: YMCA, Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Alice Boutique: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. Fitness Room: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. Pen Pals: We are looking for volunteers to be pen pals with a class at Chapin Street School. The project is still in the works but the goal would be to exchange letters with the class over the span of a few months and meet during Global Play Day in February. If you are interested sign up at the front desk and Sarah will contact you with more details. RMV Near Me: 1:30-3:30 p.m. Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES: March 17, 11 a.m., St. Patric's Day Lunch. Be sure to wear green and be prepared for a fun concert. Birthday Lunch: March 15, 11:30 a.m. Let us know know when you sign up for lunch that it's your birthday and your meal is on us. MEDICAL SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesdays, 1-2 p.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy. 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: March 28, Deb Stroetzel from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: March 22, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: March 22, 10:30 a.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: 2nd Thursday of the month, 10:30 a.m. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. Brown Bag Program: March 21, from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. Council On Aging Board Meeting: March 15, Third Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. Men's Breakfast Club: March 31, Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m., in Wilbraham. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: April 12, Second Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. Umass Nursing Students: This is a series of engaging discussions designed to inform and encourage. Sign up at the front desk for any or all of the topics. Free giveaways and fun for those who attend. Size is limited so register early all classes begin at 10 a.m. March 22: Pain, Pain Go Away March 29: iMed: Useful Health Apps April 5: Eat Right, Be Happy April 12: Is It Nap Time Yet File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. AARP Tax Appointments: Beginning Fridays in Feb., call 413-583-3564 to schedule an appointment. Fuel Assistance: Applications are still available. Lunch and Learn: MMWEC Safety Presentation, March 28, noon. Participants are served lunch from the kitchen during the presentation. You must register at the front desk in order to attend. SPECIAL EVENTS March 13-17: Shamrock Fundraiser, The Friends will be selling Shamrocks for $1 each. You can write your name or the name of a loved one and will be used as decorations around the center. March 21: Evening Trivia, 5:30 p.m. March 22: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill, 9:30 a.m., cost $3 plus the cost of your supplies, please preregister. March 23: Cracking Open, Falling Up, stories of life, love and chutzpah, 1:30 p.m. March 29: RMV Near Me, 1:30-3:30 MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. March 20/21: Manchester By The Sea March 27/28: Hacksaw Ridge MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. March 16: Till The Clouds Roll By March 30: Royal Wedding TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. Eastfiled Mall or Stop and Shop: 12:30-3 p.m., cost $2 Senior Social Club: 1st Thursday of the month, 9:30 a.m. Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, Feb. 28 - April 7, 9 a.m., $3 a session $33 for 11 classes, see Sarah for details. Bring the Body, Mind and Breath Connection to Life: March 15-May 10, 3-3:45 p.m., cost $18 Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, Feb. 9 - May 25, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS March 24: Bowling Trip, 9:30 a.m., cost $7 March 30: Lunch Bunch: Casa Bella, 11:15 a.m., cost $2 WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; women's billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, cribbage 1 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: Second Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Mystery Book Club: March 15, 7 p.m. Movie: March 20, 1:30 p.m., Hacksaw Ridge Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Wednesdays, 12:45-2:45 p.m., by appointment only. Foot Clinic: 3rd Wed. of the month, March15, by appointment only. Photo Club: 1st Fri. of the month, April 7, 1:30 p.m. Blood Pressure Clinic: 1st Tues. of the month, April 4, 10 a.m. NCOA Board Meeting: 2nd Thursday of the month, 1:30 p.m. Brown Bag: 2nd Thurs. of the month, 10 a.m. Nutritional Outreach: 3rd Friday of the month, March 17, 10:30 a.m. AARP Tax: Wednesdays through April 12 by appointment only. Landscape for Life: Fee based classes open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Chess Lessons: John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Upcoming Events March 21: Disability Commission meeting, 4 p.m. DAY TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 April 27: Boston fine arts Museum, $71, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. April 29: Annie, the Musical at the palace Theater, Waterbury Ct. $133, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. May 6: Patriots Place Museum, $76, lunch included at Luciano's, deadline to sign up is April 6. May 11: Norman Rockwell Museum with special Hanna Barbera exhibit, $57, lunch is on your own at Michaels Restaurant, deadline to sign up is April 11. June 19: The Tall Ships come to Boston Harbor, 50 vessels from 20 countries, $118, deadline to sign up is May 1, wait list only July 16: Gloucester Harbor Cruise, $116, lunch is included at the Gloucester House, deadline to sign up is June 17. Oct. 5: Moon River, Andy Williams songs performed by Jimmy Osmond, Lunch is included at Mohegan Sun Casino, $87, deadline to sign up is Sept. 5. EXTENDED TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21-27, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat, passport is needed, deadline to sign up is March 1. Aug. 20-27, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June), passport is required, deadline is May 1. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; duplicate bridge, noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); Chair Volleyball, 2 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; mixed level tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; advanced beginner tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, bingo, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free Tips To Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. 50+ Job Seekers Networking Group: March 10 and 24, 10 a.m.-noon, we will be meeting biweekly on the 2nd and 4th Friday of each month, new topic each meeting. Medical Advocate: We have started a medical advocate program to provide a driver and a person to help you at the Dr. office and be your ears and eyes. You will need to call and schedule the appointment with us and also sign off that you give permission for this person to accompany you into the doctors office. All information is completely confidential. This program is only for those who need the help because they do not hear will or do not understand what the Dr. is telling them. AARP Tax Preparation: Feb. 14 and continuing every Tuesday until April 11. This is a volunteer run tax assistance and preparation service and is free. It is available to tax payers with low and moderate incomes and residents age 60 and older. Game Day: March 15, 12:15 p.m., play some new games, refreshments and drinks provided. No need to register. Blue Cross Blue Shield: April 7, 12:30 p.m., Health plan options for people with Medicare and Dental Blue 65, you must call to register. Umass Nursing Students: Every Wednesdays until April 12. They will provide us with individual assessments and also group activities. Living Your Life Well: April 5, 10 a.m.-noon. Learn how to become stronger and more resilient with lunch to follow. Space is limited and you must call to register. Nutrition and Wellness For Older Adults: learn about reading nutrition labels, healthy delicious meals and snack ideas, shopping and cooking meals for one or two and reducing sugar and sodium and eating more veggies, fruits and whole grains. Cooking Matters At the Store: March 29, 12:30-2 p.m., learn to shop smarter on a budget. Buy more fruits and vegetables, compare unit prices to find bargains, understand food labels, find whole grains and stick to your budget. After the workshop you will receive a $10 gift card to a local supermarket, a book full of healthy reciepes and shopping tips and a free reusable grocery bag. Call to register. Welcome Spring Breakfast: March 23, 9 a.m., free breakfast to welcome spring. Don't forget to set your clock ahead 1 hour on March 12 Night Time Pitch: March 16, 6 p.m. Movie Day 12:30: 1st and 3rd Mondays of the month March 20: The Perfect Storm Todd Smola: 2nd Tuesday of the month, 10 a.m. Tyler Wolanin: 2nd Wednesday of the month, 12:30 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Mon. & Wed. from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tues/Thurs from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: 1st Monday of the month, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: 1st Tuesday of the month, 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: by appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: 2nd Thursday of the month, 1:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: March 16, 30, 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: 2nd Friday of the month, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: March 21, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., call for an appointment, Walmart: March, 16, pick up begins at 9 a.m., space is limited so call to reserve a seat. You will have approximately 1 hour and 15 minutes to shop. Van Service: daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no van 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. Friends Of The Palmer Senior Center: Meetings will be on the 3rd Thursday of the month; March 16, 9 a.m. TRIPS May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3. June 12-14: Ogunquit, ME, $434 pp, double occupancy, $50 deposit at sign up with balance due May 9. It includes a lobster bake dinner at Foster's Dinner at Johnathan's, show at Ogunquit Playhouse, free time in Kennebunkport, Maine, guided tour of Portland, a visit to Lenny Libby's Chocolates, lighthouse picture stop, Kittery shops and village, baggage, handling, meal tips, taxes and drivers gratuities. June 15: Twin River Casino, $65, leave at 7:30 a.m. and depart at 4:30 p.m. Includes $15 slot, lunch buffet and matinee show Four By Four. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon Forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: class will be the 1st and 3rd Friday of the month, 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructor Kathy Bergeron, SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. WELLNESS/SERVICES Blood Pressure Clinic: 4th Tuesday, 10 a.m., with nurse Lisa White Foot Clinic: 3 Mondays per month, please call for an appointment. Reflexology: 2nd and 4th Tue. of the Month. March 28, please call for an appointment. Shine: 1st Wed., 10 a.m.-3 p.m., free Medicare plan assistance, please call for an appointment. Caregiver Support Group: 1st Mon., 2 p.m., for people caring for a loved one with Alzheimers or other form of dementia. Call Leanne for information, respite available. Outreach Worker: Mon.-Thur., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., social worker available for information, referrals, assistance with heating, food and housing support. Call for an appointment or walk in. Veteran's Agent: Every Tuesday, 9-11 a.m. Home Repair Program: For Ashfield, Buckland and Shelburne seniors. Small home repairs done by volunteers. Home owner pays for the materials. Call Leanne with project or if interested in volunteering. Van Transportation For Residents of 9 West County Towns: Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-4 p.m., medical, shopping and senior center activities. Call Bob for reservations. Meals: Mon., Tues., and Thur. 11:30 a.m., provided by Lifepath, $2.50 donation. Pizza and Movie: Last Wed. of the month. March 29, Selma, movie begins at 12:30 p.m., preregister for lunch. Special Luncheons, 11:30 a.m. SPECIAL EVENTS March 16: Birthday Party, 11:50 a.m. March 17: WalMart shop trip, preregister March 21: Beginner Drawing Class, 1:30 p.m. March 22: Irish music/comedy by Zack Danziger, noon, preregister March 27: Conversation Cafe, 5:30 p.m., free and open to all, homemade soup, bread, dessert and drinks served. This is an interactive live video, Talk to an Aussie. March 28: Coffee, Tea and Mortality at McCuskers Market, 4-6 p.m., preregister by calling Hospice of Franklin County 413-774-2400. Openly talk about death and grieving for the loss of a loved one. March: Tax Return Free Prep, Fridays, Liberty Tax for income eligible residents, call for an appointment. March 24, 31. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Aerobics: Tues. and Thur., 10 a.m. African Drumming: Mon., 1 p.m. Beginner Drawing Class: Tues. 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Thur., 12:15-2 p.m. Bones and Balance: Wed., 10 a.m., Thur. in Ashfield., 9:30 am Bridge: Monthly, March 28, 1 p.m. Cribbage Tournaments: Monthly, April 5, 1:30 p.m. Knitting: Thur. 10-11:30 a.m. Memoir Writing: most Fri., 10 a.m.-noon Tai Chi: Mon., 9:30 a.m. for beginners, 10 a.m., for intermediate, Wed., 9:30 a.m., in Ashfield, Thur., 10 a.m. Wii Bowling: Mon. and Tue., noon. Yoga: Wed. and Thur., 8:30 a.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. LifePath Inc.: offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every third Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Foot Clinic: please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS TRAVEL CLUB WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: Fourth Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch AND party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: Third Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: First Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: First Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: First and third Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: Second and fourth Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Closings Weather 37° 37° Low 27° High 37° Fri 31° 43° Sat 33° 41° Sun 30° 44° See complete forecast Severe weather alert NEVER MISS A STORY: GET THE PIX11 NEWS APP FOR IMPORTANT UPDATES THE PIX11 NEWSLETTER: GET THE LATEST UPDATES DELIVERED RIGHT TO YOUR INBOX Grandmother viciously attacked while shopping at Georgia Walmart Posted 2:41 PM, March 9, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 02:56PM, March 9, 2017 Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Sandra McClung will never forget her trip to Walmart, which ended in a vicious attack. (WGCL) Atlanta, Georgia — Sandra McClung will never forget her trip to Walmart that ended in a vicious attack. “We looked at each other for a minute and she said, ‘I’m trying to get bread white b****,'” McClung told CBS46. It began near the bread aisle when McClung said a woman nearly collided with her and then called her an offensive name. “And I backed my buggy up and as I went around her I said, ‘You’re the b****.’ Think I didn’t?” McClung said. Moments later, McClung was sucker punched in the side of her face. Then the suspect reached over her electric riding cart and continued to punch her several more times in the nose. “The blood was going and she kept on like she was boxing so I saw I couldn’t do anything so I started hollering help, help,” McClung said. The grandmother then said her attacker left the store, but left behind a valuable piece of evidence — her cell phone. “God let her drop her phone in my buggy so they can find her because God don’t like ugly, he sure don’t,” McClung said. “I can only figure that she either was having a very bad day or she unfortunately didn’t like white people because, you know, there’s a whole lot of racial hatred in this country and it’s crazy,” McClung said. Through it all, McClung forgives her attacker, but still has concerns about the lack of security at the store. “My problem with Walmart is no one came to my aid and I was hollering and I hollered for a couple of minutes, ‘Help, help she’s hitting me, she’s hitting me,'” McClung said. McClung did say some employees got paper towels and water for her when she went to the front of the store after the incident. CBS46 contacted Walmart’s corporate office and they released the following statement. “We’re disappointed a customer would treat another customer with such disrespect. We’ll work with law enforcement as they search for the person responsible and want to wish Ms. McClung a speedy recovery.” Atlanta police are actively looking for the attacker involved in the incident. The victim has setup a GoFundMe page to help cover her medical expenses. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular Subway fare increases Sunday Blizzard warning canceled for New York City as central NY gets pummeled EXCLUSIVE: Rikers Island captain caught on video kissing inmate, resigns Subways and NJ Transit bus service will shut down Tuesday due to storm: officials Latest News 1 FDNY EMT dead, 1 critical after being run over by stolen ambulance in the Bronx County investigators, medical examiner testify in Short Hills Mall murder Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks new season of ‘Dancing with the Stars’ Shelter dog rescued in Lincoln Tunnel during nor’easter seeks new home News This woman visited every country on Earth in record time News Woman who didn’t know she was pregnant gives birth to healthy girl News Teenager’s first trip abroad ends in tragedy News Fort Lauderdale airport suspect used gun once held by police, sources say Manhattan Woman seeks answers about Upper East Side attack on social media Changemakers News Teen blogger, Alexa Curtis, shares how personal obstacles led to a career News Marine veteran battles flesh-eating bacteria: ‘It was life over limb’ Bronx News EXCLUSIVE: Camping ax tied to husband of missing nurse leads Bronx cops to believe she’s dead News Pastor apologizes for viral video of disabled woman whose wheelchair had broken down News Murder charges possible after Queens woman dies from bodega beatdown in October 2016 News Family pleads to have mother’s body removed from river, 4 days after car accident News Mother’s powerful words after daughter dies in Taco Bell of apparent overdose News A girl and her glitter-shooting prosthetic: ‘You can do anything’ Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Deals & Promotions HostGator: Hosting + Email + Domain Plan - $3 / Month HostGator has partnered with CNET to bring you an amazing bundle opportunity. For just $3/mo, that's 70% off, you get a new hosting plan, a domain and email! Plus the best service, support, free tools, PPC credits, a 45-day money back guarantee and more. Regularly $10.20 / month. facebook twitter link email $200 Off Oculus Rift VR Headset & Touch Wireless Controllers - $599.98 Experience the lifelike thrill of Oculus Rift and interact and manipulate your virtual environment with Oculus Touch. The wireless controllers that make you feel like your virtual hands are really your own. Now save $200 when you purchase this bundle online or in-store from Best Buy. Plus get 7 games FREE! facebook twitter link email Lima Plug' n' Play Ultra Private Cloud - $109.99 w/ code CNETLOVE If you feel uncomfortable giving up control over your personal files, Lima makes a nifty little device that enables you to build a Private Cloud very easily. Install it at home and access your files safely from anywhere. Enjoy the benefits of the Cloud, with the privacy of your home.Save $20 on Lima Ultra with code CNETLOVE facebook twitter link email SubPac M2 Wearable Physical Sound System - $299 Immerse yourself in music, movies, games and VR in a whole new way, as you experience and feel sound like never before. facebook twitter link email Openwheeler Racing Chair w/ Gear Shifter Mount - $379 Fully adjustable, lightweight and stable racing chair gives you total control and puts you in command for the ultimate in fun and excitement. facebook twitter link email Forza Horizon 3 (Xbox One) - $38 Customize, tweak, tune and race more than 350 of the worlds wildest rides in the land down under. facebook twitter link email Logitech G900 Chaos Pro-Level Wired / Wireless Ambidextrous Gaming Mouse - $117 Pro-level dual wireless / wired ambidextrous gaming mouse is super responsive, super comfortable and designed to give you the winning edge. facebook twitter link email NETGEAR Nighthawk X4 AC2350 Alexa-Enabled Gaming Router - $180 The NETGEAR Nighthawk X4 is a great gaming router designed for fast speed, excellent coverage and lag-free performance. Now made even better with Alexa. facebook twitter link email iClever HS20 7.1 Noise-Cancelling-Mic Surround Sound Headphones - $37 Highly rated, budget gaming headset that doesn't skimp on features, performance or sound. Includes noise-cancelling mic and headphone stand. facebook twitter link email ASTRO Gaming A40 TR Headset + MixAmp M80 for Xbox One - $170 Tournament-level gaming gear that's the real deal. Incredibly comfortable, awesome sounding headset bundled with the Mixamp M80 controller for winning-edge performance. facebook twitter link email 1byone Mechanical Single-Handed 29-Key Gaming Board - $47 Mechanical gaming keyboard has 29 fully programmable keys plus all the features you need, and none that you don't. Great for non-gamers too. facebook twitter link email Trust GXT-628 120 Watt 2.1 Gaming Sound System - $55 Compact gaming speaker system with 120 watts of power for crisp, clean, full sound with great bass. facebook twitter link email Photive M90 20-Watt Waterproof Stereo Bluetooth Portable Speaker - $50 Rugged, waterproof Bluetooth speaker with 20-watts of stereo power for monster sound indoors or out and 10-hour playtime. facebook twitter link email Jackery Bolt 6000mAh Lightning & USB 3-Port Powerbank - $26 Don't settle for either or. Get both Lightning and mUSB in one super-compact, fast-charge, Apple MFI Certified powerbank and charge up to 3 devices at once. facebook twitter link email NETGEAR AC1200 Dual-Band Router - $38 Easy to setup, reliable, fast router that was a good buy at full price and a steal at under $40. facebook twitter link email Aylio Coccyx Cushion Comfort Foam Wedge - $20 Reduces pressure on the coccyx, tailbone and hip bones while sitting. Easy away your pain at home, in the car or at work. facebook twitter link email VIZIO 70-Inch 4K Chromecast TV w/ $400 Dell eGift Card and Free Delivery - $1300 VIZIO E70-E3 with 70-inches of stunning 4K goodness and Chromecast built-in for easy streaming. facebook twitter link email Dell Inspiron 15 Core i7 UHD Touch Gaming Laptop - $899.99 15.6-inch UHD "Touch" display, 6th. Gen. Core i7, 16GB RAM, 128SSD, NVIDIA 4GB GeForce GTX 960M and Win 10. Checkout w/ code XFFQ$2R6F92JX? facebook twitter link email Cheapskate Deals Rick Broida has been wheeling and dealing and writing about deals for a long time now. See what Rick is touting today, and get in on the best deal action around. facebook twitter link email 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 Previous Next Most Popular Deals View by: Popularity Popularity Date All deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software TelevisionsCategories: All deals facebook twitter link email Cole Haan Men's Dress and Casual Shoes for $40 + free shipping Street-moda via eBay offers these Cole Haan Men's Assorted Dress and Casual Shoes in 17 styles and colors (Pinch Weekender in TIBTN/Red Canvas pictured) for $39.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest total price we could find for any style by at least $9. They're available in sizes 7 to 12, although not in all style/size combinations. from eBay / $40 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Nordstrom Rack Clearance Sale: Extra 25% off + free shipping w/ $100 Nordstrom Rack cuts an extra 25% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items in its clearance section, yielding many total discounts of 75% off or more. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at $7.95, but orders of $100 or more qualify for free shipping. Deal ends March 19. from Nordstrom Rack / Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Marmot Web Specials: 60% off + free shipping Marmot takes 60% off a selection of its men's, women's, and kids' apparel and accessories as part of its Web Specials, with prices starting at $6.76. (Prices are as marked.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. (That's a savings of at least $8 for all orders under $75.) That's tied with our January mention as the best combined discount we've seen from Marmot. from Marmot / $60 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Outerwear at Dick's Sporting Goods: Extra 50% off + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods cuts an extra 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' jackets and vests during its End Of Season Outerwear Savings Event. (Eligible items are as marked; discount is applied automatically in-cart.) Plus, all orders qualify for free shipping. That beats our mention from last March of 25% to 50% off and is the best discount we've seen on outerwear from Dick's Sporting Goods. Featured brands include The North Face, Marmot, Columbia, Oakley, and Spyder. A couple of great deals, both with prices after discount: Marmot Men's Tullus Down Vest for $52.49 ($31 low) Columbia Women's Snow Eclipse Mid Insulated Jacket for $59.99 (pictured, $20 low) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $60 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email "How To Stress Less" eBook for free Tradepub offers Benjamin Bonetti's How To Stress Less eBook for free in exchange for information about you and your company. That's the lowest total price we could find by $10. from TradePub / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Ugg Men's Freamon Suede Chukka Boots for $37 + $8 s&h Nordstrom Rack offers the Ugg Australia Men's Freamon Suede Chukka Boots in Chestnut/White for $37.11. (Select the "CWHT" option.) With $7.95 for shipping, that's the lowest total price we could find by $15, although many retailers charge over $100. They're available in most sizes from 7 7.5 to 14. from Nordstrom Rack / $37 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Rockport Men's Ledge Hill Waterproof Boots for $49 + free shipping w/code PRIVATE30 Rockport offers its Rockport Men's Ledge Hill Waterproof Chukka Boots in Brown for $69.97. Coupon code "PRIVATE30" cuts that to $48.98. With free shipping, that's $106 off and the lowest total price we could find. They're available in medium and wide sizes from 10 to 11.5, although not in all size/width combinations. Deal ends March 19. from Rockport / $49 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Emirates International Flights from $491 roundtrip Emirates Airlines via DealBase offers Emirates International Roundtrip Flights from select cities in the U.S. with prices starting from $490.56. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Emirates Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for these flights by at least $5, although most comparable airlines charge $550 or more. This price is valid on flights departing on March 28 from New York, NY, (JFK) with arrival in Milan, Italy, (MXP) with return on April 4. This sale includes flights to Johannesburg, South Africa, (JNB); Bangkok, Thailand, (BKK); Mumbai, India, (BOM); and Nairobi, Kenya, (NBO). Book this travel deal by March 19 for travel from March 23 through December 7. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. from DealBase / $491 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Northern Tool Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + pickup Northern Tool takes up to 75% off a selection of clearance items. Where available, opt for in-store pickup to avoid shipping costs, which start at $5.99. (Free shipping is available for select items.) Deal ends March 22. A couple of best bets: Wonder Winder Extension Cord Winding System for $17.99 + pickup (low by $12) Metaltech 6-Foot Baker-Style Scaffold for $159.99 + pickup (pictured, low by $50) from Northern Tool / $160 Expires in 5 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Zmodo 720p HD Wireless Surveillance System for $100 + free shipping Ending today at 9.30 pm ET, CCTVHotDeals via eBay offers the Zmodo 720p HD Wireless Surveillance System, model no. ZM-W0003-4, for $99.99 with free shipping. (EZoomTech via Amazon has it for the same.) That's $43 off list and the lowest total price we could find. It features four motion-activated cameras with night vision up to 65 feet, and 81° viewing angles. It's compatible with iOS or Android devices. from eBay / $100 Expires in 10 minutes Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Tory Burch Private Sale: Up to 70% off + free shipping Tory Burch cuts up to 70% off a selection of its women's apparel, shoes, and accessories during its Private Sale. (You'll need to provide an email address to access the sale. Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders bag free shipping. (Shipping usually starts at $4.) Accessories start at $9, apparel at $19, footwear at $29, and handbags at $59. Deal ends March 20. Of note, these items are considered final sale and may not be returned or exchanged. from Tory Burch / $70 Expires in 4 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Best Buy 3-Day Sale: Up to $500 off + free shipping Best Buy cuts up to $500 off a selection of laptops, tablets, HDTVs, printers, computer accessories and more during its 3-Day Sale. Plus, most items receive free shipping. from Best Buy / $500 Expires in 2 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email HostGator All-Inclusive Hosting Email and Domain Plan - $3 / Month HostGator has partnered with CNET to bring you an amazing bundle opportunity. For just $3/mo, that's 70% off, you get a new hosting plan, a domain and email! Plus the best service, support, free tools, PPC credits, a 45-day money back guarantee and more. Regularly $10.20 / month. $3 Expires in 2 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Southwest Nationwide Spring Fares Sale from $49 1-way Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $48.95. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Southwest Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's tied with our mention from last week and the lowest price we could find for select routes today by $18. This price is valid for flights departing on June 6 from Chicago, IL, (MDW) with arrival in Cincinnati, OH, (CVG). This sale includes 200 routes, including Las Vegas, NV, (LAS); Los Angeles, CA, (LAX); Newark, NJ, (EWR); Atlanta, GA, (ATL); and more. Note that blackout dates and other conditions may apply. Book this travel deal by March 16 for travel from March 18 through September 29. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. from DealBase / $49 Expires in 2 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Polo Ralph Lauren Men's Rib Half-Zip Sweater for $21 + free s&h w/beauty item w/code VIP Macy's offers the Polo Ralph Lauren Men's Estate Rib Half-Zip Sweater in 15 14 colors (Faded Cream pictured) for $29.99. Coupon code "VIP" drops the price to $20.99. Pad your order with a beauty item (they start at $4) to qualify free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $10.95. Factoring out the cost of padding, that's the lowest price we could find by $19. It's available in sizes XS to M XXL, but not in all size/color combinations. Deal ends March 19. from Macy's / $21 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Rev-A-Shelf 597 Base Cabinet Organizer for $11 + free shipping Build.com via Walmart offers the Rev-A-Shelf 597 Base Cabinet Organizer, model no. 597-18-10, for $10.66 with free shipping. That's $3 under the lowest total price we could find for a similar model. These wire dividers are used to stack pots, pans, lids, and trays vertically in a cabinet. from Walmart / $11 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Raised Garden Beds at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart takes up to 60% off a selection of raised garden beds. Shipping adds $5.99, although orders of $35 or more yield free shipping. (In-store pickup may also be available on select items.) A couple of best bets: Greenes Fence 42" x 84" x 11" Cedar Raised Garden Bed for $82.70 $85.87 (low by $53) BCP Raised Vegetable Garden Bed for $99.99 (pictured, Amazon & Jet.com match, $150 off) from Walmart / $100 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Terk Indoor HDTV Antenna w/ WiFi Extender for $37 + free shipping Walmart offers the Terk Trinity Xtend Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna with WiFi Extender for $37 with free shipping. (BuyDig has it for the same price.) That's $3 under our mention from a week ago, $32 off list, and the best price we've seen. It delivers free local HD channels with 802.11n wireless speed. from Walmart / $37 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email SoundLogic XT Rear View Mirror Dash Cam for $25 + free shipping GearXS via eBay offers the SoundLogic XT Rear View Mirror Dash Cam Recorder, for $25.49 with free shipping. That's the lowest total price we could find by $28. It installs over an existing mirror and features a 120° lens, 1080p resolution, video and photo modes, 2.5" LED screen, and microSD card slot. from eBay / $25 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Pair of LED Shadow Lamp Door Step Lights for $3 + 75-cent s&h Power-ful via eBay offers a pair of LED Logo Shadow Lamp Door Step Lights in Black for eight different car makes from $3.22 plus 75 cents for shipping. That's $1 under our mention from last July and the lowest total price we've seen. (It's the best deal now by $3.) They install with an included 3M sticker and can be controlled automatically or manually. Note that this item ships from mainland China and should arrive in three to nine weeks. from eBay / $3 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Hanes Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + free shipping w/code SHIPMARFREE Hanes cuts up to 75% off a selection of clearance items. Plus, all orders receive free shipping via coupon code "SHIPMARFREE ". (Shipping normally adds $6.99 for all orders under $60.) Combined, that's a strong deal on clearance items from Hanes, resulting in great deals on T-shirts, loungewear, and underwear. from Hanes / $75 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Walmart Electronics Rollbacks and Clearance for $59 Walmart discounts a selection of rollback and clearance laptops, tablets, phones, HDTVs, and other electronics. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or spend $35 or more to qualify for free shipping. A couple of best bets, both with free shipping: LG K7 8GB No-Contract 4G Android Smartphone for Walmart Family Mobile for $59 ($41 less than unlocked) Epik Intel Cherry Trail 1.4GHz 14" Laptop w/ Case for $139 (pictured, Jet.com matches, $78 off) Of note, Walmart also discounts a different range of tech items, as mentioned two days ago. from Walmart / $59 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Refurb Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 16GB GSM Phone for $200 + free shipping Bidallies via eBay offers the refurbished Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 16GB GSM Smartphone in Space Gray or Silver for $199.99 with free shipping. That's tied with last week's mention and the best price we could find for a refurb unlocked phone by $58. No warranty information is provided. from eBay / $200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Clarks Women's Kearns Flash Leather Boots for $50 + pickup at JCPenney JCPenney offers the Clarks Women's Kearns Flash Leather Mid-Shaft Boots in Black Suede for $49.99. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $8.95 shipping charge. That's $150 off list and the lowest price we could find. They're available in sizes 5 to 9.5. from JCPenney / $50 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Kansas City Railroad Skeleton Pocket Watch for $7 + free shipping GearXS via eBay offers the Kansas City Railroad Skeleton Pocket Watch for $6.99 with free shipping. It features a 26" pocket chain, see-through face, quartz movement, and American Historic Society certificate. from eBay / $7 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Vera Bradley 120-Page Journal for $5 + free shipping Vera Bradley offers its Vera Bradley 120-Page Journal in Blue Bandana for $7. In-cart, it drops to $4.90. With free shipping, that's a buck below our mention from last May, $9 off list, and the lowest total price we've seen. It features a pin-snap closure, four card slots, ID window, and removable notebook with lined pages. from Vera Bradley / $5 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 Most Popular Deals categories All Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software Televisions Boombotix Pro Bluetooth Speaker w/ 15-Watt Boombot Bass Station and 2GB Flash Storage - $29.95 Weatherproof Bluetooth speaker w/ 15-watt sub-woofer dock, built-in 2GB flash storage and Siri / Google Voice Control. Shop Now 1 of 2033 NEXT / PREV Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! APPLE NEWS For Apple's iPhone SE, new iPad Pro, small is the new big A more petite iPhone and a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro stretch out Apple's family of products. The goal: to convince you it's time to trade up. SEE ALL THE NEWS CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Driver accused of running down Wal-mart worker with car offered plea deal Print Email Anna Merriman | For NJ.com By Anna Merriman | For NJ.com The Times, Trenton Email the author on March 09, 2017 at 2:35 PM, updated March 09, 2017 at 2:37 PM comments TRENTON - A man accused of intentionally hitting a pedestrian with a car in a Wal-Mart parking lot last month has been offered a plea deal that would allow him to avoid jail time. The deal was discussed during a court appearance for Milton Ferguson, 25, Wednesday. The deal calls for Ferguson to plead guilty to aggravated assault and likely be sentenced to probation, undergo anger management classes and pay restitution to the victim. Ferguson was charged with aggravated assault in the incident in early February at a Wal-Mart parking lot in West Windsor. Police said Ferguson knew the 35-year-old victim, who was a store employee. The motive for the crash was an apparent relationship between the victim and Ferguson's girlfriend, police said. The victim was treated for injuries not considered life-threatening. Ferguson was arrested after barricading himself in his apartment, leading police to charge him with an additional resisting arrest offense. No decision on the deal was made during the hearing.  Anna Merriman may be reached at amerriman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @anna_merriman   Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
WATCH LIVE Home News Local News Regional News National News Special Reports Meet the Team Copy Request Story Ideas About WABI Weather Weather E-Weather Stormwatch Ski Report Sports Sports Good Sport Hale's Corner Never Say Never Moment Play of the Week Tournament Reports Copy Request Features All About Maine A Better Place Ask an Officer Bath Salts: Dangers Business & Finance End Student Hunger Healthy Living Honor Roll Submissions Pets Question Of The Day Archives Senior Segments Take This Job and Love It TV5 Kitchen Schedule Programming Home Programming Schedule Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Buy Maine First It's Our Treat Two of Four People Arrested After Augusta Wal-Mart Shooting Sentenced Mar 9, 20172:03 PM EDT Catherine Pegram Local News Frankie Dejesus Samantha Tupper Diana Davis Reginald McBride Two more people arrested after a shootout in the Augusta Wal-Mart parking lot have been sentenced. Frankie Dejesus, 27, of New York pleaded guilty Wednesday to reckless conduct with a dangerous weapon. He was given a two-year deferred sentence. Dejesus has to leave Maine and not return during that time. If he stays out of trouble, he’ll be given nine months in jail, which he’s already served. Samantha Tupper, 25, of Augusta pleaded no contest to hindering the apprehension of another person involved. She was sentenced to five months in jail, since she was on probation for another crime when she was arrested. In June, four people were in cars parked side-by-side. Police say that’s when a person in one car started shooting at someone in the other car, who then returned gunfire. Authorities say it was drug-related. Diana Davis, 29, of New York, pleaded no contest to assault in December. She was sentenced to 100 days in jail, which she’d already served. Reginald McBride, 39, of New York is charged with attempted murder as well as federal firearms violations. Share this: Facebook Twitter Email ← Passadumkeag Fire May Have Started Because of Meth Lab Benton Man Charged For Allegedly Having Child Porn On His Computers → ADVERTISEMENT Trending Stories Blind Franklin Woman and Her Service Dog Kicked Off Flight Investigators Say Backhoe, Pickup Stolen in Island Falls, ATM Struck Norridgewock Man to Prison After Bags of Heroin Discovered in His Car Former Old Town Police Officer Makes First Court Appearance ADVERTISEMENT We Want to Know: Do you think standardized tests are a good method of measuring student performance? ADVERTISEMENT © 2017 WABI TV5. All Rights Reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Advertise | Employment Information | FCC Public File | Closed Captioning | Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 March 2017 by Military News Plug Power Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results LATHAM, N.Y., March 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Plug Power Inc. (NASDAQ:PLUG), a leader in providing clean, reliable energy solutions, announced today 2016 financial results and reiterated its full-year 2017 outlook. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Highlights: Fourth quarter GAAP revenue of $32.6 million; full-year GAAP revenue of $85.9 million Fourth quarter GAAP gross margin of $3.0 million; full-year GAAP gross margin of $3.9 million Achieved a Company record of 1,204 GenDrive units deployed during the fourth quarter; 4,010 deployed for the full year $66.2 million value of power purchase agreement (PPA) systems deployed; $16.6 million in the fourth quarter Ended the year with $46 million of unrestricted cash Fourth quarter GAAP net loss of $0.11 per share on a diluted basis; this includes a $0.03 per diluted share impact for costs incurred to improve the Company’s capital structure and debt terms  At the end of 2016, Plug Power has more than 14,000 fuel cells powering industrial electric vehicles at blue-chip customers around the world including Walmart, Home Depot, Carrefour and Nike, and is the leading supplier of hydrogen fueling stations with its GenFuel product line. “Our fourth quarter operating results underscore significant progress during the year, highlighted by new and repeat customer wins, record deployments, and continued progress driving margin expansion across our GenKey suite of products,” stated said Andy Marsh, CEO of Plug Power. “We have clearly cemented ourselves as the leader in hydrogen fuel cell technology within the material handling space, enabling us to accelerate market share growth.”   Plug Power Reiterates 2017 Full Year Guidance: $130 million in GAAP revenue 5,600 GenDrive shipments, including 1,800 under PPA 25 GenFuel sites, including 9 under PPA 8% to 12% of GAAP Gross Margin $325 million in bookings $25 to $35 million of net cash used in operating and investing activities Marsh continued, “We have set aggressive, yet obtainable, goals for the Company in 2017, reflecting our commitment to capitalize on the growing demand for vehicle electrification, which we believe will ultimately translate into meaningful shareholder value. While we remain focused on value creation within the material handling segment, we are simultaneously pursuing opportunities to expand our addressable markets to accelerate near-term growth, continuing on the plan we laid out five years ago.  A clear example is our progress in China, where our target is to deliver the first 100 ProGen engines by year’s end. These deployments in China in 2017 represent potential upside for the business this year, but more importantly positions the company for new growth opportunities in 2018 and beyond.”   Financial Results: GAAP revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $32.6 million as compared to $38.4 million of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015.  Fourth quarter 2016 revenue represents expansion and growth from new and existing direct customers as well as continued growth in PPA customer deployments.  Fourth quarter 2016 operational activity included system deployments at three sites where the Company utilizes a PPA, with the value of those systems totaling $16.6 million.  In 2016, the Company utilized alternative financing arrangements for its PPA deployments to improve liquidity and long-term customer economics.  The alternative financing required different accounting treatment as compared to the arrangements used in 2015, which resulted in upfront revenue recognition of GenDrive shipments and hydrogen infrastructure deployed. Key metrics include: 4,010 total GenDrive units deployed for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, versus 3,634 units in 2015 18 GenKey sites installed for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, consistent with 2015 Over 11,500 GenDrive units under service or PPA contract at December 31, 2016, versus just over 8,600 under service contract at December 31, 2015 40 sites under fuel delivery contract at December 31, 2016, versus 22 sites under contract at December 31, 2015 Positive GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2016 was $3.0 million, or 9.2% of sales, as compared to negative GAAP gross margin in the fourth quarter 2015 of $(9.4 million), or (24.5%) of sales.  The fourth quarter of 2015 included a $10.1 million charge associated with loss contracts which, as previously discussed stemmed primarily from legacy stack issues which were by in large addressed in 2016 with improved designs and membrane upgrades. To provide additional visibility regarding Plug Power’s progress on margin profile and cost downs, the value of PPA systems deployed in the fourth quarter was $16.6 million, with associated equipment costs to deploy of $10.7 million.  This quarter reflects the ongoing progress Plug is making across its product offering to significantly improve its margin profile. Net loss attributable to common shareholders for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $19.2 million, or $0.11 loss per share on a diluted basis.  These amounts include $5.0 million in charges, or $0.03 per diluted share, associated from measures taken to improve the Company’s capital structure and debt terms.  This compares to a net loss attributable to common shareholders in the fourth quarter of 2015 of $25.2 million, or $0.14 loss per share on a diluted basis.    Cash and Liquidity: Net cash flow from operating activities for the fourth quarter of 2016 was breakeven, compared to a usage of $10.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2015.  As of December 31, 2016, Plug Power had total cash of $100.6 million, including cash and cash equivalents of $46.0 million and restricted cash of $54.6 million. In the fourth quarter, the Company undertook a number of capital initiatives to improve its capital structure and debt terms; specifically, the measures enabled the Company to eliminate certain minimum cash covenants and unlock liquidity associated with its long-term assets by leveraging restricted cash with the Green Bank loan facility.  These steps improved the Company’s cash position, enhanced its flexibility, and positioned the Company for broader capital solutions to support the 50% plus revenue growth anticipated in 2017. Conference Call Details: Details of the company’s 2017 preliminary performance as well as 2017 growth objectives will be shared on a conference call to be held today at 11:00 am ET. Time: 11:00 am ET Toll-free: 877-465-1289 Direct webcast: https://event.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1137920 The webcast can also be accessed directly at https://event.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1135898 or from the Plug Power homepage (www.plugpower.com). A playback of the call will be available online for a period of time following the call. About Plug Power Inc. The architects of modern hydrogen and fuel cell technology, Plug Power has revolutionized the industry with its simple GenKey solution, elements of which are designed to increase productivity, lower operating costs and reduce carbon footprints in a reliable, cost-effective way. Plug Power’s GenKey solution couples together all the necessary elements to power, fuel and service a customer. Plug Power is the partner that customers trust to take their businesses into the future. For more information about Plug Power, visit www.plugpower.com. Safe Harbor Statement  This communication contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve significant risks and uncertainties about Plug Power Inc. („PLUG”), including but not limited to statements about PLUG’s expectations for 2017, including GAAP revenue, number of GenDrive shipments, number of GenFuel sites, number of ProGen modules, GAAP gross margin, bookings and net cash used You are cautioned that such statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by which, such performance or results will have been achieved. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in these statements. In particular, the risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the risk that we continue to incur losses and might never achieve or maintain profitability; the risk that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and such capital may not be available to us; the risk that our lack of extensive experience in manufacturing and marketing products may impact our ability to manufacture and market products on a profitable and large-scale commercial basis; the risk that unit orders will not ship, be installed and/or converted to revenue, in whole or in part; the risk that pending orders may not convert to purchase orders, in whole or in part; the risk that a loss of one or more of our major customers could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition; the risk that a sale of a significant number of shares of stock could depress the market price of our common stock; the risk that negative publicity related to our business or stock could result in a negative impact on our stock value and profitability; the risk of potential losses related to any product liability claims or contract disputes; the risk of loss related to an inability to maintain an effective system of internal controls or key personnel; the risks related to use of flammable fuels in our products; the cost and timing of developing, marketing and selling our products and our ability to raise the necessary capital to fund such costs; the ability to achieve the forecasted gross margin on the sale of our products; the risk that our actual net cash used for operating expenses may exceed the projected net cash for operating expenses; the cost and availability of fuel and fueling infrastructures for our products; market acceptance of our products, including GenDrive, GenSure and GenKey systems; the volatility of our stock price; our ability to establish and maintain relationships with third parties with respect to product development, manufacturing, distribution and servicing and the supply of key product components; the cost and availability of components and parts for our products; our ability to develop commercially viable products; our ability to reduce product and manufacturing costs; our ability to successfully expand our product lines; our ability to successfully expand internationally; our ability to improve system reliability for our GenDrive, ReliOn and GenKey systems; competitive factors, such as price competition and competition from other traditional and alternative energy companies; our ability to protect our intellectual property; the cost of complying with current and future federal, state and international governmental regulations; risks associated with potential future acquisitions; and other risks and uncertainties referenced in our public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For additional disclosure regarding these and other risks faced by PLUG, see disclosures contained in PLUG’s public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”) including, the „Risk Factors” section of PLUG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included in this presentation and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, and PLUG undertakes no obligation to update such statements as a result of new information. Plug Power Inc.    Selected Financial Data    (Dollars in 000’s except per share amounts)                        For the three months ended December 31,    For the twelve months ended December 31,        2016        2015        2016        2015      Revenue:                  Sales of fuel cell systems and related infrastructure  $   19,993     $   29,472     $   39,985     $   78,002      Services performed on fuel cell systems and related infrastructure     5,060         4,929         20,456         14,012      Power Purchase Agreements     4,061         2,118         13,687         5,718      Fuel delivered to customers     3,359         1,744         10,916         5,075      Other     105         168         884         481      Total revenue $   32,578     $   38,431     $   85,928     $   103,288      Gross profit (loss):                  Sales of fuel cell systems and related infrastructure  $   6,632     $   3,871     $   10,442     $   10,299      Services performed on fuel cell systems and related infrastructure      (1,399 )       (2,360 )       (2,193 )       (8,925 )    Provision for loss contracts related to service     –         (10,050 )       1,071         (10,050 )    Power Purchase Agreements     (1,110 )       (34 )       (2,445 )       465      Fuel delivered to customers      (1,207 )       (844 )       (2,948 )       (1,620 )    Other      95         –         19         (59 )    Total gross profit (loss) $   3,011     $   (9,417 )   $   3,946     $   (9,890 )                      Research and development expense $   6,145     $   4,491     $   21,177     $   14,948      Selling, general and administrative expense     8,803         10,212         34,288         34,164      Total operating expenses $   14,948     $   14,703     $   55,465     $   49,112                        Net loss attributable to common shareholders $   (19,237 )   $   (25,227 )   $   (57,591 )   $   (55,795 )    Diluted net loss per share     (0.11 )       (0.14 )       (0.32 )       (0.32 )                      Cash provided by (used in) operating activities $   33     $   (9,978 )   $   (29,636 )   $   (47,274 )                       At December 31, 2016   At December 31, 2015                              Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $   100,636     $   111,796                                                  Plug Power Inc.    Other Key Measures    (Dollars in 000’s)                        For the three months ended December 31,    For the twelve months ended December 31,        2016        2015        2016        2015                        EBITDAS $   (7,507 )   $   (21,467 )   $   (36,989 )   $   (48,198 )                      Value of PPA assets deployed (1) $   16,582     $   –      $   66,226     $   –       Excess of value of PPA assets deployed over cost (1)     5,923         –         21,053         –                       (1) Value of PPA assets deployed excludes those assets which were associated with revenue recognized under US GAAP.                                        Plug Power Inc.    Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure    (Dollars in 000’s)                                       Reconciliation of Reported Operating Loss to EBITDAS  For the three months ended December 31,    For the twelve months ended December 31,        2016        2015        2016        2015                        Operating loss, as reported $   (11,937 )   $   (24,120 )   $   (51,519 )   $   (59,002 )    Stock-based compensation     2,545         1,982         9,290         7,817      Depreciation and amortization     1,885         671         5,240         2,987      EBITDAS $   (7,507 )   $   (21,467 )   $   (36,989 )   $   (48,198 )                     To supplement the Company’s unaudited financial data presented on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, management has used EBITDAS, a non-GAAP measure.  This non-GAAP measure is among the indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating the Company’s financial performance as well as for forecasting future periods.  Management establishes performance targets, annual budgets and makes operating decisions based in part upon these metrics. Accordingly, disclosure of this non-GAAP measure provides investors with the same information that management uses to understand the Company’s economic performance year over year. In addition, investors have historically requested and the Company has historically reported this non-GAAP financial measure as a means of providing consistent and comparable information with past reports of financial results. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income or other measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. EBITDAS is defined as net income before interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense and stock compensation expense.  EBITDAS is not a measure of our liquidity or financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. While management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors, there are limitations associated with the use of these measures.  The measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation.  Further, EBITDAS exclude certain expenses, such as depreciation and amortization expense, which represent significant and unavoidable operating costs of our business.  Management compensates for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and by using EBITDAS only supplementally and by reviewing the reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to their most comparable GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.  The Company’s non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures, and should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.   
Plug Power Investor Contact
                    John Cococcia
                    investors@plugpower.com
                    
                    Plug Power Media Contact
                    Teal Vivacqua
                    media@plugpower.com
 /EIN News/ — CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, general, Home and Garden, Industry, major, Markets, private, section, service, Space, Technology, Uncategorized, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious X-Ray Protective Wear Market Forecast to 2021: Top Companies, Trends & Growth Factors and Detail Analysis for Business Development Next PostNext Need an Incentive to Attend our Workshop? Get Your Business in the Zone Search Recent Posts Protect Your Passions With an Instant Insurance Policy NICE Recommends Boston Scientific CRT-D Devices Powered By EnduraLife™ Battery Technology For Treatment Of Heart Failure First ever Werks Reunion Amelia Island Porsche show an unqualified success Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive Proudly powered by WordPress
THU, MAR 16, 2017 | -1 °C Fair Full Text Archive Events - Submit Now Newsletter SIgnup Walk-in Clinics Wellness Contact Us Business Listings in Your Neighbourhood Local Ads Hot Topics Movies Print Editions Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 2 hours ago 14 members bid farewell to B.C. legislature 14 members of B.C. legislature spend last day in the house Latest News SEE MORE O'Leary files complaint over leadership race B.C. sidesteps high heel ban, temporarily No decision on whether Charest will take stand 3 Down Nation Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 26 minutes ago US women's hockey players stand firm in wage fight US women's hockey players threaten boycott over wages Latest Sports SEE MORE The Latest: UCLA coach says he's not focused on openings Michigan State hopes to avoid another early NCAA exit Raiders sign tight end Jared Cook Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 29 minutes ago Tyra Banks returning to America's Next Top Model Tyra Banks is returning to host 'America's Next Top Model', just one season... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Rob Kardashian wants dual custody Lea Michele's musical warning to exes Melissa McCarthy to host SNL again Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Mar 15, 2017 Column: Not all is well among the big schools in tournament Column: Not all is well among the big schools in tournament Mar 15, 2017 Mary Cook gives some insight into her stories: Did they really exist? Hardly a day goes by that an email doesn’t arrive asking about the people... Environment Family Home and Garden Jobs Money Matters Progress Wellness Canada 150 9 hours ago Iris Apfel to be feted at Canadian Arts & Fashion Awards American style icon Iris Apfel to be honoured at Canadian Arts and Fashion... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Should you borrow to boost your down payment? The perfect recipe for a family gathering Ontario supports Brockville with $120,000 for the Rails to Trails Festival in August Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals WEALTH MATTERS: 5 steps you should take today to prepare for retirement Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Shopping What is a FICO score? Home News Alleged shoplifters followed out of store,... | Mar 09, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Alleged shoplifters followed out of store, arrested: Brockville police Brockville Police Service next play/pause pre St. Lawrence News Two men were apprehended outside of Walmart in Brockville late Wednesday afternoon. A loss prevention officer had reportedly observed the suspects select items from the grocery area of the store. They allegedly exited the store without attempting to pay for the merchandise, according to a Brockville police release issued on Thursday. The suspects were followed by staff and arrested outside without incident before being turned over to city police, the release indicate. The two Brockville men, ages 47 and 55, were charged with theft under $5,000, given a court date and released from custody. The total value of the groceries reportedly taken from the store was not disclosed. | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Sports Brockville Braves lose quarter-final series opener in overtime Snapshot News Brockville police seek missing woman, 26 Snapshot News Highway 401 closed in both directions west of Mallorytown Snapshot News Snowfall total in Brockville on Tuesday, Wednesday could be significant Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Highway 401 closed in both directions west of Mallorytown Woman arrested at RIDE check has crystal meth: Brockville police Snowfall total in Brockville on Tuesday, Wednesday could be significant Brockville police seek missing woman, 26 Meredith begs forgiveness, not ready to resign In Your Neighbourhood Today Destinations to enjoy and lodge at during Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations It's not every year that a country celebrates a huge milestone like turning 150 years old. To mark... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Put your home's comfort level to the test with an online audit You've probably heard the term "home energy audit" many times, but what exactly does it mean? If... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... The perfect recipe for a family gathering Anniversaries tend to bring people together, especially when it's a big milestone — and Catelli... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... Canadians don't have a saving problem – they have a fee problem, pt. 1 Bold statement, Nest Wealth. Ya. It is. Let's talk about it. It can feel like everywhere you... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE NEWS Vendor fair added to Girls Inc. hockey tournament in Brockville Be cautious when dealing with for-rent ads online: Brockville police No major incidents in city during storm Tuesday: Brockville police Icy conditions follow falling temps and Northeast snowstorm Highway 401 closed in both directions west of Mallorytown PreviousNext Sunrise Records details new Canadian stores Strange behaviour leads to arrest at Tim Hortons: Brockville police Brockville Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise WIth Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources GoldBook.ca LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision El Faro Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Sky Cams Eclipse 2017 Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Bozard Bash 2017 Wine Tasting Gala 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More 5-foot long dead shark found in St. Augustine Walmart parking lot by: John Engel, Action News Jax Updated: Mar 9, 2017 - 12:29 PM Twtter A 5-foot long dead shark was found in a St. Augustine Walmart parking lot last week, according to the St. Johns County Sheriff’s Office. Deputies told Action News Jax News Partner News 104.5 WOKV the shark was found by the owner of an RV who was staying in the parking lot. Related Headlines Home invasion, carjacking suspects arrested after high-speed chase in… Nationwide BOLO issued for Tennessee teen possibly taken by teacher Apply to be a VIP at Wawa groundbreaking events in Jacksonville, Clay County A 5-foot long dead shark was found in the parking lot of a St. Augustine Walmart last week https://t.co/si03Q55oFy @WOKVNews @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/zcDDggH3rC — John Engel (@EngelsAngle) March 9, 2017 The man told deputies he heard a loud noise around 7:30 a.m. on March 3, but thought it was store employees pushing carts. The man told deputies he got out of his RV to go to work and noticed the shark on the RV's hood. He said he took the shark off his RV, laid it on the ground and went to work. Officers from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission were called to the scene, and picked up the shark for disposal. According to the incident report, deputies reviewed surveillance footage from the store but the location where the shark was found is not in view.  © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter 5-foot long dead shark found in St. Augustine Walmart parking lot Green Cove Springs man wins $1 million on Florida Lottery scratch-off game Jacksonville police didn't contact NCMEC in Fred Laster case, didn't… Duval County Public Schools hoping to make schools safer with safety… Apply to be a VIP at Wawa groundbreaking events in Jacksonville, Clay County News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement THE BLOG Evolving A Traditional Family Business Into A Modern Concept For The Next Generation 09/03/2017 16:25 Vivien Wong Entrepreneur and co-founder of Little Moons Family businesses can be some of the most successful companies in the world. Just look at Nike whose founder Phil Knight recently stepped down as chairman as his son Travis Knight took a seat on the board in 2016. Walmart is still a family business and L'Oreal is still controlled by the founder's daughter. In the UK, there are about two million family-owned businesses and Barclay's research suggests they are some of the fastest growing of all enterprises. However, it has long been known that family businesses can often fail at the point of succession from one generation to another. As someone who took over a family business, this is my story and lessons I've learnt. Our parents ran a successful bakery and made traditional mochi for the past 30 years for the Asian grocery market and were close to retirement. There was never any pressure on us to take the business over but we had always wanted to start our own businesses having been inspired by our entrepreneurial parents. As a new generation, we understood that traditional mochi filled with red bean azuki paste would be a little bit out of the comfort zone for the average consumer, so we decided to innovate by combining indulgent flavours of delicious gelato spheres made from British dairy and wrapping them with sweet, soft mochi dough. We also knew the importance of marketing and branding, which our parents were less familiar with. Initially, whilst there was some scepticism of our approach, our parents trusted us to follow our chosen path for the business. Five years on, we have quadrupled the size of the business but we are still on a journey of discovery and learning. Here are my top 5 tips when it comes to running a successful family business. 1. Take over the family business because you want to, not because you need to We chose to go into the family business because it excited us and we saw a way to grow and evolve the business. Whatever you do, must excite you. If it doesn't inspire you and you can't see a way of making changes then you should follow your own path. 2. Work somewhere else first Know what it is like to be managed by someone other than your family member. Learn good and bad management traits. Learn how that company is organised and run so you have something fresh to bring to the table. Being a business owner requires discipline and a great level of professionalism, which is often learnt in a larger corporation. 3. Consider having a partner and hiring people outside of the family Running a business alone can be quite isolating so consider having a business partner. My business partner is my brother. We grew up together and get along well and I trust him implicitly. It has been wonderful to be able to share the ups and downs. We have complementary skills so it is handy being able to bounce ideas off each other for different perspectives. Remember to also hire from outside the family as it is important bring in skills that the business requires. Hire people that are smarter than you and trust them to do their job. 4. Nurture family relationships Remember not to take your family business partner for granted. Often we can be harder on family members and treat them with less respect than we would a non-family member. Running a business together will inevitably mean you end up talking about business all the time but try to take time out and do fun family things too. Setting boundaries is also important, there was a time I lived and worked with my brother.... Needless to say it was a bit of a disaster. 5. Maintaining family values Family firms tend to take a longer-term view of the business and run it more prudently but entrepreneurially. It is not about short term gains or cutting corners to make a quick buck. The integrity of the product and the family name is on the line so there is more to lose than just money. We look upon all our employees as part of the Little Moons family. Many of them have been with us for years and they've been on the journey with us. www.littlemoons.co.uk http://www.instagram.com/msmoochi Follow Vivien Wong on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mochi_maker Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK DAILY BRIEF Learn more Newsletter 1.19 M 184 K 22.3 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Evolving A Traditional Family Business Into A Modern Concept For The Next Generation CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
LINKS Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Calendar of Events Submission Contact Us View PDF Edition PageView Flip PDF 810-664-0811 SECTIONS Front Page Opinions Obituaries Sports Weather Community Classifieds WEEKENDER Place an Ad Contest Rules Photo Gallery Advertiser Index Miscellaneous Dining & Entertainment Health Business Brief Automotive Church Real Estate Grocery 2017-03-09 / Front Page Tweet Print Road commission truck stolen, found By Kelly Krager Editor • kkrager@mihomepaper.com • 989-269-9918 BAD AXE — When Huron County Road Commission supervisors discovered a pickup truck was missing from the department lot last Thursday morning, it didn’t take much investigation to find it. The Chevrolet truck, emblazoned with an orange road commission decal, was recovered when the man who allegedly stole it was arrested for attempting to return a stolen home theater surround system to Walmart on Wednesday, March 1. Justin Charles Hardwick, 31, was charged with felony unlawful use of a motor vehicle and misdemeanor third-degree retail fraud, commonly known as shoplifting. He was lodged in jail with a $7,500/10 percent bond, which has not been posted. Police originally reported Hardwick is from Saginaw, but court records list his town of residence as Bad Axe. Bad Axe Police Chief Dave Rothe said the investigation revealed Hardwick took the vehicle after discovering the keys had been left inside it after road commission employees parked it in the department lot after the work day. According to police, Hardwick attempted to exchange the merchandise for cash, but did not have a receipt. He showed the Walmart associate identification, but the return was denied. Walmart staff later determined the sys- tem was stolen and contacted police. Working with Walmart loss protection, Hardwick was identified and located. Both the surround system and the pickup were recovered with no damage. Hardwick is scheduled for a probable cause conference at 9 a.m. on March 16 and a preliminary examination at 9 a.m. on March 17. He is represented by Bad Axe attorney Andrew Lockard. Return to top Copyright © 2009-2017 Huron County View, All Rights Reserved Browse Archives Click here for digital edition Newspaper web site content management software and services
Police search for man who urinated on children's shoes - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Police search for man who urinated on children's shoes at Walmart 2017-03-09T10:16:47Z2017-03-09T10:32:03Z Posted by Cody Engdahl Email Connect Cody.Engdahl@wsmv.com Follow @WSMVCodyEngdahl Surveillance of the man police say urinated on children's shoes at Walmart. (Source: Hendersonville Police Department) Surveillance of the vehicle in which the man left Walmart. (Source: Hendersonville Police Department) Surveillance of the man police say urinated on children's shoes at Walmart. (Source: Hendersonville Police Department) Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> TBI Most Wanted TBI Most Wanted Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> HENDERSONVILLE, TN (WSMV) - Hendersonville Police are looking for the man who urinated on over 50 pairs of children's shoes at the Walmart on Anderson Lane. Security cameras captured images of the man leaving the store. Police say he left in a gray four-door sedan. The suspect is described as a black man, about 45 to 55 years old, with balding hair and eyeglasses. Walmart says they had to throw out all the shoes. They were valued at around $550 all together. Anyone with information regarding this or other crime is encouraged to call Hendersonville Crime Stoppers at 615-573-5400. Tips can also be submitted by text to the number 274637 (CRIMES) using keyword TIPHPD. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Officer-involved shooting leaves one man dead Officer-involved shooting leaves one man dead Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 9:29 PM EDT2017-03-17 01:29:37 GMT Tennessee Bureau of Investigation is on the scene of an officer-involved shooting in Crockett County. More >> Tennessee Bureau of Investigation is on the scene of an officer-involved shooting in Crockett County.More >> Oxford chef named as a finalist for a James Beard Award Oxford chef named as a finalist for a James Beard Award Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 9:00 PM EDT2017-03-17 01:00:05 GMT (SOURCE: Oxford Eagle) An Oxford chef who was just named a James Beard Award finalist. More >> An Oxford chef who was just named a James Beard Award finalist.More >> Suspects on the run after carjacking at UofM Suspects on the run after carjacking at UofM Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:59 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:59:44 GMT UofM campus (Source: WMC Action News 5) Memphis Police Department is looking for three men responsible for a carjacking that happened on University of Memphis's campus Wednesday night.More >> Memphis Police Department is looking for three men responsible for a carjacking that happened on University of Memphis's campus Wednesday night.More >> 'Bigger Smiles' grant to give the gift of reading to Hardeman County 'Bigger Smiles' grant to give the gift of reading to Hardeman County Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:59 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:59:08 GMT SOURCE: Cathy Mayfield The Hardeman County Imagination Library is a recipient of one of the 19 Bigger Smile grants awarded to Imagination Library programs in selected counties across the state.More >> The Hardeman County Imagination Library is a recipient of one of the 19 Bigger Smile grants awarded to Imagination Library programs in selected counties across the state.More >> Man shot in Cook Out parking lot Man shot in Cook Out parking lot Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:58 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:58:38 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A man was shot in the parking lot at one of Memphis' newest fast food restaurants. More >> A man was shot in the parking lot at one of Memphis' newest fast food restaurants.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> April the Giraffe Giraffe watch: April's baby repositioning Giraffe watch: April's baby repositioning Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 5:40 PM EDT2017-03-16 21:40:36 GMT Though the park didn't specify what behavior they were referring to, some live feed watchers said April got into a ball and also seemed very uncomfortable.More >> Though the park didn't specify what behavior they were referring to, some live feed watchers said April got into a ball and also seemed very uncomfortable.More >> GRAPHIC: Man's hands, feet amputated after strep throat GRAPHIC: Man's hands, feet amputated after strep throat Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 2:20 AM EDT2017-03-16 06:20:55 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 11:45 AM EDT2017-03-16 15:45:54 GMT The rare case of strep throat almost killed the man and started causing his organs to fail before doctors could figure out what the disease was.More >> The rare case of strep throat almost killed the man and started causing his organs to fail before doctors could figure out what the disease was.More >> Teen finds 7.44 carat 'Superman's Diamond' at state park Teen finds 7.44 carat 'Superman's Diamond' at state park Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 12:22 PM EDT2017-03-16 16:22:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 4:43 PM EDT2017-03-16 20:43:30 GMT Kalel Langford with the 7.44 carat diamond he found. (Source: Crater of Diamonds State Park) When a 14-year-old baseball player traveled to south Arkansas to play on a diamond, little did he know he would leave with one.More >> When a 14-year-old baseball player traveled to south Arkansas to play on a diamond, little did he know he would leave with one.More >> Police: Homeowner fatally shoots home invasion suspect, 2nd suspect arrested Police: Homeowner fatally shoots home invasion suspect, 2nd suspect arrested Updated: Wednesday, March 15 2017 10:29 PM EDT2017-03-16 02:29:56 GMT Source: Live 5 News Police say a fatal shooting Tuesday night at a Moncks Corner home was justified because the homeowner was protecing his family from a home invasion.More >> Police say a fatal shooting Tuesday night at a Moncks Corner home was justified because the homeowner was protecting his family from a home invasion.More >> If you get a call from these area codes, don't respond If you get a call from these area codes, don't respond Updated: Sunday, March 12 2017 7:15 PM EDT2017-03-12 23:15:07 GMT Source: WDAM Scammers are always coming up with different ways to take your hard-earned cash, especially with smart phones and changing technology.  Now, there are over 35 area codes you need to be aware of before you pick-up your next phone call. More >> Scammers are always coming up with different ways to take your hard-earned cash, especially with smart phones and changing technology.  Now, there are over 35 area codes you need to be aware of before you pick-up your next phone call.More >> AMBER Alert: TBI 'extremely concerned' about missing teenager; Arrest warrant issued for suspect AMBER Alert: TBI 'extremely concerned' about missing teenager; Arrest warrant issued for suspect Posted: Tuesday, March 14 2017 5:43 PM EDT2017-03-14 21:43:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:55 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:55:04 GMT Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas was reported missing on Monday. (Source: TBI) The TBI has upgraded its Endangered Child Alert to a statewide AMBER Alert for 15-year-old Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas of Columbia. More >> The TBI has upgraded its Endangered Child Alert to a statewide AMBER Alert for 15-year-old Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas of Columbia.More >> TBI: 'Alarmingly low' number of leads received for missing teen TBI: 'Alarmingly low' number of leads received for missing teen Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 5:27 PM EDT2017-03-16 21:27:59 GMT Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas (L) and Tad Cummins (R) (Souce: TBI) The man accused of abducting a 15-year-old girl was a teacher who spent a lot of time grooming her to be his victim, according to Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.More >> The man accused of abducting a 15-year-old girl was a teacher who spent a lot of time grooming her to be his victim, according to Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.More >> Pastor: 'She was crawling on the ground, fighting for her life' Pastor: 'She was crawling on the ground, fighting for her life' Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 11:27 AM EDT2017-03-16 15:27:21 GMT Richmond, a local Pastor at a church on 16th Street, witnessed a woman fighting for her life Tuesday afternoon right outside her church.More >> Richmond, a local Pastor at a church on 16th Street, witnessed a woman fighting for her life Tuesday afternoon right outside her church.More >> Parent: Midlands soccer coach suspended after 'life lessons' speech to students Parent: Midlands soccer coach suspended after 'life lessons' speech to students Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:25 AM EDT2017-03-16 10:25:45 GMT (Source: MidlandsHighSchoolSports.com) Some parents at one Midlands high school are wondering what happened to a popular soccer coach and why. More >> Some parents at one Midlands high school are wondering what happened to a popular soccer coach and why.More >> Forgotten stash of marijuana donated to Goodwill Forgotten stash of marijuana donated to Goodwill Posted: Wednesday, March 15 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-16 02:36:46 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 15 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-16 02:36:46 GMT Someone donated a cooler to a Goodwill store in Washington that contained five large bags of marijuana. More >> Someone donated a cooler to a Goodwill store in Washington that contained five large bags of marijuana.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 March 2017 by Military News EPD on the Beat – April’s Notable Patrol Incidents and Arrests There have been a total of 50 DUII arrests in April thus far. April 28 at 4:05 p.m, 2500 block of Cubit Street Elude by Vehicle, Reckless Driving, Elude by Foot, DWS Misdemeanor An area agency requested assistance in stopping a vehicle driving in the Hwy. 99 area. An EPD officer spotted the green Nissan coupe at Royal and Berrntzen. The driver, Dakota Dale Stover, age 22, chose to elude the officer who tried to stop him. The officer lost sight of the vehicle as it sped away. However, another located the Nissan unoccupied in a neighborhood west of 99 and north of Barger. Officers searched the area and found Stover hiding in a tree in the same neighborhood. He was arrested without further incident and lodged for Elude by Vehicle, Reckless Driving, Elude by Foot, Driving While Suspended Misdemeanor.  1606829 April 28, 10:30 p.m., 4550 W. 11th Police responded to a shoplifter in custody at Walmart, and received information that Leon Neil Karels, age 57, of Eugene, was contacted by an employee after he was observed concealing items on his person and leaving the store with the merchandise. Police cited Karels in lieu of custody for Theft in the Third Degree. April 27, 1:19 a.m., 1316 Alder St. Police responded to 7-Eleven after receiving information that the male suspect, Curtis Manuel George, age 27, of Eugene, was observed leaving the store without attempting to pay for items he had taken. Police located George in the area, and attempted to contact him. George then walked away from the officer and was given direction to stop several times, before he ran. The officer again attempted to make contact with George, and he disregarded direction from the officer, and the officer attempted to detain him. He struggled and fought with the officer, and a taser was deployed to take him into custody. Police received information that George had been previously trespassed from the location, and he provided false identification to the officers following his arrest. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Theft in the Third Degree, Resisting Arrest, Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree, Interfering With a Police Officer and was cited for False Information to Officer.  Case number 16-06744 April 27, 11:37 p.m., W. 11th/ Commerce Police responded to the area for information regarding a possible DUII driver who had been stopped by construction employees after striking construction equipment, a semi-truck, and nearly striking the employees. A construction vehicle was then used to block the driver’s vehicle from leaving the area. Police contacted the driver, James Ernest King, age 49, of Monroe, and Cited him in Lieu of Custody for Reckless Endangering, Criminal Mischief in the First Degree, DUII, and Reckless Driving.  Case number 16-06790 April 27, 7:54 p.m., 4275 Barger Drive Police responded to Winco regarding a male subject who was fighting with employees. Police received information that the suspect, Jared Alexander Hanson, age 44, of Springfield, was observed by an employee concealing food items on his person, and exiting the store without attempting to pay for the items. The employee contacted Hanson, and he struck the male employee twice in the head with his fist. Two additional employees responded to assist in detaining Hanson until police arrived and contacted him regarding the incident. He was arrested for Robbery in the Third Degree. The officer transported him to the hospital, prior to the Lane County Jail, for injuries he received to his face during the struggle with employees.  April 26 at 6:27 a.m., 300 block of Adams Street At 6:27 a.m., Sharon Lee Munson, age 68, entered the Subway sandwich shop behind an employees who was going inside. The employee asked Munson to leave multiple times as the store was not open for business. Munson refused and pushed the victim in the chest. She then left. Shortly thereafter, Munson began pounding on an apartment door in the 300 block of Adams Street. She hit the door with a bike pedal, denting it and also smeared blood form her hand on the outside of the door. The 27-year-old male and 24-year-old female residents opened the door and Munson tried to force her way inside and broke the plane of the door, entering. Munson punched the woman and pushed her as she was forcing her way inside. Munson also pushed the man as he tried to intervene to protect the woman. Two officers contacted Munson, and as one of the officers was directing Munson to the front of his patrol car, she punched him in the stomach and tried to kick him in the legs. She was charged with Criminal Trespass 1, Harassment, Criminal Mischief 3, and Possession of Marijuana 21 Older Greater Than Two Times the Amount.  1606692 and 1606691 April 26, 8:30 a.m., Broadway Blvd/ Olive St. Police responded to the location for a disorderly male who had verbally harassed and yelled profanities at several people, and entered businesses in the area where he had previously been trespassed. When police arrived, they could hear the suspect, Seth Daniel Alford, age 38, of Eugene, and contacted him in front of The Davis Restaurant on Broadway. Alford continued the behavior during contact with police and was arrested for Disorderly Conduct and Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-06690 April 25, 12:00 a.m., E. 30th Ave/ University St. An officer observed a vehicle traveling at a high rate of speed and conducted a traffic stop of the vehicle. The officer contacted the driver, Thomas Batinan, age 24, of Springfield, and found that he had a suspended license. He was cited for Driving While Suspended – Misdemeanor. Two missing elderly adults and a missing juvenile were reported and found today. One of the elderly adults had a project life saver device and was located using a tracking machine which Lane County Sheriff’s Office Search and Rescue is equipped with.  April 25, 12:17 a.m., 900 block of Alder St. Loud Noise – Police responded to an apartment at the location following a loud noise complaint. From outside the door, the officer could hear loud music and voices. The officer contacted the residents, Henry William Larsen, age 19, and Megan Rae McWilliams, age 20, and cited them without incident for Noise Disturbance.  Case number 16-06507 April 25, 5:08 a.m., 39 W. Broadway Trespassing/ Disorderly Conduct – Police responded to Starbucks following information regarding a subject who been told previously that he was not allowed in the restaurant, and subsequently threatened a delivery driver with a stick, after attempting to take food from the truck. Police contacted the suspect, Seth Daniel Alford, age 38, of Eugene, near Broadway and Olive, and cited him in lieu of custody for Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree, and Disorderly Conduct. Case number 16-00636 April 26 at 2:32 a.m., 1504 Coburg Road Francisco Javier Vazquez-Vazquez, 38, was in the Jasper’s Deli on Coburg Rd playing video poker and drinking a beer. When he purchased the beer the clerk entered his date of birth which he gave verbally. Later he was making a purchase and when the clerk opened the cash drawer he took cash. His vehicle was parked outside and between work by Central Lane 911 dispatch and officers, they found his address and he was located inside and arrested for Theft in the Second Degree.  Case 1606688 April 25 at 11:43 p.m., 3666 W. 11th Ave Jennifer Ann Yaroscak, age 37, was reported to have entered the Richard’s Deli at W. 11th Ave and Bailey Hill and began asking customers for cigarettes. When the clerk asked her to leave she took out a baseball bat she had hidden under her blanket and threatened to hit him with it. She left and shortly after officers arrived, there was a call from the 7-Eleven near Bertelsen. She was inside the store licking merchandise and threatening the clerk there with her baseball bat. As officers arrived she entered a customer’s vehicle. She was initially uncooperative but was taken into custody without incident. She was charged with two counts of Menacing and Criminal Mischief 3.  Case number 1606684 April 25, 4:57 p.m., 849 W. 6th Ave Police responded to the Bruns Apple Market regarding a shoplifter who was being detained by an employee. Police arrived, and received information that the suspect, Danielle Marlene McGill, age 24, of Springfield, was observed selecting several items and had attempted to leave the store without attempting to pay for the items. Police contacted McGill and found that she had several warrants for arrest. She was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail on the warrants, and cited for Theft in the Third Degree.  April 23, 9:20 p.m., 700 block, Monroe St. A police officer responded to the area of W. 8th Avenue and Monroe, regarding a reckless driver of a blue GMC Safari, Leroy Eldon Frame, age 62, of Eugene, and contacted Frame on the 700 block of Monroe. Police received information that Frame had been traveling with the driver’s side door to his van open when he struck the front side bumper of a red Mazda that was stopped at the intersection of Broadway and Lawrence, and then continued to drive north on Lawrence without stopping. Frame was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Hit and Run Vehicle – Property Damage, Reckless Driving and Disorderly Conduct.  16-06561 April 23, 1:53 a.m., 330 W. 7th Ave Police responded to a disorderly subject at Jackson’s Market, and received information that the suspect, Glenn Matthew Grimes, age 31, of Eugene, was behaving aggressively and yelling at employees and customers. Grimes eventually exited the store and was aggressive toward patrons in the parking lot and subsequently pushed a male subject in the chest. Police contacted Grimes, and he continued to display the aggressive behavior toward officers. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree, Disorderly Conduct and warrants.  Case number 16-06514 April 23, 3 a.m., 600 block, River Rd. An officer observed a Subaru Legacy cross over the yellow dividing lines on Railroad Avenue, and weave within its lane, before accelerating north on River Road. The officer conducted a traffic stop of the vehicle and contacted the driver, Keegan Donohuewhite, age 36, of Eugene, near the Happy Hours Restaurant. He was cited in lieu of custody for DUII and Reckless Driving.  Case number 16-06519 April 23, 5:10 p.m., 1910 Empire Park Dr. Police responded to TJ’s Organic Provisions regarding a Theft, and received information that the suspect had taken the wallet of an employee after it was placed on the counter. The employee had become distracted by a customer, and when he went to retrieve his wallet, he found that it was missing. Police found information that the suspect, Jacob Eugene Bradley, age 39, of Eugene, had taken the wallet and eventually left the business after making a purchase. Police contacted Bradley at his residence and arrested him for Theft in the First Degree. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-06562 April 23, 9:06 a.m., 2500 block of Willakenzie Rd. Police responded to an apartment regarding a physical dispute between a male and female subject known to each other. Police received information that the male pushed the woman to the ground after he was told to leave, and left the residence with her wallet and cell phone. Police located the suspect, Malik Laron Newsby, age 23, of Springfield, near the Motel 6 on Glenwood, and contacted him regarding the incident. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Robbery in the Third Degree and Possession of a Manufactured/ Controlled Substance.  Case number 16-06521 April 24 at 12:03, 99 E. 13th Avenue/Oak Street DUII, Reckless Driving, Criminal Mischief, Vandalism An officer was parked in front of the Downtown Public Safety Station and spotted a grey Volkswagen drive in the left hand turn lane and then instead of turning, drove straight through the intersection southbound on Olive. It drifted back into the correct lane of travel after clearing the intersection. After stopping at a red light, the car again used an improper lane to make a left hand turn onto W. 13th, going east. The car ended up driving in the bicycle lane and came close to striking two parked cars on the north side of E. 13th Avenue. The officer stopped the car and after speaking with the driver, Alan Janael Flores, age 21, of Elmira, he found that Flores appeared to be intoxicated. After an investigation, Flores was arrested for DUII and Reckless Driving. While in a holding cell at Headquarters, Flores flushed a roll of toilet paper in the toilet repeatedly, clogging the toilet and flooding the floor and hallway. He was placed in a holding cell without a toilet and urinated on the wall and set off an alarm. He was taken to the Lane County Jail on charges of DUII, Reckless Driving, Criminal Mischief, and Interfering with a Peace Officer.  April 24 at 3:08 a.m., 299 E. 7th Avenue/High Street An officer traveling eastbound on 7th Avenue and Tyler Street, spotted a red Ford Explorer, cross over the broken white lane that divides the number two and the number one lane of the roadway. The vehicle stopped 15 feet short of the cross walk at the intersection of Polk Street and was repeatedly breaking. The vehicle crossed over the roadway’s broken white line twice. The officer stopped it and contacted the driver, Cesar Ulises Canales, 25, of Eugene. After an investigation he was cited for driving under the influence of intoxicants, failure to signal lane change, and driving uninsured.  April 24, 1:19 A.M., 296 E. 13th Avenue Circle K store on E. 13th Avenue reported an intoxicated person entered the store looking for her car keys, and that she had reported she had driven there. An officer was dispatched and contacted the subject, later identified as Melissa Dawn England, 29, of Eugene. After an investigation, she was arrested for DUII. April 24 at 6:05 a.m., 220 Santa Clara Avenue An officer was dispatched to a disorderly person in the middle of the roadway in Santa Clara. The officer contacted the subject, later identified as Jamal Nywayne Kingham, Jr., age 19, of Portland. Kingham was intoxicated and the officer found he was on probation for Robbery 3. He was arrested for the Probation Violation – Alcohol Prohibition, and issued a citation for Minor in Possession of Liquor.  April 24, 8 p.m., 2299 W. 18th Avenue/City View Numerous motorists called 911 to report an intoxicated-looking, reckless driving. The driver, later identified as Kelly Dane Hurb, age 35, of Eugene, was reported to have been weaving recklessly in traffic, disregarded a stop light and nearly caused a collision between two motorists attempting to avoid him. A sergeant and an officer stopped the vehicle on City View just south of 18th. Hurd wanted to get out of the vehicle and walk away. The officer and a K9 handler who had joined them were unsuccessful in getting Hurd into custody so they escorted him to the ground where they could leverage him better. Hurd struggled on the ground with officers. He was eventually detained with the assistance of drive stuns. He’s been charged with Interfering with Police Officer Assault, Criminal Mischief 2, DUII, Reckless Driving.  Assault – April 15, at 7:52 p.m., Madison St./W. 12th Ave (April 22 – Cited in Lieu of Custody) Last Friday, police responded to the area after receiving information that a male subject on a bike punched a 16-year-old in the face. Police received information that the teenager found the subject’s behavior to be suspicious and asked him to leave. The subject then dismounted his bicycle, punched the victim in the face, and then rode north on Madison St. Police were unable to locate the suspect, Adam William Kasle Hyland, age 37, at that time, but received information that he lived at a nearby apartment on the 600 block of W. 13th Ave.  On April 22, at 11:26, police contacted Hyland at his residence and cited him in lieu of custody for assault. Criminal Mischief and Criminal Trespass -April 20 at 10:30 p.m., 837 Lincoln Street There was a possible disorderly trespasser at The Vintage, 837 Lincoln Street and an officer was dispatched to check this out. Once on scene, the officer spotted a window on the front door of a business that had cracks in it. The trespasser, later identified as Kenneth Daniel Johnston, 42, had left the area. He was reported to have been asked to leave the restaurant after being served and it was time to close the establishment. He was angry that it was last call and refused to leave. Employees were alerted to his behavior, and they told him they were calling police if he refused to leave. A male employees escorted Johnston to the door and locked it. This angered Johnston, who struck the window and threatened to hurt employees and burn the building down. There had been an earlier, similar incident involving Johnston, where he was disorderly and trespassing at 199 W. 8th Avenue who was told to leave and then went outside and yelled. Johnston was located by officers in the basement of the WOW Hall and arrested without incident. He was lodged for Criminal Mischief 2 and Criminal Trespass 2.  Case 1606353 Robbery 3/Assault 4 Arrest – April 21 at 12:53 a.m. – 4399 Royal Avenue/Elizabeth Street An officer working patrol near N. Danebo Avenue and Royal Avenue spotted a vehicle and upon checking discovered it was registered to 26-year-old Dorothy Ann Johnson, of Cottage Grove, and that her driving privileges were violation suspended and she had a warrant for her arrest on Robbery 3 charges related to an incident at JC Penney, 300 Valley River Center, on February 26 at 5:58 p.m. The officer performed a traffic stop and arrested Johnson on the warrant and she was cited for Driving While Suspended. In the February 26 case, an officer was called because one shoplifter was in custody with security and the other was possibly leaving the area and claiming to be an armed law enforcement officer. Johnson had been in the store with another female and they left without paying for merchandise they took outside. Loss prevention grabbed Johnson by her shoulder and she reached as if for a weapon, and then punched him in the face. He tried to gain control of her and she bit him in the arm. He grabbed her hair and pulled her to the ground and she released her bite. Johnson was placed in handcuffs with the help of another security guard and loss prevention officer. On April 21, Johnson was arrested and lodged for that case on charges of Robbery 3 and Assault 4.  Case 1606356 Assault – April 21 at 1:58 p.m. – 50 Santa Clara Avenue/River Road An officer responded to Fred Meyer’s on Division Avenue after 49-year-old male reported having been hit in the back with a bicycle and struck by the rider with the back of her hand as well. The woman, later identified as Stephanie Christine Reese, 49, of Eugene, was last seen riding east on Division Avenue from River Road. The man reported that earlier Reese had ridden by them on a bike and yelled ‘on your left’ loudly. The victim asked her if she had to yell. Reese stopped ahead of him and yelled again. As he walked past, he asked her again if she needed to yell and she hit him in the back with her arm. She then pushed her bicycle into him. He grabbed the bike and she yelled for him to let go. He held on for a few seconds, then let go. The officer who responded located Reese inside a nearby store and he cited her for Physical Harassment.  Case 1606383 Failure to Register as a Sex Offender – April 21 at 7:15 p.m., 1166 Oak Street An officer on routine patrol performed a patrol check in the 1100 block of Oak Street in response to complaints of trespassers in the area. While he was there, he found a man, later identified as Barry Alvin Schneider, sleeping on the south side of a building’s entry way. There was a no trespassing sign on the wall near him. A check with records found that Schneider was a registered sex offender. He did not provide accurate information when he registered as a sex offender and he failed to update his information within 10 days of changing his address. He was arrested for Failure to Register as a Sex Offender.  Case 1606400 Assault – April 15 case with the arrest on April 22 at 1:04 a.m. – W 12th Avenue and Madison Street. On April 15, an officer was dispatched after a call about an assault. He contacted the 16-year-old male victim who reported he and a 59-year-old male had been working at the garden at W. 12th Avenue. They saw a man, later identified as Adam William Kasle Hyland, age 37, of Eugene, acting suspicious in the area. They were worried that he might be casing the apartments nearby to commit a crime. The 16-year-old approached Hyland and asked him what he was doing. Hyland took offense and threatened to harm the teen and then punched the victim in the mouth, exchanged more words with him, and fled on his bike. Officers conducted an area search, but were unsuccessful in locating anyone. Officers developed information later in this case that led to Hyland, who was contacted at his apartment on April 20. On April 22, at 1:04, he was cited in lieu of custody for Assault.  Case 1606052. April 20, at 3:04 p.m., 5300 block of Cody Avenue Assault – Police contacted the 45-year-old female victim at her residence, and observed an injury to her mouth. The officer received information that the suspect, Michael Andrew Irsfeld, age 38, who also lives at the location, engaged in a verbal dispute from outside the home with the victim. The victim exited the home, and the dispute became physical, and Irsfeld subsequently punched the victim in the face. Police contacted Irsfeld and arrested him for Assault and transported him to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-06326 April 20, at 5:42 p.m., 800 Hwy 99 N Police responded to the Dari Mart following information of a disorderly subject, who left the location in a white 1994 Ford Econoline van, after having parked his van in the parking lot in a way that blocked customers from leaving. Officers located the vehicle and stopped it in the 2800 block area of Roosevelt Blvd. The officer contacted the driver, Raymond Leslie Lowe, age 55, of Eugene, and arrested him for DUII, Reckless Driving, and Driving While Suspended – Felony. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  April 20, at 10:30 p.m., 837 Lincoln Street Police received information of a disorderly customer at The Vintage who refused to leave. Eventually, an employee escorted the subject, Kenneth Daniel Johnston, age 42, of Eugene, outside and locked the door. Once outside, Johnston became increasingly aggressive and yelled while threatening employees and striking the window on the door with his hands, causing it to break. Johnston left the location, and was located a short time later at the WOW Hall at 291 W. 8th. He was arrested for Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree and Criminal Mischief in the Second Degree, and transported to the Lane County Jail.  April 19, at 1:55 a.m., 1522 W. 6th Avenue Police responded to the Nite Inn regarding a disorderly subject and after contacting an employee, received information that a female subject, who had been staying at the Inn for several months had become increasingly hostile, and on this day, yelled racial slurs and obscenities at an employee at the front desk, while throwing office items in the direction of the desk. The suspect, Melissa Ann Lewis, age 39, then walked past the desk, to the area where the employees live. Police contacted Lewis, and arrested her for Intimidation in the Second Degree and Criminal Trespass in the First Degree. She was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-06227 April 19 at 2:30 a.m., 2699 Roosevelt Blvd./Hwy. 99N DUI and Careless Driving – An officer was westbound on Roosevelt Boulevard and Hwy. 99 stopped at a red light when he saw a black 2014 Nissan Sentra pull out of a parking lot next to the Blind Pig. The vehicle pulled across all lanes of traffic and stopped in both westbound lanes on Roosevelt Blvd. facing east at Hwy 99. The light turned green and the Nissan didn’t move. He waited, but it remained stationary. He activated his lights and pulled in front of the vehicle as the light was turning yellow and then red. Another officer arrived to conduct a DUI investigation and the driver, Elizabeth Dettloff, 35, of Eugene, was subsequently arrested Careless Driving and DUII.  Case 1606234 April 19 at 10:25 a.m., 485 E. 11th Avenue Criminal Trespass 2 – Staff from The Shoe Doctor called police as there were three people on the business property out front and they were refusing to leave when asked to do so. Customers were complaining and at least one was reluctant to enter via the front door. Steven Michael Hoffpauir, 54, and two others were in the area. They had appeared intoxicated and argumentative when the officer had contacted them earlier about trespassing. When the officer arrived at The Shoe Doctor, he contacted the trio and told them they were trespassing. They argued. They were told to leave and at least one did. However, Hoffpauir refused to leave. The officer got out his citation book and warned him he would get a citation. Hoffpauir refused to leave so he received a citation. The officer advised him to leave or he would be arrested. Hoffpauir refused to leave and after another officer arrived, Hoffpauir was handcuffed. He initially refused to get in the patrol vehicle, but subsequently entered. He was arrested for Criminal Trespass 2.  Case 1606240 April 19, at 7:34 p.m., Pearl St./ Shelton McMurphey Blvd. Urinating in Public – An officer on patrol contacted a male subject after observing him urinate against a building at the location, and cited Kevin Joseph Ripley in lieu of custody for Urinating in Public.  Case number 16-06272 April 19, at 7:45 p.m., 4211 W. 11th Avenue Police observed a grey Ford Mustang parked in the parking lot of Get Air with two different license plates, and contacted the male subject who had returned to the vehicle. The subject, Timothy Roland Thomas, age 35, of Eugene, subsequently ran and climbed over a chain linked fence while disregarding direction from police to stop. Thomas fell from the fence and was apprehended a short time later. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Interfering With A Peace Officer, Escape in the Third Degree and Possession of Burglary Tools and a warrant.  Case number 16-06274 April 18, at 10:13 p.m., W. 7thAve/ Jefferson St. DUII/Reckless Endangering – Police responded to the area for a motor vehicle crash involving a 1999 Green Dodge Dakota with extensive front end damage, and a semi, carrying two trailers. Police contacted the involved drivers and received information that the semi was traveling east through the intersection at 7th and Jefferson on a green light, when the involved pickup collided with the side of the tractor, causing damage to the steering, and disabling the vehicle. The driver of the semi sustained an injury to his hand during the collision. After further investigation, the driver of the Dakota, Jason Robert Killitz, age 31, of Noti, was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for DUII and Reckless Endangering, and cited for Careless Driving.  April 18 at 10:13 p.m., 110 W. Broadway Assault 2 and Assault 3 – An officer was called to the Buy 2 store after a 32-year-old man from Eugene was assaulted and injured. The victim refused transport to the hospital. The victim had confronted another man, Eric James Gosda, age 24, of Springfield, regarding being with a group of females he thought to be between 15 and 17 years old. One of Gosda’s friends, Alexis Marie Donaldson, age 19, began to defend Gosda to the victim. During the argument, Gosda is reported to have hit the victim on the head with a metal object. And Donaldson is reported to have punched one of the victim’s friends, a Eugene male age 33, in the face. Gosda and Donaldson left the area. Officers located them at Monroe Park. They were arrested without incident. Gosda was charged with Assault II and Unlawful Use of a Weapon. Donaldson was charged with Assault III.  (April 17, at 3:59 a.m.) 3780 W. 11th Avenue Robbery – Police responded to the Hampton Inn after receiving information that a male suspect displayed a gun to the employee at the counter and demanded money. The employee did not have access to money and the suspect eventually left in an unknown direction. Police were unable to locate the suspect.  16-06747 (April 17, at 12:38 a.m.) 1290 Oak Street Police responded to Level Up Arcade regarding a male subject, Joey Kevin Kirk, age 25, of Salt Lake City, Utah, who was being detained by employees. When police arrived, they contacted Kirk, and received information that a patron had observed him spray painting on the back of the building. The patron informed Level Up employees of the activity, and he was detained until police arrived. Kirk was arrested for Criminal Mischief in the Second Degree and transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-06141 (April 17, at 12:06 a.m.) W. 7th Ave/ Olive St. A police officer conducting traffic enforcement, contacted the driver of a Dodge Challenger, after it was observed driving at erratic speeds on W. 7th Avenue and coming to a stop over the crosswalk at Lincoln. The officer had attempted to stop the car, and it continued eastbound on 7th Ave, then north on Olive Street, before coming to a stop near 6th Avenue. After further investigation, William Thomas Blake, age 32, of Springfield, was arrested for DUII and Reckless Driving, and transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-06138 April 14 at 11:22 p.m., 1800 Roosevelt Boulevard/Chambers Street Rolling Stolen Vehicle An officer was patrol checking at the Side Pocket when he saw a 2002 Silver BMW vehicle, which he learned was stolen. He alerted other officers in the area, and one of the officers spotted the BMW at Four Corners and followed it. A team of officers helped make the stop and arrest the driver, Daniel Lee Grimes, age 42. He was charged with Unlawful Use of Vehicle and a few warrants.  1605368 April at 4:58 a.m., LTD Bus Encouraging Child Sex Abuse 1 – Porn A cell phone with images of an underage female holding an adult male’s intimate parts was found on an LTD bus on March 15, 2016, during regular maintenance and cleaning and an LTD Public Safety officer followed up. A Eugene Police officer was contacted and followed up with an investigation. He arrested Brian Albert Johnson, 52, of Eugene, at his home. He was lodged at the Lane County Jail on the charge of Encouraging Child Sex Abuse 1 – Porn.  Case 1604252 April 14 at 6:52 a.m., off W. 7th Avenue Rifle Burglary, Theft and Coercion An officer was dispatched to a report of a burglary in a small warehouse. He spoke with the 35-year-old male victim who reported that he had been in a dispute with his landlord over the rent. One of the doors to the warehouse appeared to have been kicked in and four rifles were missing. He suspected his landlord took them. Police followed up, and eventually contacted Hammer. The rifles were recovered after the officer and a detective served a search warrant. John Patrick Hammer, age 66, of Eugene, was lodged at the Lane County Jail for Burglary-2, four counts of Theft-1, and Coercion.  1605933 April 4, 2016, at 12:42 p.m., Civic Stadium Civic Stadium Criminal Mischief and Criminal Trespass On April 4, an officer was sent to Civic Stadium regarding three teen males observed inside the fenced area breaking windows. The suspects were last seen heading north on the bike path, splitting up when they reached the path. A window on a two story building had been broken out. The officer was unable to locate the suspects initially but through follow up investigation was able to identify them. On April 14, three juvenile males in ranging in age from 14 to 15, were cited for Criminal Trespass 2 and one of those was cited for criminal mischief 2. They were released to their parents.  1605481 April 14 at 1:36 p.m., 99 W. 8th Avenue and Olive Street Disorderly Conduct An officer was called regarding a dispute in the area. The 46-year-old male victim from Eugene, reported driving southbound on Olive at 8th Street when he spotted a man later identified as James Kenneth Bannick, 27, of Springfield, crossing in a crosswalk. He proceeded through the intersection when he felt he was clear, but Bannick felt he was too close and turned and hit the driver’s side of the victim’s vehicle and started yelling. The driver stopped and got out of his car to confront Bannick. They exchanged words and Bannick swung his cane, striking the victim in the cheek. The driver hit Bannick back. He didn’t wish to press charges for assault. Bannick was cited for Disorderly Conduct.  April 14 at 10:29 p.m., 199 W. 11th Avenue/Charnelton Street DUII An officer saw a Ford Escape straddling the turn lane as it turned left onto W. 11th Avenue from Oak Street, and then observed it straddle the bike lane. She stopped the vehicle and contacted the driver, Isabelle Flora Trask, 22, of Eugene. The officer developed suspicion Trask was under the influence and requested a DUII officer respond for an investigation. She was arrested for DUII and her small dog was taken to the First Avenue Shelter for safe keeping. Trask was also cited for Failure to Drive within a Lane.  April 13 at 7:05 a.m., 21 N Grand Street Reckless Burning An officer was dispatched to 21 N. Grand Street after a report of a man lighting a fire at the location. When the officer arrived, he spotted a man later identified as Darrell Nathanal Richard, 57, walking back and forth, carrying some burnt papers and another object. He dropped the items when he saw the officer. The officer contacted him and found he had three warrants for his arrest (two for Criminal Trespass 2 and one for Offensive Physical Contact). While he was being arrested, he started yelling. Officers found he was in unlawful possession of a knife, methamphetamine. He was arrested for the warrants as well as Felon in Possession of a Weapon, Carrying a Concealed Weapon, Possession of Methamphetamine, Reckless Burning, and Trespass 2.  April 13 at 12:38 p.m., 960 Charnelton Street Interfering with Police, Criminal Trespass 2 An officer was patrolling near Broadway Alley and Charnelton when he spotted a Hutch’s staff member trying to tell Logan Blake Foster, 20, to leave the location. The staff said Foster had been throwing boxes inside the store and was asked to leave. The employee had to walk Foster out. Foster argued with the employee and with the police officer about leaving. The officer detained him to investigate the trespass situation, but Foster turned and started to walk away. The officer cited him in lieu of custody for Interfering with Police and Criminal Trespass 2.  (April 12 at 1:20 p.m.) 600 block of Harold Street Police responded to the report of criminal mischief that had occurred at the residence, and received information that a male subject who once lived at the residence had been on the property. Following his presence on the property, there was damage to a window pane and a recently planted tree and shrubs. While police were in the area, they located the business vehicle that matched the description of the suspect’s vehicle, and contacted the driver, Edward Fredrick Kreiss, age 45, of Springfield, and cited him for Criminal Mischief in the Second Degree, Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree and Driving While Suspended – misdemeanor.  Case number 16-05855 (April 12 at 10:54 a.m.) Area of Willamette St. and 27th Ave An officer responded to the area just north of 27th Avenue and Willamette Street for information of a reckless driver that was swerving into oncoming traffic, and has several near head-on collisions with other motorists. The driver then walked away from the vehicle and left it idling in the roadway. Minutes after contacting involved motorists, the officer located the suspect driver, Andres Thommes Paredes, age 43, of Eugene, walking on the west side of Willamette, just north of 24th Avenue. Police contacted Paredes and arrested him for DUII and Reckless Driving. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-05843 (April 11 at 1:37 a.m.) I-105 EB over I-5 An officer conducted a traffic stop of a vehicle after he observed that the vehicle failed to stop for the red light at the intersection of W. 7th Ave and Washington Street. The officer also observed the vehicle fail to maintain in its lane of travel while driving at a high rate of speed. The officer contacted the driver, Samuel Logan Hudson, age 34, of Whitetown Indiana, and cited him for Reckless Driving and Driving Uninsured.  Case number 16-05771 (April 11 at 11:51 p.m.) 846 W. 6th Ave An officer contacted the driver of a vehicle, Joseph William Barr, age 26, of Eugene, after receiving information that the vehicle was stolen, and observed the vehicle drive into the parking lot of the Side Pocket Tavern. Barr was arrested for Possession of a Stolen Vehicle and Unauthorized Use of a Motor Vehicle. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-05823 (April 11 at 3:18 a.m.) 1680 W. 18th Ave An officer observed a male leaving the area of Bi-mart with four potted plants, and proceeded to walk across Chambers with the property. The officer contacted the suspect, Eugene Donald Breeden, age 57, of Eugene, and arrested him for Theft in the Third Degree and Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  (April 8, at 5:24 p.m.) W. 8th Ave and Washington St. A male was reported to be waving sticks at passing cars at W. 8th Avenue and Washington Street. Officers were dispatched to that location and found Charles Joseph McLeod, Jr., age 27, of Springfield, swinging two objects, including a stick with a pointed tip and what looked to be part of a tree limb. He was swinging these at the first responding officer and the officer was commanding McLeod to drop the sticks and stop. The officer had a taser out, but McLeod continued approaching the officer and was within eight feet away. A a second officer drew a taser and ordered McLeod to stop. McLeod turned away from the first officer. The first officer grabbed McLeod and with the second officer attempted to bring him to the ground. McLeod struggled. A third officer arrived and helped take McLeod to the ground. During the struggle, McLeod resisted and moved his hands toward his waistband, then grabbed the officer’s gun, attempting to get it out of the officer’s holster. Another officer deployed a taser and McLeod, who was wearing many layers of clothing, resisted but was eventually taken into custody. He was charged with Assault II (Attempted), Disorderly Conduct, Interfering with Police, Resisting Arrest, Possession of a Controlled Substance Methamphetamine, and a warrant.  Case 16-05638 (April 9, at 1:13 a.m.) 800 block of E. 13th Ave Officers were called to Taylors Bar and Grill regarding a disorderly subject who was fighting with the bar’s staff. Officers responded and contacted Omar Cecil Richards, age 24, and another man, Devyn Andral Revel Iglehart, age 24, of Eugene. Bar staff advised Richards tried to climb over a wall to enter the bar through a back entrance. He was told not to do this, but Richards tried to climb over the wall again. He was told to leave the premises, but refused. Staff tried to escort Richards away, but Richards began swinging and trying to hit them. He swung at one of them and struck him in the face. A friend of Richards, Devyn Andral Revel Iglehart, got involved trying to aid Richards. Both men were detained by police. Inglehart was cited in lieu of custody for Disorderly Conduct. Richards was arrested for Disorderly Conduct, Harassment, and Criminal Trespass 2.  Case 1605670 (April 9 at 2:42 a.m.) 3500 block of Concord Officers were sent to the 3500 block of Concord after two males were reported fighting, with one yelling for help. When officers arrived, they contacted the victim, a 29-year-old man, who was exhausted from the fight. He had returned home to find that his house had been ransacked. He had been the victim of a burglary in January 2016 as well. He began to check for missing property and found his computer gone. He spotted the suspect, Clayton Thomas Walton, 24, of Eugene, standing outside in his yard with a bike. Walton began to run and the victim chased him. The victim caught up to Walton at Concord Street and pulled Walton’s backpack and t-shirt off of him. Walton began to fight the victim in order to escape and was able to break away, running toward Jacobs Drive and Concord. He was spotted by a K9 officer and detained without incident. The computer was recovered along with other items. Walton had a warrant and was also charged with Unlawful Possession of Methamphetamine, two counts of Burglary in the First Degree, and Robbery in the Third Degree.  Case 16-05677 (April 9 at 5:29 p.m.) 10 Shelton McMurphey Blvd. Police were called to an unknown subject in the building, and after arriving, heard noises down the hallway and the officers announced themselves as Eugene Police. The suspect, Benjamin Tyler Hill, age 30, of Eugene, stepped out into the hallway. During contact with Hill, police found him in possession of items from the building and an illegal substance. After providing false identification to police, he was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Burglary in the Second Degree, Theft in the First Degree, Identity Theft, False Information to a Police Officer, Possession of Methamphetamine, and a warrant.  Case number 16-05719 (April 9 at 8:29 p.m.) 1400 block of Polk Street Police arrived to a home that was boarded up with heavy smoke billowing inside and a large fire burning in the fireplace. Police then observed a male subject climb out a window on the south side of the residence and run. The subject was told to stop, and eventually complied with direction from the officer. After contacting the suspect, Dylan Christian Gilder, age 20, of Eugene, police arrested and transported him to the Lane County Jail for Burglary in the First Degree, Reckless Burning, Possession of Methamphetamine and a warrant.  Case number 16-05721 (April 10 at 5:35 a.m.) 400 block of Blair Blvd. Police arrived to the location after receiving information of loud music and a male subject yelling, and heard the noise from a neighboring residence. Police contacted the suspect John Ralph Landis, age 61, who continued to yell profanities, and arrested him for Prohibited Noise. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-05737 (April 10 at 4:15 p.m.) Hwy 99/ Roosevelt A police observed a male subject, who he recognized from a previous contact, and conducted a traffic stop near the Ivy Market, on the southwest corner of Hwy 99 and Roosevelt. The officer contacted the driver David Allen Hardison, age 55, of Eugene, and arrested him for Driving While Suspended – Felony, and cited him for switched license plates, and driving uninsured. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-05761 Reckless Driving at Bailey Hill & Bertelsen On April 7 at 6:06 p.m., a caller reported seeing a black pickup take a corner at Bailey Hill and Bertselsen at a high rate of speed and a box of glass came flying out of the back of the truck and landed in the roadway, spilling broken glass over the road. The pickup was reported to be going southbound on S. Bertelsen Road. Patrol units responded to the area and got reports of the truck speeding and driving erratically on Royalann Lane. The truck exited the roadway at the end of the lane and drove onto the grass and around a wooden fence. It then headed east up the grassy hill, off of the roadway. An officer followed the tracks and found a barbed wire fence that appeared to have been driven through. He followed the tracks further and found a license plate belonging to a black 2002 Ford Ranger in a nearby field and tire tracks leading up a hill. Moments later the officer spotted the vehicle and alerted a second officer. As the first officer yelled at the driver, later identified as Steven Leon Myers, age 53, to stop, Meyers started the vehicle and fled. A K-9 officer arrived and with patrol began tracking Meyers. They found the truck stuck off of a gravel roadway and began to track Meyers. They found him hiding in a tree several hundred yards from the vehicle, with a baseball bat at the base of the tree. Myers was charged with Attempted Elude Police Officer Vehicle in the First Degree and Attempted Elude Police Officer Vehicle in the Second Degree, Reckless Driving, Criminal Mischief 2, and Interfering with a Peace Officer.  Case 1605565 Wrong Way Semi Driver DUI (Controlled Substance) On April 6 at 11:41 p.m., an officer conducting traffic enforcement at 6th and Chambers spotted a wrong way driver in a semi-tractor with California plates near Fillmore and 6th. There were two males and a female inside. The male passenger quickly opened the passenger side door and took responsibility for telling the driver to turn down the wrong way. However, the officer contracted the driver and began to suspect intoxication with a controlled substance was an issue. After an investigation, he arrested the driver, Michael Joseph Achtemeier, on charges of DUII Controlled Substance and Reckless Driving.  Case 1605504 Public Indecency at Restaurant On April 8, at 4:11 a.m., an officer was sent to Shari’s, 2950 W. 11th Avenue, for a disorderly subject, later identified as Delbert Edwin Guinn, 65, of Eugene, who asked an person inside the restaurant for sex and then went into the women’s restroom, took his clothes off and lathered himself with soap. Officers contacted Guinn in the restroom and arrested him for Public Indecency 2 and Criminal Trespass 2.  Case 1605584 Attempted Assault on an Officer On April 7 at 11:04 a.m., a member of the public contacted an officer about a man who was either asleep or passed out at Pacific Continental Bank on the alley side, 299 E. 15th/High, and they reported the man was partially in the roadway. The officer responded. With some difficulty, the officer was able to rouse the man, later identified as Steven Scott Sims, age 33. At that point, the officer was finished with the contact. But, Sims walked south in the alley, and into the bank parking lot at the northeast corner of High Alley and E. 15th Ave. The officer told Sims again to leave the lot, but Sims became upset. The officer drove off and to the corner of E.15th Ave and High St. and parked in a small lot on the south-west corner. The officer could see Sims going into a side yard of a house just east of High Alley. Sims walk from the side yard to a large tree in the parking strip between the sidewalk and the street, where he was partially concealed, but watching the officer, who was about 80 feet away. The tree Sims was behind was surrounded by landscaping rocks. The officer had a fist-sized rock hit his car about three feet from his head area (his window was rolled down). Sims was arrested for Assault 2.  Case 1605531 Disorderly Conduct at 14th and Hilyard On April 7, 2016 at approximately 10:21 p.m, a disorderly male was reported to be wandering around the area of 14th Avenue and Hilyard Street. Multiple callers advised that man, later identified as Chad Brian Tudor, age 44, had talking about burning things down and appeared to be impaired or intoxicated. The officer spotted Tudor, who was moving very erratically. Tudor crossed Hilyard near 16th Alley, and then went west through 16th Alley, before crossing Patterson at 16th Avenue, diagonally, in front of vehicles, which had to move to avoid striking him. Officers contacted Tudor at 16th Avenue and Patterson Street and Tudor was unwilling to disclose his identity. He was placed into handcuffs and officers noticed he was sweating and had erratic body movements, so they called medics to ensure Tudor’s was not experiencing a health emergency. He was cleared by medics and taken to the Lane County Jail without incident for Disorderly Conduct.  Case 1605573 Assault with Hammer – On April 7 at 11:53 p.m., a caller to 911 reported a man smashing the building at 451 W. Broadway with a hammer. There were more calls reporting the man had broken down a door and hit a man in the face with the hammer and pushed a woman, who was also inside and knew him. The suspect was reported to be intoxicated and also armed with a knife. The suspect, Curtis Smyth Morris, age 32, had left the scene. He was arrested later on charges of Burglary 1, Assault 2, Menacing 1 x 2, Assault 4, Criminal Mischief 2, DUI, Reckless Driving, Unlawful Use of a Weapon, Coercion.  Case 1605576 Last night was taken up with disputes and disorderly subject calls and a few warrant arrests, crashes and DUIIs. One man, who is a prolific subject of calls, was responsible for one or two disorderly subject calls in the area of 28th and Willamette Street, but was not arrested. April 5, 2016 at approximately 5:03 a.m. Police responded to the Econo Lodge at 1190 W. 6th Avenue following information of an agitated man, later identified as Andrew Grant Setzer, age 50. Officers contacted Setzer in front of the Welcome Inn at 1410 W. 6th Avenue. Setzer was upset at being denied a room at the Econo Lodge. The officer advised Setzer regarding his behavior and told him to wait at the location while dispatch contacted a taxi. Less than 10 minutes after the leaving the location, the officer received information that Setzer had broken a window at the Welcome Inn. Setzer had left the location and was contacted near 6th and Chambers, and arrested for Disorderly Conduct. He was transported to the Lane County Jail.  Case number 16-05384 (April 5 at 6:38 a.m.) 3600 Block of Glenwood Drive Officers were called to a residence on Glenwood Drive as a man, later identified as Christopher Brian Mills, age 27, of Vancouver, Washington, reported a woman took money from him. The officer arrived and spoke with Mills, then went to find the woman, who had left the location. He checked inside at Denny’s nearby, and the woman flagged him down from where she was seated. The woman’s story checked out, but Mills’ story did not. Mills was found to be in possession of Heroin. He was charged with Theft of Lost or Mislaid Property (Theft 3), Unlawful Possession of Heroin.  1605400 (April 5 at 3:09 p.m.) 1464 W. 6th Avenue Police arrested LucyMae Lavonne Watson, age 22, on a warrant stemming from a case in January 27, 2016. On that date at 11:47 a.m., police received a call from Catholic Community Services of Lane County, 1464 W. 6th Avenue. They were reporting that a woman, later identified as Lucymae Lavonne Watson, age 22, had spit on a staff member. Watson had been in line to get a food box, but she was not allowed to be at any CCSLC location. She became upset and started yelling. The staff member let her keep the food box, but told her she had to leave or the police would be called. Watson walked outside, but didn’t leave the property. The staff member followed her and told her to leave. Watson refused, and the staff member tried to call someone to help Watson, at Watson’s request. Watson spit on the staff member. When officers arrived, they were unable to locate Watson and entered an Attempt to Locate for this case (1601400). On April 5 at 3:09 p.m., police received a call that Watson was in the 1400 block of W. 6th Avenue. An officer responded and took Watson into custody on the warrant, and found that she possessed methamphetamine. She was lodged at the Lane County Jail on the warrant and Unlawful Possession of Methamphetamine.  Case 1605421 (April 5 at 7:41 p.m.) 800 W. 6th Avenue An officer spotted Joshua Adams Clemens, age 38, urinating in the alley. Since he had a confirmed warrant, he was arrested for that and warned about urinating in public. He had warrants for Criminal Mischief 3, Assault 4, and Menacing (Linn County). 1605427 (April 5 at 9:44 p.m.), 951 W. 6th Avenue. An officer on patrol was dispatched to the Side Pocket Tavern for a disorderly subject, later identified as Kishia Destiny Austin, age 32, of Eugene. While he was on his way, he learned she also had a warrant. The officer arrived in the area and located Austin at the 7-Elevent at 6th and Blair. She was arrested without incident on her warrant.  Case 1605431 (April 4 at 11:58 p.m.) 599 E. 13th Avenue/Patterson Street Rafael Fernandez, age 25, was reported to be standing in the intersection of E. 13th Avenue and Patterson impeding traffic. The officer saw him run quickly across Patterson as vehicles were travelling through the intersection on a green light. Fernandez was almost struck by one vehicle. The officer activated his lights and stopped Fernandez. Two officers took him into custody as he seemed to be scanning the area to escape. When the officers went to cuff him, he tried to pull free, so one held him against the light post to pin him. He was taken into custody for Disorderly Conduct.  Case 1605381 Criminal Trespass 1 – April 4, at approximately 6:07 a.m., police responded to a residence on the 1800 block of W. 15th Ave, regarding a male subject who was found sleeping in the hallway of the home, and in a struggle with the homeowner. When police arrived, they detained the suspect, Cactus Kipp Milligan, age 39, of Springfield, and received information that when the homeowner contacted Milligan, he attempted to run, and the two subjects engaged in a physical confrontation. The homeowner detained Milligan until police arrived and contacted him regarding the incident. Milligan was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Criminal Trespass in the First Degree and Harassment.  Case 16-05330 Unlawful Discharge of a Firearm – On April 4, at approximately 9:55 a.m., police responded to an apartment on the 800 block of W. 4th Avenue regarding a person shooting a pellet gun. When officers arrived, they observed the male subject in an open window at the apartment complex and found him in in possession of a pellet gun, and found a soda can in the alley with several holes in it. Police contacted Brian Ellis Evers, age 35, who is a resident at the location, and cited him for Unlawful Discharge of a Firearm.  Case 16-05341 Assault 2 – April 4, at approximately 8:54 p.m., police responded to the area of Oak Patch Rd. and W. 11th Ave for a physical dispute and contacted the 53-year-old male victim. Police received information that the victim was walking westbound on the south sidewalk of W. 11th Ave, when he was confronted by the suspect John Parker Leal, age 30, of Eugene, who yelled at the victim. Leal then struck the victim in the head with a blunt metal object as the victim was walking away. Police located Leal in the parking lot of 3000 W. 11th Ave, contacted him regarding the incident and found him in possession of the described metal object. He was arrested and transported to the Lane County Jail for Assault in the Second Degree.  Case 16-05377 Theft 2/ Warrant – April 4 at 11:36 a.m. at 895 E. 13th Avenue, a shoplifter was detained by The Duck Store and had a warrant for her arrest. An EPD officer arrived on scene and found Jennifer Louise Castro, age 32, of Eugene, in the loss prevention office. Castro was charged with Theft in the Second Degree for book theft and the warrant for Possession of Methamphetamine, Possession of Oxycodone, and Criminal Mischief in the Third Degree.  Case 16-05349 Criminal Trespass/Possession/Warrants – April 4 at 6:01 p.m., 1699 W. 18th Avenue/Chambers. An officer responded to the Haggan`s grocery store at the corner of W 18th Ave. / Chambers, after receiving a call from an off-duty sergeant. The off duty sergeant reported a vehicle in the grocery store parking lot with two occupants who appeared to be smoking an illegal substance. As the officer arrived, he drove past the vehicle, which exited the parking stall, and turned onto westbound 18th Ave. The officer initiated a traffic stop. The driver, Trevor Jennings Moriarty, age 25, of Eugene, had no valid Oregon Drivers License, and his passenger, Justina Lee Coleman, age 25, of Eugene. Moriarty got out of the vehicle when asked and was placed into custody for Trespass, as the grocery store had had no trespassing signs and a trespass letter on file. Coleman was also detained for Trespass and found to have a warrant for Burglary 2 Failure to Appear, and Criminal Mischief 2 Failure to Appear. Heroin was found in Coleman’s possession, and Methamphetamines were found during a vehicle inventory search. Coleman was arrested for the warrants, Criminal Trespass and Unlawful Possession of Heroin. Moriarty was arrested for Possession of Methamphetamines and Criminal Trespass in the Second Degree.  Case 16-05371 Vehicle/Bicycle at Hwy. 99 & Royal April 1 at 11:17 p.m., a bicyclist peddled across Royal Avenue against a pedestrian control signal, and into the path of a westbound turning Dodge Dakota pick-up. The bicyclist was struck, and sustained life-threatening injuries. The bicyclist remains at the local hospital. He appears to be in his 50s. The driver, Scott John Jacobson, age 29, of Eugene, was cited for Driving While Suspended.  1605216 Wanted Subject Released from Hospital to Police Custody – Loren Dean Cox, Jr., age 47, was being released from a local hospital around 9:30 p.m. on April 2, and had warrants. Cox had been combative with police from another agency when brought there earlier. During his stay, he was hostile with hospital security and hurt one of their officers. EPD officers approached the situation with care and caution. A sergeant introduced himself and attempted to speak with Cox calmly, attempting to gain his compliance. Cox did not wish to communicate, but instead by verbal and physical indicators, appeared ready to fight. After numerous warnings, a taser was used to take him into custody to try and avoid a fight. Cox landed on the bed and then fought officers as they handcuffed him. He was taken to the Lane County Jail without incident and lodged on his warrant, as well as Interfering with Police.  1605275 Employees at the Home Depot store, 808 Seneca Road, had a shoplifter in custody on April 3, at 4:52 p.m. Police arrived and contacted Richard Byron Dormer, age 42, who was sitting down inside the Loss Prevention Office. After investigating, the officer found that he had taken a knife and a flashlight. He had a pair of wire cutters on him. He was asked about a bike that was outside and he said it was not his. He was taken to jail and lodged. Another officer was called back to the Home Depot, as the bicycle had been taken into the office for safekeeping (it had not been secured outside and employees were concerned it might be taken). An inventory of the bike and associated property turned up methamphetamines and evidence the bicycle was Dormer’s. Dormer had been charged with Possession of a Burglary Tool or Theft Device, and Theft III, and Unlawful Possession of Methamphetamine was added to the charges.  1605319 DUI/Reckless Driving – At around April 2, at 12:26 a.m., a 1984 Ford Bronco crashed into a pedestrian sign and then hit a tree in front of St. Paul Catholic Church, 1201 Satre Street. The driver was reportedly trying to restart the vehicle. Officers arrived and contacted the driver, Rick Curtis Gander, age 33, of Eugene. After an investigation, he was lodged at the Lane County Jail on charges of DUI and Reckless Driving.  1605218 Woman Arrested after Fight Over Keys – At 2:42 a.m. on April 2, police were called to a residence on Knoop Lane after an intoxicated woman, later identified as Arisia Promise Miller, age 43, of Ree, Oregon, was reported to be in a dispute with residents at the home. The residents, a husband, age 70, and his wife, age 56, had tried to get Miller, who was visiting their son, to leave due to her intoxication, but she refused. The couple took her keys and tried to call a cab. Miller was upset when her keys were taken and the fight ensued. Miller grabbed the other woman and pushed and punched the 70-year-old man. She removed books from a shelf and pulled the home phone from the wall. Miller pushed the son’s motorcycle in the driveway and it fell over. Miller was lodged at the Lane County Jail on two counts of Harassment.  1605222 Shoplifter Arrested for Assault – Walmart Loss Prevention called to report a shoplifter in custody on April 3 at 11:16 a.m. The suspect, later identified as Matthew Ray Schmidt, age 28, of Eugene, was seen leaving the store without paying for merchandise. He was stopped by loss prevention employees outside and asked to come back into the store. Initially Schmidt agreed and was escorted in. Once in the store, he tried to pull away from the loss prevention officers who were holding onto him. While trying to pull away, he knocked a 55-year-old medically vulnerable woman to the ground, hurting her. The woman’s husband confronted Schmidt and Schmidt complied with loss prevention. Schmidt claimed to feel ill and asked to be taken to a hospital. He was transported to the hospital, then after being treated, he was taken to jail and lodged on two warrants, Theft 2, and Assault.  1605313 Disorderly Conduct at W. 3rd and Jackson – Police were called on April 2 at 9:40 p.m., to respond to complaints of an intoxicated man who was bleeding and staggering in the street near W. 3rd Avenue and Jackson Street, taunting people to fight him. Officers contacted the man, Jadd Enver Tryon, age 37, of Eugene. He was standing against the fence in front of 1047 W 3rd Avenue. When an officer first approached him, he raised his fists as if getting ready to fight and he was visible intoxicated. He refused to show the officer his identification and started to walk away. Two officers took him into custody and were escorting him to his vehicle to get his belongings, but he tried to pull away. He was pulled down to his stomach and handcuffed. He refused to stand up and was assisted to his feet. When officers took him to the patrol car, he pushed his weight around and caused an officer to fall into a fence. The other officer pulled Tryon down into a flower bed to retain control. The two officers had to again lift Tryon as he was refusing to stand. While being escorted he pulled his feet off the ground, and the two officers had to lift Tryon’s entire body weight. Tryon was lodged at Jail on charges of Disorderly Conduct and Criminal Trespass II.  1605276 Failure to Register as a Sex Offender – On April 2 at 9:37 p.m., LTD called police as they had a trespasser in custody at their station, 1080 Willamette Street. Christopher Wayne Wadinski, age 55, had been told to stay off the property due to his intoxication earlier in the day. He returned to the station and security handcuffed him. A records check showed he had failed to register as a sex offender. He was charged with Failure to Register as a Sex Offender and Criminal Trespass.  1605269 Disorderly Woman Arrested at High and 13th – On April 2 at 4:05 a.m., an officer was dispatched to High Ally and 13th Avenue for a disorderly female who was reported to be screaming at random and throwing glass bottles in the street. An officer arrived and located Angela Weber, 50, behind a dumpster and she was arrested on a warrant for Criminal Trespass.  1605224 Car Vs. Power Pole – At 10:44 p.m. on April 3, a grey 1996 Grey Nissan Sentra was driving southbound on Chambers near W. 8th Place and possibly hit the curb before it flipped and hit a power pole. Fire and EMS responded as well as police. The car was upside down in the road. There didn’t appear to be any sign of intoxication regarding the driver. (The report is not yet entered into the system).  1605324 Pedestrian vs. Credit Union On April 1 at 6:21 p.m., Oregon Community Credit Union, 4239 Barger Avenue, numerous people called police as there was a man beating on the window demanding his money. When police arrived, they found the subject of the call, Matthew James Henson, age 32, talking loudly and screaming. Officers advised him to leave, but Henson refused. Henson resisted arrest, but officers were able to get him handcuffed after a struggle and mention of a taser (without display). At one point, Henson began to stand, lifting the officers holding onto him. Still, there were no injuries to anyone in the end and Henson was lodged at the jail for Disorderly Conduct, Criminal Trespass II, and Resisting Arrest.  16-05203 Thursday and Friday had many crashes involving vulnerable roadway users: Two EPD DUII officers were each hard at work finding DUII drivers, and were able to remove several of these drivers from Eugene’s traffic. There were still multiple incidents involving vehicles and either pedestrians or bicycles. Pedestrian/Train Crash Fatality – On April 1, just before 8 p.m., a 38-year-old man died after stepping in front of an eastbound train at Washington Street near the park. Police and Fire/EMS units responded but the man died from his injuries. Bystanders said the man appeared to step into the path of the eastbound Union Pacific locomotive. The man’s identity is known to police, but his name is being withheld pending next of kin notification.  16-05147 Vehicle/Bicycle Hit and Run at 10th & Charnelton On April 1 at 4:41 p.m., a 45-year-old Eugene woman, was riding her bike south on Charnelton Street, south of W. 10th Avenue. She was riding in the middle of the lane and there was an older model pick-up behind her at a red light. When the light turned green, she took off and started peddling, but reported being hit from behind as the pick-up made a turn. She did not require medical transport. The driver left the scene with little identifying information.  1605200 Vehicle/Pedestrian Crash at 6th & Washington On April 1, at 9:11 p.m., Donald James Thompson, age 23, walked into a moving vehicle while exiting Washington Jefferson Park mid-block. The driver of the vehicle, Ramon Antonio Cordova Nash, age 41, of Eugene, stopped and activated his hazard lights. Thompson had an injured foot and was transported to a hospital for care. Thompson was cited for Pedestrian-Failure to Yield to a Vehicle. Vehicle/Pedestrian Crash at 11th & Ocean On April 1 at 9:37 p.m., a pedestrian, Katherine Louise Stieglitz, age 26, walked into W. 11th/Ocean traffic in an attempt to cross all four lanes outside a crosswalk. Based on her movements, several vehicles had to swerve to miss her, and a 1989 Toyota Supra driven by Monica Marie Mattoon, age 27, of Eugene, was unable to miss Stieglitz. Mattoon was driving while suspended. Stieglitz was taken to a local hospital for care and cited for Pedestrian Failure to Yield to Vehicle.  16-05211 Vehicle/Bicycle at Hwy. 99 & Royal April 1 at 11:17 p.m., a bicyclist peddled across Royal Avenue against a pedestrian control signal, and into the path of a westbound turning Dodge Dakota pick-up. The bicyclist was struck, and sustained life-threatening injuries. The bicyclist remains at the local hospital. He appears to be in his 50s. The driver, Scott John Jacobson, age 29, of Eugene, was cited for Driving While Suspended. 1605216 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsally, assault, base, defend, division, fight, fire, force, front, gun, headquarters, hospital, injury, leave, offense, officer, peace, plane, post, rescue, rifle, sergeant, staff, Uncategorized, weapon Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the filing of a Class Action Lawsuit against Platinum Pari-Mutuel Holdings Inc., and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Next PostNext March EPD on the Beat – Notable Patrol Incidents Search Recent Posts Protect Your Passions With an Instant Insurance Policy NICE Recommends Boston Scientific CRT-D Devices Powered By EnduraLife™ Battery Technology For Treatment Of Heart Failure First ever Werks Reunion Amelia Island Porsche show an unqualified success Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Europe's Border Crisis Flint Water Crisis TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Mar 6 2017, 7:42 am ET Despite Declining Sales, Do Shoppers Still Prefer Brick-and-Mortar Stores? by Herb Weisbaum Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement The nation's retailers are doing a better job of making their customers happy. After two years of declining satisfaction, they reversed course during the 2016 holiday shopping season, according to the latest American Customer Satisfaction Index report. Retailers scored 78 out of 100 points, that's up 4.7 percent and an all-time high for the sector. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Death of department stores? Macy's, Sears, Kmart close dozens of local branches 3:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/849050691504" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> All six categories covered in this report — department and discount stores, specialty retail stores, supermarkets, drug stores, gas stations, and online retail — improved year over year. But online retail was the clear winner with an ACSI score of 83, up 3.8 percent from 2015. (The report is based on 12,500 customer surveys collected in the fourth quarter of 2016.) "Shopping online is so easy and convenient and as a result satisfaction is much higher than the brick-and-mortar experience and is playing a big role in putting that pressure on the brick-and-mortar side of retail in terms of sales performance and just getting people into the store," said David VanAmburg, ACSI managing director. Personal Treatment Oddly enough, as more people shop online and national retailers close stores, customers who go to the ones that remain open may get better service. If the store isn't crowded and there are no lines at the register, the experience will be more satisfying, VanAmburg told NBC News. Of course, this is not a sustainable business model. "Long-term this is likely to flip on its head because more layoffs and store closings are coming," VanAmburg said. "Down the road we're going to have lots of consumers who are frustrated that their favorite store in their favorite location is closed and now they have to drive a lot further to get to that store." Of course, emptier stores are not the only reason for happier customers. The report points out that better service, lower gasoline prices, and food price deflation have also contributed to stronger satisfaction. While foot traffic is down, customers who go to brick-and-mortar stores are intent to buy and are buying more than in the past, according to the National Retail Federation. "Basket sizes continue to grow thanks to effective customer service and low competitive prices on everyday items," Ana Serafin Smith, NRF's senior director of media relations, told NBC News. "As consumers continue to evolve the way they shop, retailers will pay attention and modify their strategies to align with the needs and wants of their customer base." Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at the NPD Group, said retailers are focused on dealing with online competition and working harder at "creating a better and more satisfying in-store experience." This includes a sales team that's better trained and making sure popular merchandise is always in stock. The ability to buy-online and pick-up at the store is one example of using technology to improve the brick-and-mortar shopping experience, he told NBC News. People walk past the Apple Store at the Los Cerreitos Center mall in Cerritos, California. REUTERS/Bret Hartman What Are America's Favorite Stores? Department and discount stores have an overall ACSI score of 78, up 5.4 percent from last year. Dillard's takes first place with an 83, up 4 percent and a new high for the company. JCPenney which came in second place at 82 had the biggest improvement of any national chain, up 11 percent. The report noted that the reintroduction of appliances, new same-day pickup of online orders and an overhaul of the JCPenney website and app appear to have been successful. Nordstrom (80) was the only department store to see customer satisfaction decline last year, a drop of two percent. Related: Nordstrom Stock Soared by 7 Percent After Trump Twitter Slam "Nordstrom seems to be experiencing a challenge — in part, from their own online success," VanAmburg said. "Their website is enormously successful and very satisfying and that's putting some pressure on their ability to keep the brick-and-mortar side running at the high level that is has traditionally." Kohl's, Macy's and Target all saw satisfaction increase, but still scored 79. Sears gained eight percent to score a 77. Satisfaction at Walmart soared nine percent, but the company still took the bottom spot at 72. "Walmart made a concerted effort on service during the holiday shopping season and created the 'holiday helpers' program to really ratchet-up their ability to provide service and it seems that really paid off," VanAmburg said. "But almost everyone is making gains as well and that keeps Walmart lagging behind in the overall ratings." Top-Rated Specialty Stores Costco was the top-rated specialty store, scoring an 83, up two percent from last year, beating Sam's Club (81, up 7 percent) and BJ's Wholesale (79, up four percent). "Costco is to brick-and-mortar what Amazon is to the online experience," VanAmburg said. "They do what they do very well. They put their money into great staffing, competitive prices and they get you in and get your out and help you find what you're looking for." Last week, Costco announced that it was increasing its annual membership fees effective June 1. Memberships in the U.S. and Canada will be $60, up $5. Executive memberships will go up by $10 to $120. VanAmburg told NBC News he's interested to see if that hurts customer satisfaction in next year's report. Barnes & Noble, L. Brands (Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works) both tied for second place with an ACSI score of 81. Home Depot (80) saw a ten percent jump in satisfaction to squeak past Lowe's (79). Staples (80) just beat out Office Depot (79). Supermarkets Show Big Gains Falling food prices — combined with higher quality products and better customer service — boosted scores for most supermarkets. The industry average of 78 is up 6.8 percent from 2015. Trader Joe's (86) took the top spot, followed by Publix (84). ALDI, H-E-B and Wegmans tied at 83. Wegmans, last year's top-rate supermarket, dropped three percent this year — the only chain to experience a decline in satisfaction. Whole Foods (81) saw an 11 percent rebound. Giant Eagle and Walmart (74) came in at the bottom, even though their scores jumped 10 percent. Internet Champions For many Americans, the Internet is the preferred way to shop — and satisfaction rose another 3.8 percent to 83. That's five points higher than the overall score for retail shopping. Once again, Amazon is the online leader, capturing the majority of the sales growth in the U.S. and earning the highest ACSI score: 86, up four percent. That's three points higher than the industry average. Other sites: Tech-focused Newegg (83), eBay (81) and Overstock (79). Netflix, which is rated in this category, also scored a 79. Related: Online Sales Hit a Record $91.7 Billion Over the Holidays Today's customers want speed and convenience and the Internet delivers on both. "The ease of payment and steady improvements to product images, and a variety of merchandise keeps shoppers very happy with e-commerce websites," the report noted. "Merchandise is rarely out of stock and there are numerous shipping options to suit each individual buyer." Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website. Herb Weisbaum Twitter Facebook Email Topics Consumer First Published Mar 6 2017, 7:42 am ET Next Story Trump Budget Cuts to Scientific, Medical Research Would Have 'Devastating' Effect: Experts advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
How to protect yourself from scam that snared Vt. vet - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH WCAX Investigates The :30 Super Seniors Recipes & Food Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Ski and Board Report WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy WCAX Weather Team Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club WCAX Sports Team Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes How to protect yourself from scam that snared Vt. vet Posted: Thursday, March 9, 2017 4:33 PM EST Updated: Thursday, March 9, 2017 6:50 PM EST By Jennifer Costa BioEmail Connect Biography costa@wcax.com Follow @WCAX_Jennifer BURLINGTON, Vt. - Leonard Gregory is a disabled U.S. Marine living on a fixed income. A scam ruined his computer. He can't afford to buy a new one but he can't keep this one either. So he turned to ReSource in Burlington for help. "So we just have to fill out some paperwork and we'll get you a desktop," said Danielle Dubois of ReSource. "Four different times he called me with four different numbers," Leonard said. That's where Leonard's troubles started. He got a call from Mike, a man claiming to be a Microsoft technician. He told Leonard Microsoft had detected 40,000 viruses on his computer and he wanted to help him fix it. The computer was a gift from Leonard's daughter. He wanted to protect it. So he handed over his computer password. "Then he wanted me to go to Wal-Mart to buy three $100 iTunes cards," Leonard said. "And I said, whoa! Wait a minute. Something is not right here." Leonard was duped by a sophisticated cybercriminal. Once he let him in, he couldn't stop it. These crooks prey on the elderly and trusting people like Leonard. "I felt like I had been violated," Leonard said. Microsoft says it will never proactively solicit customers for tech support. The company warns on its website the scam tricks victims into installing software that steals sensitive data like banking usernames and passwords. Vermont's attorney general says 463 Vermonters reported similar computer tech support scams last year. It also ruins the computers it infects, leaving the victims with tough, expensive choices. "If it's a virus that's just tracking what they're doing, but they want to keep their information, but it hasn't completely taken over the computer, we can sometimes just remove it," said Paul Webster-Pact, an IT generalist at ReSource. "But if it is something that's much more serious, the customer will come in and ask us just to completely wipe and reinstall the operating system on the computer." The tech team tells WCAX News they are seeing this Microsoft scam quite often, sometimes even helping repeat customers. And they say the effects can be devastating. "He drained my bank account," Leonard said. "Took about $600 of my money." Money that had taken this Vietnam vet months to save, cash he had set aside for food. It was everything Leonard had in his account. "I just don't want anyone else going through this, Jennifer. It's horrible," Leonard said. Through a charity program, ReSource was able to get Leonard a refurbished computer for free. He tells me he won't be answering phone calls or downloading programs on his new computer from people he doesn't know. "I'm very grateful to you and [ReSource] in helping me," Leonard told Danielle. Local NewsMore>> Missing woman found dead in Poultney Missing woman found dead in Poultney Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:46 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:46:38 GMT Vermont State Police say the body of a missing woman has been found at a home in Poultney. Vermont State Police say the body of a missing woman has been found at a home in Poultney. NH AG: Juvenile charged with killing man, shooting woman NH AG: Juvenile charged with killing man, shooting woman Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:23 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:23:43 GMT Authorities in New Hampshire say a juvenile has been charged with murder after a man was found apparently shot to death and a woman was found with a gunshot wound in a Farmington home. Authorities in New Hampshire say a juvenile has been charged with second-degree murder after a man was found apparently shot to death and a woman was found with a gunshot wound in a Farmington home. Motion seeks to revoke woman's bail in murder-for-hire case Motion seeks to revoke woman's bail in murder-for-hire case Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:57 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:57:01 GMT Prosecutors have filed a motion to revoke the bail of a New Hampshire woman who they say has reunited with her ex-boyfriend after she allegedly targeted his new girlfriend last year in a murder-for-hire plot. Prosecutors have filed a motion to revoke the bail of a New Hampshire woman who they say has reunited with her ex-boyfriend after she allegedly targeted his new girlfriend last year in a murder-for-hire plot. No injuries in train vs. truck crash in Essex Jct. No injuries in train vs. truck crash in Essex Jct. Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:48 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:48:44 GMT A crash involving a train and a truck closed streets in Essex Junction Wednesday afternoon. A crash involving a train and a truck closed streets in Essex Junction Wednesday afternoon. Hyundai recalls 978,000 cars; seat belts can come loose Hyundai recalls 978,000 cars; seat belts can come loose Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 7:58 PM EDT2017-03-16 23:58:26 GMT Hyundai is recalling nearly 978,000 cars in the U.S. because the front seat belts could detach in a crash and fail to hold people.  Hyundai is recalling nearly 978,000 cars in the U.S. because the front seat belts could detach in a crash and fail to hold people.  Should Chittenden County have safe spots for drug users? Should Chittenden County have safe spots for drug users? Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:51 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:51:03 GMT Chittenden County State's Attorney Sarah George has announced the creation of a commission to study whether there should be Safe Injection Sites for drug users in the area.  Chittenden County State's Attorney Sarah George has announced the creation of a commission to study whether there should be Safe Injection Sites for drug users in the area.  Springfield opposes Interstate 91 ramp design Springfield opposes Interstate 91 ramp design Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:08 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:08:19 GMT Officials in a Vermont town are opposing the state transportation agency's design to improve safety on the southbound off-ramp at Exit 7 of Interstate 91. Officials in a Vermont town are opposing the state transportation agency's design to improve safety on the southbound off-ramp at Exit 7 of Interstate 91. Burlington's financial outlook upgraded to 'positive' Burlington's financial outlook upgraded to 'positive' Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 10:51 AM EDT2017-03-16 14:51:05 GMT Moody's Investors Service has upgraded the city of Burlington's financial outlook from "stable" to "positive", crediting the city's management team for budgeting conservatively. Moody's Investors Service has upgraded the city of Burlington's financial outlook from "stable" to "positive", crediting the city's management team for budgeting conservatively. News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds The :30 You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Community Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App WCAX Stream jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 30% off TP-Link products, $10 iTunes movies, and more Let’s Talk iOS 178: The big show The best HomeKit accessories The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     Daily Deals: $109 Smart Keyboard, iTunes movies under $10, and more By Cody Lee, Mar 9, 2017 Tweet 1 Comment iDB’s Daily Deal post is a roundup of our favorite deals on tech and tech-related products from around the web. This includes everything from smartphones, tablets and accessories, to connected devices and even video games. Every deal you see below has been hand-picked based on a variety of factors including personal experience, online reviews from customers and experts, and discount percentage. So what are you waiting for? Get shopping! Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones Walmart has a great deal on the Beats Solo3s right now. These headphones have Apple’s custom W1 chip in them (same as AirPods) that allow for easy pairing and class-leading performance and battery life. It’s worth noting that this matches the best price we’ve ever seen on these headphones. Buy for $150 (normal price $300). Apple Smart Keyboard for 12.9-inch iPad Pro Amazon has a great deal on Apple’s Smart Keyboard accessory for the iPad Pro (12.9″). It connects to the iPad via its Smart Connector, which it also takes power from so you don’t have to worry about charging, and it doubles as a protective cover and viewing stand. Buy for  $109 (normal price $170). 11.6-inch Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga Laptop Tough enough for any busy classroom, the durable Yoga 11e boasts powerful processing and an all-day battery. It can also be used as a tablet, laptop, or anything in between. And built with post-consumer recycled material, it’s a smart, green choice too. It’s a #1 Best Seller on Amazon. Buy for $280 (normal price $480). iTunes Movie Deals Under $10 Jack Reacher Contact Bridesmaids The Sound of Music Gravity Monster’s Ball Jackie Brown V for Vendetta The Color Purple The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Sabrina Cleopatra Thelma & Louise Fatal Attraction Poetic Justice Carrie Boondock Saints $5 (today only) Previous Deals Still Available $20 off Select Kindle E-reader Models Amazon has also placed some of its e-readers on sale. For a limited time, you can get $20 off select Kindle models. This makes the $200 Kindle Voyage a good deal at $180, and the entry-level Kindle a great deal at $60. Each model is capable of holding thousands of books and have batteries that last for weeks. Buy starting at $60 (normal price $80). Swagtron T1 UL-Certified Hoverboard It seems the “hover board” fad is over for the most part, but for those still wanting a two-wheeled, hands-free, electric scooter, here’s a solid deal on one. There are hundreds of these things out there, but few have been UL2272-certified like the T1. Thanks to its SentryShield smart battery management system, it excelled in all electrical safety tests. Buy for $300 (normal price $350). Aukey 20000mAh Portable Charger Need a portable battery pack? Get this one from Aukey. It’s at a great price right now for a 20000mAh portable charger—that means it has enough juice to fully charge your iPhone 7 6+ times or iPad Pro 1.5 times. Other features include AiPower tech for efficient tech, dual USB ports and a Lightning port for convenient charging. 2-year warranty. Buy for $17 using promo code AZ4EXDHC (normal price $35). Sony DualShock 4 Wireless Controller The DualShock 4 Wireless Controller defines the next generation of play, combining revolutionary new features with intuitive, precision controls. And with the addition of the Share button, celebrate and upload your greatest gaming moments on PlayStation 4 with the touch of a button. Works with PS4 and compatible PCs. Buy for $40 (normal price $60). iTunes Gift Card – Email Delivery PayPal, via its official eBay store, is offering 15% off its iTunes gift cards. As you know these cards can be used in any iTunes-related store to buy things like apps, games, books, movies and TV shows. I like to stack a few up in my account and let them pay for subscription services like Netflix and HBO Now. Buy for $42.50 (normal price $50). Logitech G602 Wireless Gaming Mouse Add a wireless gaming mouse to your setup as well with the Logitech G602. Its features include power-saving, high-accuracy Delta Zero sensor technology, lag-free gaming grade wireless tech, 11 programmable buttons and up to 250 hours of battery life. Compatible with both Windows and Mac computers. Buy for $40 (normal price $80). Withings Body Wi-Fi Scale We just featured this scale in our weekend Daily Deals post, but Amazon has dropped it another $13 so it’s worth pointing to again. The Withings Body has a number of options and can provide data such as weight, BMI, fat, muscle, and bone mass measurements. It also supports up to 8 users. Retails for as much as $130. Buy for $75 with in-page coupon (normal price $130). NETGEAR Orbi Home WiFi System If you’re in the market for a new WiFi router, check out the Orbi Home WiFi system. It gets very high marks and it’s part of the new wave of “Mesh” systems that promise to blanket larger, multilevel houses in strong WiFi signal. Features include up to 3 gigabit speed, easy setup, and the ability to cover up to 4,000 square feet. Buy this for $285 (normal price $400). Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar, $16 Speck iPhone case, and more Daily Deals: $110 off Xbox One S bundle, $700 off LG 4K TV, and more Daily Deals: 30% off TP-Link products, $10 iTunes movies, and more Daily Deals: $250 off MacBook Pro, 20% off Belkin products, and more Related Topics Accessories, Daily Deals, Deal, Discount, iPad, iPhone, Roundup HamXa Shaukat Hey Cody. Fix the Beats Solo 3 Wireless price. Its $219.00 and NOT the $150.00.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: $1,550 MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar, $16 Speck iPhone case, and more Alexa comes to the iPhone Apple’s free app of the week: Bean’s Quest Next-generation Apple TV running tvOS 11 spotted in usage logs Seventh betas of iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 now available   The latest jailbreak news BiggieSmallcc makes the album artwork more more prominent in Control Center This tweak removes the background mask effect from Spotlight search results BorderIcon+ adds colorized borders to various parts of your Home screen NoSpot10 removes Spotlight search from your iPhone PulseHUD displays a pulse animation when changing your iPhone volume iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Crime March 9, 2017 4:35 PM Man accused of attacking baby at Overland Park Wal-Mart is ordered to stand trial Oleh Zhownirovych was ordered to stand trial Thursday in the attempted choking of a baby in an Overland Park Wal-Mart last October. Johnson County Sheriff’s Office i By Tony Rizzo trizzo@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A former church pastor from New Jersey was ordered Thursday to stand trial in the unprovoked attack on a stranger’s baby at an Overland Park Wal-Mart. Oleh Zhownirovych is charged in Johnson County District Court with aggravated battery, aggravated kidnapping and battery. A judge on Thursday heard witness testimony about the incident last October in the 7700 block of Frontage Road. Monquisha Hill testified that she was standing in the checkout line with her then-4-month-old daughter in a car seat in a cart when a man she didn’t know took her daughter from her cart. “It happened suddenly,” she said. “I was really startled, shocked.” Hill said the man put the car seat handle around his neck so he and her daughter were facing each other. She testified that the man said, “I’m going to take her. Call 911.” The man then placed his hands around the baby’s neck and began choking her, Hill testified. “He was trying to get the breath out of her,” she said. He was also moving away in the direction of the exit as if he were trying to leave. Hill screamed for help as she tried to get the man’s hands off her daughter. Several people came to her aid, got the baby away from him and held him until police arrived. In court Thursday, Hill identified Zhownirovych as the man who attacked her baby. The incident left scratch marks on the little girl’s neck, and the baby experienced eating and sleeping troubles for weeks after the attack, Hill said. Zhownirovych, 54, is the former pastor of a Ukrainian Orthodox Church in Clifton, N.J. Authorities have not said why he was in the Kansas City area. A May 22 trial date has been set. Tony Rizzo: 816-234-4435, @trizzkc Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:44 Robber takes wallet, then shoots victim Pause 3:29 Robert Hester Jr. and the FBI: A timeline 3:50 Defendant in deaths of six firefighters in 1988 resentenced, will soon be released 4:16 Listen to police dispatches from the Olathe Austins shooting 0:47 Officer sees gunshot victim exit vehicle, collapse in KC 4:31 Olathe shooting victim Ian Grillot: 'Just grateful to be alive' 3:20 A look back at the explosion that killed six firefighters in 1988 1:55 Bryan Sheppard walks free after 22 years in prison for six KC firefighter deaths 1:50 Adoption by the numbers 1:59 Justice Department accuses Russian spies of Yahoo hack Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 hours ago Brownback honors victims of Olathe shooting at Kansas Capitol 2:14 2 hours ago Brownback honors victims of Olathe shooting at Kansas Capitol 0:44 7 hours ago Robber takes wallet, then shoots victim 0:47 7 hours ago Officer sees gunshot victim exit vehicle, collapse in KC View more video Crime Arrest made this week in November murder at Kansas City gas station; suspect charged Radioactive material was illegally stored at Lenexa lab, charges say Bank robbery that netted just $150 spurs guilty plea; holdup was in Excelsior Springs Man on probation for shooting NBA coach Earl Watson’s brother is back in jail Thief shoots victim after taking wallet during street robbery in Kansas City Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Grand jury indicts mother of newborn found in New Roads Wal-Mart trash: report thomas_kyandrea.jpg A grand jury on Thursday, March 9, 2017, indicted Kyandrea Thomas, pictured, on charges of attempted second-degree murder and cruelty to a juvenile related to the discovery on Dec. 23, 2016, of Thomas' newborn in a Wal-Mart trash can in New Roads. (East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office) Print Email Emily Lane, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Emily Lane, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 09, 2017 at 4:05 PM, updated March 09, 2017 at 4:09 PM comments The mother of a newborn found in the trashcan of a New Roads Wal-Mart in December was indicted Thursday (March 9) on a charge of second-degree attempted murder in East Baton Rouge Parish, WAFB reports. A grand jury formally charged Kyandrea Thomas, 34, with the attempted murder charge as well as cruelty to a juvenile, the Baton Rouge TV news station reported. Police said the 6-hour-old infant was found in the trash can Dec. 23, 2016, after Thomas gave birth to the child in the store's bathroom.  Louisiana's Safe Haven law allows parents to leave children 60 days or younger at state-sanctioned "Safe Baby Sites," including hospitals, police stations, fire stations or child advocacy centers with no questions asked. As long as the baby shows no signs of abuse or neglect, the parents will not be prosecuted for abandonment. Read WAFB's full story here. Times-Picayune staff writer Beau Evans contributed to this report.  follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 56° Fair Hi 64° Lo 31° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Scam calls surge in Craig: On the record for March 7, 8 By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Thursday, March 9, 2017 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Craig Police Department Craig  Tuesday, March 7 8:09 a.m. On the 1500 block of Barclay Street, officers responded to a report of a theft. An unlocked vehicle had been entered cash amounting to less than $50 was taken. 1:43 p.m. On the 900 block of Steele Court, officers responded to a report of fraud. The caller suspected he had received a scam call from someone asking for donations for Moffat County High School. He didn’t give them any information. 9:18 p.m. On the 400 block of Elmwood Street, officers responded to a report of a possible theft from a vehicle. Someone saw a man sitting in his vehicle with two individuals standing by the tailgate. Officers did not find any evidence of a crime and nothing was missing. Wednesday, March 8 12:39 a.m. At Mathers Bar, officers responded to a fight between three men. Two men left northbound from the bar and an ambulance was called for a 38-year-old injured man who remained at the bar. He refused medical and declined to assist in prosecuting the offenders. 6:42 a.m. On the 2000 block of West Victory Way, officers responded to a crash between a tanker and a Toyota pickup. The tanker was leaving Walmart and pulled into the intersection with a green light when the pickup, traveling eastbound, ran the red light and became lodged underneath the tanker. The male driver of the pickup and a young child were transported to The Memorial Hospital and quickly released with no major injuries. Victory Way was closed while the accident was cleared. 7:12 a.m. At an undisclosed location, officers responded to a report of a sex assault. 10:05 a.m. On the 1000 block of East Seventh Street, officers responded to a report of domestic violence. A woman called and said her husband was dismantling her vehicle. She asked him to leave and he refused. Officers found him driving a black Chevy Suburban with a tan hood. He was found to be on probation and was arrested for unspecified charges. 11:07 a.m. At Columbine Apartments, officers responded to a report of possible domestic violence. The reporting party heard someone getting thrown across the room and a lot of commotion. They saw two people leaving in an orange Ford Focus, heading east on the frontage road. Officers contacted them and found no evidence of a crime. 11:17 a.m. At an undisclosed location, officers responded to a report of possible child abuse. 12:43 p.m. At East Seventh Street and Lincoln Street, officers responded to a report of a suspicious male in a plaid jacket sitting at the corner who appeared to be intoxicated. 1:26 p.m. On the 900 block of Taylor Street, officers responded to a report of a possible scam call from a party stating he was calling from India from the Internal Revenue Service. 2:43 p.m. At Sunset Meadows on Ledford Street, officers responded to a report of another scam call allegedly from the Social Security office in Washington D.C. The caller claimed the recipient should have received a letter and would get a raise on her Social Security payments. The potential victim gave some information, then realized it may be a scam and hung up. 2:53 p.m. At The Memorial Hospital, officers responded to a report of an identity theft. 4:08 p.m. On the 600 block of West Fourth Street, officers responded to a report of theft. A license plate and floor jack were stolen out of a vehicle. 4:44 p.m. At City Market, officers responded to a report of a suspicious male looking at cars in the parking lot. He was contacted and stated he was just waiting for a friend. 10:08 p.m. At the Moffat County Fairground barns, officers responded to a report of a suspicious vehicle. An unoccupied white Maxima was parked and the owner walked up and stated they were waiting for a sober driver to come get them. More like this story Burglary with a baseball bat: On the record for Feb. 14, 15 Stolen ATV: On the record for Feb. 23 No laughing matter: On the record for Feb. 1, 2 Ex-girlfriend spotted on fire escape: On the record for Jan. 19 Elderly man loses $3,000 to scam: On the record for Feb. 9 Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Craig Police Department warns of new scam 2 comments 2017 Election Guide: Q&A with Craig City Council and mayoral candidates 4 comments Melton and Elaine Sullivan: We support Ponikvar 1 comment Allen Hischke: A rec center, really? 2 comments Tax ballot question to be discussed Thursday at community forum in Craig 3 comments Brandi Meek: State sales tax could increase too 1 comment Moffat County Tourism Association to relocate, again 1 comment Juniper Hot Springs targeted by vandalism, future development plans uncertain 1 comment Craig receives $930K for sidewalks connecting Ridgeview to city 1 comment Curtain opens Friday on 71-year-old Craig tradition 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 3/9/2017 4:08 PM Fox Valley police reports Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Carpentersville • Spray-painted graffiti was found March 1 and again Sunday on fences along Indian Lane properties, facing Sunny Hill Elementary School. Graffiti was also found March 2 on the wall of the school. • An Elgin teen, 13, was charged Saturday with retail theft, according to Carpentersville police. He is accused of stealing a cellphone, a memory card and a phone charger from Wal-Mart at 365 Lake Marian Road. He also damaged the packaging of a second cellphone, which could no longer be sold as new, police said. • Luis Cabral, 19, of Carpentersville, was charged March 2 with possession of cannabis, according to a police report. During a traffic stop, police found a grinder, a pipe and a substance containing cannabis in his vehicle, according to the report. Batavia • A jar containing about $40 collected for the Children's Miracle Network charity was stolen around 10:37 a.m. Feb. 20 at Speedway, 1400 E. Wilson St. • Jaroslaw A. Koleczek, 52, of the 40W500 block of Campton Woods Drive, Elburn, was charged with retail theft at 11:20 a.m. Feb. 20 at a store on the 800 block of North Randall Road, police said. He is accused of trying to steal printer ink. • A Lyric Smart Wi-Fi thermostat was stolen from Menards, 300 N. Randall Road, it was reported at 5 p.m. Feb. 13. Kane County • A resident of the 0N300 block of Pioneer Court near St. Charles reported a case of identity theft at 6:16 p.m. Tuesday after learning from the IRS someone used that person's Social Security number and other information to file a tax return. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Elgin Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Batavia Carpentersville Elburn Elgin St. Charles Police Blotter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business Tomato pickers win higher pay. Can other workers use their strategy? A shift in thought Florida’s tomato pickers took on some of the country’s biggest retailers and fast-food chains – and won, transforming working conditions in the tomato fields. Now they and their allies are trying to take the fight to new fields and new industries.  Monitor's Best: Top 5 How does a water bear survive drying out? What Trump’s stark budget says about his priorities Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts Three myths holding back America's public schools Why GOP plan's 'historic' reform of Medicaid has many worried Popular Now First Look April the Giraffe 'at the end of the pregnancy,' say zookeepers How does a water bear survive drying out? What Trump’s stark budget says about his priorities Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts First Look What's with the humpback 'super-groups' forming near South Africa? Photos of the Day 03/16 SUBSCRIBE Farmworkers in Immokalee, Fla., shown here in 2015, have managed to win better wages and working conditions by targeting restaurant chains that serve their tomatoes. Advocates are now using the strategy to help low-paid, often immigrant workers in other industries. Melanie Stetson Freeman/Staff | Caption Loading... Richard Mertens Correspondent March 9, 2017 Immokalee, Fla.—On a bright Sunday morning, about two dozen tomato pickers from this dusty south Florida farming town pile into white vans and drive a half hour to Naples, a wealthy coastal city of palm trees, art galleries, and waterfront mansions. They pull up at a Wendy’s on US 41, a busy six-lane thoroughfare, and for the next hour, joined by local supporters, march up and down the sidewalk, chanting slogans and brandishing signs denouncing the fast-food chain. A Naples television crew films them while motorists stare, a few honking or flashing a thumbs-up as they pass. Tactics like this protest outside Wendy’s, repeated in cities across the country, have helped make the Coalition of Immokalee Workers one of the most successful worker organizations in the country. By applying pressure to corporations at the top of the supply chain, the big retailers and fast-food chains that buy tomatoes, the CIW has helped tens of thousands of mostly Hispanic immigrant workers who pick the bulk of the nation’s winter tomato crop. It has lifted wages, improved working conditions, and put an end to widespread sexual harassment, forced labor, and other abuses that made the Florida tomato fields notorious even by the harsh standards of American farm labor. “They have transformed the situation in the fields,” says Susan Marquis, dean of the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School, who is writing a book about the tomato pickers. “It’s an inspiring story.” Now the question is whether a labor movement forged and tested in the Florida tomato fields might work elsewhere. The CIW has expanded to six other states, mostly in the South, and to new crops, including peppers and strawberries. Workers and worker advocates inspired by the tomato pickers or working in alliance with them are also trying to help construction workers in Texas, dairy workers in Vermont, and garment workers in Bangladesh. “Workers in other industries are realizing what we’re doing here,” says Lupe Gonzalo, a 36-year-old immigrant from Guatemala. Ms. Gonzalo began picking tomatoes in Florida 16 years ago and says she saw conditions improve dramatically because of the CIW’s efforts. Now she’s one of its leaders. “Before you were seen as a machine to make money,” she says. “Now we’re seen as human beings.” Infographic 10 Immigration myths debunked Efforts like the CIW’s may be more important more than ever, say worker advocates. One reason is the decline of union influence. Another is globalization. International supply chains and layers of subcontracting are increasingly obscuring the sources of food and other consumer goods—and the conditions for workers who produce them. “We’re all working together to see how we can push this model out to where we can replicate the CIW’s success,” says Gregory Regaignon, research director for the Business and Human Rights Resource Centre, a London-based nonprofit that monitors the intersection of human rights and business around the world. “Where there are gaps, where unions are not present, I do think there’s a lot of potential.” Many challenges remain. Nonunion consumer-driven campaigns are still small and relatively untested, especially when compared with the long history of union organizing. The Trump administration’s new crackdown on unuathorized immigrants also raises new questions. Can a movement devoted to organizing low-wage workers gain momentum when many of its members worry that they or their family members might be deported? “There’s a lot of fear,” says Margaret Gray, a professor at Adelphi University in Garden City, N.Y., and an expert on food and agricultural movements. Still, the tomato pickers have notched several successes, which stand in sharp contrast to the wider struggles of organized labor, as union membership in the private sector drops to historic lows and more states adopt antiunion legislation. The CIW works apart from unions. It’s one of a growing number of “worker centers” that advocate on behalf of some of the poorest and most vulnerable workers, often immigrants, and often framing labor issues as questions of human rights. A shift in focus Formed in 1993, the CIW tried to improve wages and working conditions for tomato pickers by pressuring their employers, the Florida growers. Eventually they decided to shift their focus to where real leverage lies, with the corporations that buy the tomatoes and sell or serve them to the public. A four-year boycott yielded an agreement with Taco Bell in 2005, and other big companies followed, including McDonalds, Burger King, and Whole Foods. The retail giant Walmart signed on in 2014. So far, 14 major corporations have signed on to the CIW’s “Fair Food Program.” The Fair Food Program requires companies to pay a few cents a pound extra for tomatoes, most of which goes directly to the pickers. It also requires them to buy from growers who commit to improved working conditions, including access to shade, drinking water, and bathrooms. An independent organization, the Fair Food Standards Council, monitors and enforces the agreement. Crew chief Francisco Dominguez, a former activist for good labor practices, now heads a crew of tomato pickers for a tomato-growing company in Immokalee, Fla. . Melanie Stetson Freeman/Staff | Caption The tomato pickers and their allies call this approach “worker-centered social responsibility.” It targets well-known brands and, in contrast to corporations’ own ethics codes, use agreements that can be independently monitored and legally enforced. Another essential feature is close worker involvement. In Florida, the tomato pickers were able to define small but important details such as what constituted a full bucket of tomatoes – not mounded, but level with the brim. Pickers receive regular training on the details of the Fair Food Program and access to a 24-hour hotline to report violations. In this way, experts say, the tomato pickers avoided two shortcomings that have undermined other consumer-driven campaigns on behalf of low-wage workers: poor compliance and a lack of worker participation. “The way in which they’ve handled these two large problems is remarkable,” says James Brudney, an expert in labor law at Fordham University in New York. “There’s no reason this model can’t work across the United States.” From Florida to Vermont One group that’s worked closely with the tomato pickers is Migrant Justice, a nonprofit in Burlington, Vt., that is trying to help hundreds of dairy workers in that state. In 2014, Migrant Justice invited Ben and Jerry’s to join a program that it called Milk with Dignity, which would bring independent monitoring to the farms from which the company buys milk. Ben and Jerry’s, a subsidiary of the multinational Unilever, declined, arguing that its own corporate ethics code already protected workers. Migrant Justice responded with a nationwide protest. After a few weeks of bad publicity, with demonstrations outside ice cream shops in more than a dozen cities, the company gave in. The two sides are still negotiating terms of an agreement. “It’s actually a fairly complicated agreement,” says Brendan O’Neill, campaign coordinator for Migrant Justice. Dairy farms in Vermont once relied on family and local labor, but in recent years have turned to immigrant labor, usually Hispanics. “They have great cow skills,” says Harold Howrigan, a dairy farmer and president of the St. Albans Cooperative Creamery, a supplier to Ben and Jerry’s. “They’re not afraid of work.” Most farmers treat their workers well. But a Migrant Justice survey revealed problems at some farms, with complaints about substandard housing, long hours without time off, and wages below the federal minimum. If Milk with Dignity succeeds with Ben and Jerry’s, similar deals might be struck on behalf of dairy workers in other regions, says Mr. O’Neill. “This is just the beginning.” Cleaning up construction One of the nation’s most dangerous construction markets – the state of Texas – is the focus of a similar campaign by the Workers Defense Project. A 2013 report by Workers Defense and researchers at the universities of Illinois and Texas found that the fatality rate among Texas construction workers exceeded the national average. Texas is also a state where union membership is low, worker protections are few, and many workers are undocumented immigrants. Workers Defense formed in 2002 to help them. It recovered unpaid wages, secured medical care, arranged training, and addressed other issues. Eventually, however, it grew dissatisfied with its case-by-case approach. Inspired by the tomato pickers, it shifted its focus from contractors and subcontractors to the developers in charge. In 2012, it persuaded the Austin City Council to require Apple, which hoped to build an operations center in the city, to guarantee construction workers a range of benefits in exchange for $8.6 million in tax breaks. These benefits included higher wages, safety training, workers compensation insurance, and independent monitoring. Since then, Workers Defense has persuaded other developers to adopt what it calls “Better Builder” standards. A bigger victory came last week, when the Austin City Council passed an ordinance that grants swifter permit review to developers who participate in the Better Builder program. “Texas is booming, and neighborhoods, renters, elected officials and other community groups across the state are having conversations about what responsible growth and development looks like,” says Robert Delp, who directs the Better Builder program. Chamber of commerce opposes move The Austin Chamber of Commerce has denounced the ordinance as “more red tape” and “a step backwards.” But unions and some developers have welcomed it. “We really feel that we’ve got to support efforts like this to raise the industry as a whole,” says Jeremy Hendricks, an official with Laborers International Local 753 in Austin. “It’s really a model that can be expanded across the South.” Probably the most ambitious attempt to force corporations to take responsibility for workers at the bottom of the supply chain is the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh. Negotiated after the collapse of a Bangladesh clothing factory in 2013, which killed 1,134 workers, the Accord has built upon the decades-long “anti-sweatshop” movement on university and college campuses. Developed in consultation with the Florida tomato pickers, among others, the Accord requires factories to make safety improvements, submit to independent inspections, and allow the participation of Bangladesh trade unions. The agreement covers 1,646 factories and more than 2 million workers. More than 200 corporations have signed on, including Adidas, Fruit of the Loom, and Abercrombie & Fitch. (Many clothing retailers in the United States – including Walmart, the Gap, and Target – have shunned the Accord and started a rival program that critics say lacks the same labor protections.) All has not gone smoothly. According to the Accord, safety improvements are behind schedule in almost all the factories. In January, officials sent a letter to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina protesting the detention of 15 workers and the firing of 1,500 others for demanding higher wages. The tomato pickers “made a tremendous contribution to this whole approach,” says Scott Nova, executive director of the nonprofit Workers Rights Consortium and one of the architects of the Accord. In particular, he says, the CIW showed that any agreement must take industry economics into account. Labor experts say there is growing interest in consumer-driven campaigns on behalf of workers. But they warn that matching the tomato pickers’ success won’t be easy. “It’s not something you can replicate instantaneously,” says Janice Fine, a professor in the School of Management and Labor Relations at Rutgers University in New Jersey and an expert on worker centers. “It’s the result of a lot of work for a long time, a lot of painstaking work building and organizing people in a community for a lot of years.” It’s also not seen as a replacement for unions. “We have over 100 years of labor history,” says Andrew Shrank, a labor expert at Brown University in Rhode Island. “There’s a … lot of evidence that strikes have gotten workers a lot. There’s not a record of sustained success among consumer driven campaigns.” One big challenge is funding. Unions pay for their efforts through dues; worker centers usually depend on philanthropic organizations. “There are so many well intentioned people out there, and so few resources,” says Adelphi’s Professor Gray. “I’ve seen so many efforts get sidelined because the immediate survival needs of workers can trump the long-term organizing goals.” The Trump administration’s immigration crackdown may make organizing immigrant farm workers even harder than it already is, says Renan Salgado, who works on human trafficking issues for the Worker Justice Center of New York, based in Rochester. “The idea of them coming forward to get some justice and organize around fair pay, or anything, is not something they’re going to want to jeopardize their status for.” Others are seeing a surge of activism. In Texas, immigrant groups are trying to rally against the federal crackdown against unauthorized immigrants and fighting the efforts of Texas lawmakers to strip immigrants of the protections they have enjoyed in so-called sanctuary cities like Austin.  “Folks are standing up for their rights and speaking out,” says Mr. Delp at Workers Defense. “There’s also fear. It’s both.” Foreign challenges Outside the United States, the lack of a strong civil society – “where people don’t live in fear” – limits efforts to organize farm workers, says Greg Asbed, one of the CIW’s founders. He says this would make it hard to expand the CIW’s Fair Food Program to Mexico, a growing source of American tomatoes. “No human rights can be effectively enforced in that context,” he says. But many people have turned to the tomato pickers for help and advice – from pickers in Morocco, planners of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, and European Union officials worried about slavery in European supply chains. One of the biggest challenges may be simply to keep consumers engaged. The tomato pickers have enlisted the support of student activists, faith communities, and other groups. But it doesn’t always work. Wendy’s has long resisted the CIW’s efforts, buying its tomatoes in Mexico and elsewhere. Last April the CIW launched a national boycott of the company, beginning with a “Month of Outrage” that included protests around the country. The company hasn’t budged. In a statement last fall, a Wendy’s spokesperson insisted that the company already requires producers to follow “responsible business practices.” And “we don’t believe we should have to pay another company’s employees.” Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × But perseverance may be the most important lesson. “If it were easy for new ideas to take shape and have an impact, it would happen all the time,” says Mr. Asbed. “This is a brand new paradigm.” Did this story deliver on 'A shift in thought'?    Thanks for your feedback. Great, thanks for your feedback. Please share this story! Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Infographic 10 Immigration myths debunked Trump says GOP is now party of the working class. Is he right? By Peter Grier Trafficking: In Florida's tomato fields, a fight for ethical farm labor grows By Patrik Jonsson Modern slavery: Labor trafficking is everywhere and nowhere By Stephanie Hanes Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 03/16 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Join Michael Savage on the Front Line of Trump’s War Home | Newsmax TV Tags: Steve Forbes | Border Tax | Trump Steve Forbes to Newsmax: Border Tax 'Ridiculous;' Hits Those Who Voted for Trump Please enable Javascript to watch this video By Bill Hoffmann   |   Thursday, 09 Mar 2017 03:20 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The "border tax" proposed by House Speaker Paul Ryan is a "ridiculous" idea that will cause the price of gasoline and other goods to skyrocket, Steve Forbes, chairman and editor-in-chief of Forbes Media, tells Newsmax TV. "It's ridiculous. It's a step to value added tax and value added taxes hit the very people who have elected Donald Trump president," Forbes said Thursday to Steve Malzberg on "America Talks Live." "It's going to raise the cost of gasoline for millions of motors 30 cents a gallon, raise the cost of vehicles $2,500, raise the cost of stuff you buy at Wal-Mart and Kmart. Do you want to do that to finance a corporate tax cut? Oh, I can see the Democrat ads on this already." Watch Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV: Tune in beginning at 12 PM ET to "America Talks Live" — on FiOS 115/615, YouTube Livestream, Newsmax TV App from any smartphone, NewsmaxTV.com, Roku, Amazon Fire — More Systems Here As well, Forbes said, countries around the world affected by such a tax would retaliate, "so at the end of the day you'd have disrupted everything, you divide your base." The border tax, a key component of a tax-reform package being pushed by House Republicans, would slap as much as a 20 percent U.S. tax on imports, while exports would be exempt. The Trump administration has yet to officially weigh in on the GOP proposal, but last week Larry Kudlow, a top economic adviser to Trump's presidential campaign, said the White House leaning towards such a a levy. Sen. Jeff Flake, an Arizona Republican, said on Wednesday it would be bad for business. "Whether it is raw material or specialty parts, roughly 50 percent of our nation's imports consist of inputs for U.S. production and manufacturing," Flake said in a speech to the Senate. Related Stories: Martin Feldstein: Border Tax Will Hurt Foreign Exporters Trump Vows to Community Bankers He Will Scale Back Regulations Steve Forbes: AHCA Needs Transparency Steve Forbes: Make Tax Reform 'Retroactive to January 1st' Steve Forbes: Stocks Bullish on Tax Reform © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsmax-Tv The border tax proposed by House Speaker Paul Ryan is a "ridiculous" idea that will cause the price of gasoline and other goods to skyrocket, Steve Forbes, chairman and editor-in-chief of Forbes Media, tells Newsmax TV. Steve Forbes, Border Tax, Trump 303 Thursday, 09 Mar 2017 03:20 PM 2017-20-09 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Tom DeLay: GOP Will Keep a 'Fixed' Obamacare Thursday, 16 Mar 2017 17:11 PM Former House Majority Leader Tom Delay, R-Texas, believes Republican lawmakers will keep a "fixed" form of the Affordabl . . . DeLay: Trump Must Stop 'Lawless' Judiciary Thursday, 16 Mar 2017 17:02 PM The latest federal court rejection of President Donald Trump's travel ban targeting six predominantly Muslim countries p . . . DeLay: Give Us Wiretap Evidence, Trump, or Keep 'Mouth Shut' Thursday, 16 Mar 2017 16:32 PM President Donald Trump should either provide proof of his claim he was wiretapped by former President Barack Obama or "k . . . More Most Commented Judge in Hawaii Puts Trump's Travel Ban on Hold Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 953 comments It is very disturbing to see judges make rulings based upon emotional... Pelosi: No Democratic Votes for GOP Healthcare Plan Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 726 comments GOP didn't vote on the last one and she still rammed it through. Maybe she... CBO: 14 Million Will Lose Coverage Under Obamacare Repeal, Premiums Will Surge Monday, 13 Mar 2017 | 579 comments Many of the 14 million didn't need or want Obamacare in the first place.... Rachel Maddow Says She'll Reveal Trump's Tax Returns Tonight Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 531 comments 11 years ago? Are you kidding me? Are these clowns desperate or what? The... Sessions Asks Remaining 46 US Attorneys Hired by Obama to Resign Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 560 comments Good move, Mister Attorney General. If you are to do your job properly,... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Legislators' backgrounds include circus performer, Disneyland train conductor By Hallie Golden and Michelle L. Price Associated Press Published: March 9, 2017 2:35 p.m. Updated: March 9, 2017 10:00 p.m. 1 Comment 1 of 5 View 5 Items Ravell Call, Deseret News Legislators and staff work in the House of Representatives at the Capitol in Salt Lake City on Monday, Feb. 13, 2017. As Utah's legislative session wraps up, the political views of each lawmaker have become clear. But what about their lives outside the Capitol? Related Link Utah Legislature 2017 SALT LAKE CITY — As Utah's legislative session wraps up, the political views of each lawmaker have become clear. But what about their lives outside the Capitol? Here are some interesting details about some of them: Circus performer Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in a circus. For about seven years, he and fellow performers traveled with Indiana's Peru Amateur Circus. More than three decades later, Ray says he still likes to swing on a trapeze every now and again. Santa Claus Anyone who visits the Wal-Mart in Perry around Christmastime might spot Rep. Lee Perry, R-Perry. Look for someone with a long white beard and bright red coat, because the lawmaker has been dressing up as Santa Claus to hand out presents to children for more than a decade. Wheat grinder For at least four decades, Sen. Margaret Dayton, R-Orem, has spent time grinding her own wheat. The lawmaker says she loves the way fresh bread tastes, so she will pick up wheat from Lehi Roller Mills, grind it up in her personal grinder and bake about four loaves of bread a week. Tortilla Frisbee Sen. Todd Weiler, R-Woods Cross, was a freshman at BYU when he was kicked out of a school football game for throwing tortillas. It was the big game between BYU and the University of Utah in 1985, and Weiler says he thought it would be fun to throw the tortillas around like Frisbees to try to get them on the football field. The security guards did not agree. Rock musician Those who went to Utah State University in 1999 may remember Rep. Jeremy Peterson, R-Ogden, and his band "The Attack Bobs" performing around campus. The band broke up when they graduated, but Peterson says he still writes his own acoustic rock music and plays guitar with some fellow lawmakers at the end of each legislative session. Disneyland conductor Sen. Lyle Hillyard, R-Logan, had just graduated from high school in 1958 when he headed to California to work at Disneyland. Hillyard started out as a ticket-taker, and by his second summer there, he became a conductor of the train that runs around the park. Trombone performer Rep. Elizabeth Weight, D-West Valley City, spent her first few years in Salt Lake City playing trombone with fellow musicians every Sunday evening during the summer in Liberty Park. The group has long been disbanded, but four decades later, Weight still plays trombone on her own and hopes to bring her music to Utah's Capitol sometime soon. Disc jockey 1 comment on this story For three decades, Sen. Gene Davis' voice has been heard at the Capitol. Before that, the Salt Lake City Democrat could be heard on the airwaves. Davis was a rock 'n' roll disc jockey, working more than two decades at Salt Lake City radio stations, starting in the mid-1950s. The senator's memories from his DJ career include meeting Pete Townshend and Keith Moon of The Who, and taking song requests from drivers cruising Salt Lake City's main drag, State Street, something Davis said could have been straight out of the 1973 film "American Graffiti." Related Link Utah Legislature 2017 Like that? Read this. Utah 1 hour ago Utah housing shortage headed from bad to worse Sponsored by Utah League of Cities and Towns How libraries are changing with technology Utah 6 hours ago 'Everything he said was not a fib,' Provo mayor says of chief's resignation The PopuList 1 The Bangor Daily News says Maine's national monument battle 'is nothing compared to Utah' 2 2017 changes to liquor laws join other significant state actions 3 Salt Lake artist offers discounted tattoos for self-harm help 4 Legislature takes action on law enforcement, criminal justice reforms 5 Salt Lake police say missing teen reunited with family View all for Utah most Commented 71 Why are Utah teachers leaving their jobs at such a ‘very high’ rate? 57 MormonLeaks attorney threatens legal action against LDS Church 40 Jason Chaffetz and Rosie O'Donnell are feuding. Here's why 33 Nude selfies a big problem in Utah schools, officials warn 32 Rep. Chris Stewart: 'We will know' whether Trump was wiretapped by Obama 28 LDS Church says missionary who grabbed assailant's gun acted to protect his life, companion 25 South Salt Lake, West Valley residents protest potential homeless shelter sites 24 Reward approaches $50,000 in tortured Clearfield cat case Thursday, March, 16, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu STILL KICKING Instacart’s huge new funding round means Uber-for-X isn’t dead yet Written by Alison Griswold March 09, 2017 Powered by Instacart. (Reuters/Mario Anzuoni) Share Written by Alison Griswold March 09, 2017 Uber-for-X isn’t dead yet. A startup in Los Angeles raised $10 million earlier this year to deliver rental cars to people. A new venture from a graduate student at Stanford is supplying “emergency” items like tissues and deodorant on college campuses. And on-demand groceries company Instacart just closed $400 million in Series D funding. That brings its total financing to $711 million, and valuation to $3.4 billion. The fresh capital is a big vote of confidence for Instacart, which this time last year was in tumult. The company had suspended one-hour service in New York City and was slashing wages for the shoppers who fill its orders in the US. Despite a five-year deal with Whole Foods and revenue-generating partnerships with retailers like Costco and Target, Instacart was losing money on most orders. There’s still reason to doubt. Instacart recently cut pay for workers in four US cities. Last September, it made the controversial decision to replace in-app tips with a company-collected “service fee.” Investor enthusiasm for the on-demand sector has also cooled. Funding to on-demand startups fell 35% in 2016 from the previous year, according to data from venture-capital research firm CB Insights. But in an interview with Quartz on March 8, Instacart chief financial officer Ravi Gupta was optimistic. “Folks love our products,” he said. Instacart now makes money on every delivery, Gupta told Quartz. The company also became contribution-margin profitable last fall. That means it books a profit after most operating expenses—shopper pay, auto insurance and workers comp, customer service, credit card fees, and money spent acquiring new workers—but before things like office rent and salaries for employees at HQ. Instacart’s calculation also doesn’t include any marketing costs, which have drained other on-demand startups. “We haven’t done any marketing historically, so we don’t really have a customer acquisition bucket,” Gupta said. Grocery is the holy grail of delivery. Both traditional and e-commerce retailers believe that online grocery is key to turning casual shoppers into loyal customers. Amazon is hard at work on its own delivery service, Amazon Fresh, while Walmart and supermarket Kroger are testing delivery via Uber. Grocery was also a strength of Jet.com, the e-commerce startup Walmart acquired for $3.3 billion last August. Online grocery sales in the US are predicted to grow from $71 billion this year to $177 billion by 2022, according to a January report from financial services firm Cowen. Another reason grocery delivery is so coveted is because the business is notoriously tricky. Costco never cracked it and Instacart precursor Webvan became one of the most famous flameouts of the dot-com bubble in the early aughts. Amazon has been trying to get it right since 2007. In brick-and-mortar supermarkets, margins can be as thin as 1% to 3%. “If anybody knows how to get 20% margins in groceries, call me!” Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos joked on Twitter last month. And on the NYPost article, if anybody knows how to get 20% margins in groceries, call me! :) — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) February 7, 2017 For now, Instacart is in the lead. In 2016, Instacart’s US market share more than doubled that of Fresh Direct, its closest competitor, and nearly quadrupled that of Amazon Fresh, according to an analysis of e-receipts from 4.7 million online shoppers by research firm Slice Intelligence. But that edge might not last. Instacart’s growth in orders slowed every quarter last year while Amazon Fresh’s accelerated in the second half of the year. Gupta said multiple revenue streams have stabilized Instacart’s finances. The company’s best-known revenue line is delivery fees. Most customers pay $5.99 per two-hour delivery (and $7.99 in New York). Twenty-eight percent subscribe to Instacart Express, a $149 annual membership that includes unlimited two-hour deliveries of orders over $35. Express customers make up 50% of all orders, Gupta said. They spend an average of $450 over four to five orders a month. In other words, those customers use Instacart nearly as often as the typical American went to the supermarket in 2016, according to the Food Marketing Institute. Instacart also earns money by taking a cut of orders at partner stores, much like Uber collects a commission on rides. (Instacart calls this “revenue sharing.”) And it has advertising deals with consumer packaged goods companies like Nestle, Unilever, and General Mills that pay to promote their products in Instacart’s app or serve coupons to its users. In some stores, Instacart also marks up item prices. A recent viral post on Reddit detailed how one Instacart user in Boston paid $154.80 to have $86.87 worth of groceries delivered from Market Basket, an increase of 78%. Beyond that, the company is quietly working on a white-label delivery service for grocery stores, “Powered by Instacart.” Instacart has rolled out this service for Whole Foods and Schnucks, a St. Louis-based grocery chain and Midwest staple. While most Instacart orders come in through the company’s app, for Whole Foods and Schnucks, Instacart built sites where customers can place their orders directly. The approach seems likely to help Instacart win business from chains that are worried about losing business to big-box retailers like Amazon and Walmart, but which are also wary of being overshadowed by Instacart’s brand. The Wall Street Journal reported in December that Target executives feared a partnership with Instacart was boosting the startup’s brand more than their own. Correction: An earlier version of this article misstated that a partnership between Instacart and Target fizzled. The partnership is still in place. Most Popular A court’s decision in a Maine labor dispute hinged on the absence of an Oxford comma Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue Lake Elsinore exploding with growth, part two: commercial and industrial By Paul Bandong on March 9, 20172 Comments Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Grant Taylor, director of community development for the city of Lake Elsinore, shares the status of commercial and industrial projects with a gathering of brokers, developers and investors at a recent briefing. Paul Bandong photo Editor’s note: Lake Elsinore is one of the fastest-growing cities in California and the nation. This article is the second in a three-part series detailing the explosive growth – economic development, investment and population – planned for Lake Elsinore. Part One was an overview and covered infrastructure projects to support the growth. Part Two focuses on commercial and industrial growth and some of the businesses coming to the area. “The window of opportunity is wide-open,” Director of Community Development Grant Taylor said, as he outlined more than1.5 million square feet of commercial projects that have been entitled and in construction or are in the planning process. Some businesses new to Lake Elsinore include Tractor Supply Company, Sleep Train, Dickey’s Barbecue Pit, Subs N’ Cup, SportClips, Stadium Pizza, Kitchen and Tap and Aldi. Next, Grant described some of the projects for commercial growth and sports tourism. Outlets at Lake Elsinore received exterior improvements, and signs; also, the Collier Avenue medians are complete. Four outpads totaling 20,000 square feet on the north side of Collier Avenue between Nichols Road and Riverside Road are under construction. The 14-acre, $6.5 million Rosetta Canyon Sports Park is open. The project was designed for tournament play with five softball diamonds, a two-story concessions stand with a covered observation deck; it also features a children’s playground, clock and cell tower, gazebos and an artificial turf football and soccer field. The first phase of the project, the Rosetta Community Park, consists of two lighted tennis courts, two lighted basketball courts, a baseball field, a tot lot, a 1.25-acre enclosed dog park and barbecue and picnic areas all on 8 acres. The 154,000-square-foot Wal-Mart Superstore, located on 18 acres on the southeast corner of Central Avenue and Cambern Avenue is awaiting a regional drainage fix. The project also includes four outpads. The seven-acre Airstream RV Dealership located at Camino del Norte and Ohanna Circle near Main Street will feature a unique sales office, a 6.2-square-foot airplane hangar. “Restaurant Row” on Dexter Avenue has a buffet and grill option under construction, the 7,800-square-foot Golden Corral. The eleven-acre Artisan Alley at the Diamond on Diamond Drive between Malaga Road and Campbell Street is a 95,000-square-foot, mixed-use commercial and retail center that will feature a hotel, breweries, a market and restaurants, in addition to national and regional retailers. In keeping with its theme as “The Action Sports Capital of the World,” the city of Lake Elsinore is building the 525,000-square-foot Diamond Sports Center that will have 58 indoor, multi-use courts, restaurants, food court, sports bar and ancillary services. The building will be 50 feet tall and sits on 24 acres on Diamond Drive between Lakeshore Drive and Pete Lehr Drive adjacent to the Storm Stadium. The Lakeshore Town Center is a 416,000-square-foot, mixed-use development with three multistory buildings, retail, 110 condos, convention center with pier and 100-room hotel on 25 acres on the lake at the intersection of Main Street and Lakeshore Drive. The Central Plaza Shopping Center occupies 7 acres at the northeast corner of Central Avenue and Collier Avenue. The 71,800-square-foot commercial, multi-tenant shopping center is pending a March approval. The Wakerider Resort and Beach Park will consist of an 11,350-square-foot commercial development with a restaurant, bar, coffee shop and bakery, retail and an additional eighty-room hotel. It also includes RV parking, camping, two floating docks and 30 boat slips. Taylor also briefly described a number of other projects underway. The construction of the eight-building, 152,000-square-foot Pasadena Industrial Park at Pasadena Street and Hunco Way is nearly complete. The Fairway Business Park, a three-building, 75,000-square-foot industrial park on 17 acres at the corner of Chaney Street and Temescal Wash channel has been approved. The Circle K demo and expansion project at Central and Dexter is underway; the new 4,500-square-foot Circle K food store, gas station and car wash at Riverside Drive and Joy Street are in plan check. Stadium Pizza, near the Cultural Center, is expanding to 10,000 square feet for restaurant, brewpub and arcade. The 13,000-square-foot, multi-tenant Ness Industrial building on Collier and Birch Street partially built a decade ago is nearing completion. The Quikcrete Plant is pending a Planning Commission hearing. Taylor also mentioned Central Pointe, Kassab Travel Center and an upscale boat sales service and manufacturing company, Tige Water Sports, with an interest in building a 26,000-square-foot center. The La Quinta Inn & Suites, at the northwest corner of Dexter Avenue and 3rd Street, has been approved and is awaiting building permits. The 63-room, four-story 36,446 square foot building will sit on 1.05 acres. The recently-approved Alberhill Villages Specific Plan includes 2.3 million square feet of commercial, 974,500 square feet of mixed use and a 63-acere, 6000-student university. “There is a lot of activity and great growth in the city of Lake Elsinore right now and in the near future,” Taylor said. “The window of opportunity is wide-open.” Author’s note: In last week’s article, Mayor Magee’s city highlights should have begun with “A development of over 8000 homes has just been approved with another 1100 residential dwelling units in process and over 29,000 yet to be built in the next five to 10 years.” Valley News apologizes for any confusion this may have caused. Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related business, city growth, commercial growth, economic development, Lake Elsinore Lake Elsinore exploding with growth, part two: commercial and industrial added by Paul Bandong on March 9, 2017 View all posts by Paul Bandong → Paul is a former Silicon Valley Business Management Consultant and Executive who wears many hats: Sales & Marketing, Business Development, Business and Real Estate Writing, as well as Sports Writing. "Our print products, online websites, and social media marketing and communications provide the best source for local news and advertising for our local communities and businesses." 2 Responses to "Lake Elsinore exploding with growth, part two: commercial and industrial" Michael Lechiara   March 10, 2017 at 8:03 pm We need FINE dining and less fast food. Residents shouldn’t have to drive to Corona or Temecula to find top name restaurants Reply Jeff Mellinger   March 11, 2017 at 11:19 pm I’m predicting the unique 6.2 square-foot office at the Airstream site will be standing room only Reply Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on Mar 16 2017, 5:55 pm PDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 77°F Wind: South at 6mph Humidity: 42% Dewpoint: 51.8°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe A Key Part of the GOP’s Plan to Overhaul the Tax Code Is in Deep Trouble “The hard reality is the border tax is on life support.” by Lynnley Browning @BrowningLynnley More stories by Lynnley Browning March 9, 2017, 2:59 PM EST From Subscribe Reprints Illustration: 731 Since Donald Trump’s surprise election victory, the president and Republican leaders in Congress have described tax reform as a top priority—a once-in-a-generation chance to overhaul the tax code in a way that lowers rates for companies and individuals, encourages businesses to make things at home instead of abroad, and ends incentives for companies to book profits overseas. All without raising the budget deficit. Republicans in Congress, led by House Speaker Paul Ryan, have come up with what they believe is a key part to the solution: a border adjusted tax, or BAT. Their plan proposes scrapping the 35 percent corporate rate, one of the highest in the world, and replacing it with a 20 percent rate that applies to profits from domestic sales and to imported goods and materials. Money earned from exports would be exempted from a company’s taxable income—effectively letting U.S. sales abroad go tax free. By taxing imports the plan would raise about $1.1 trillion in federal revenue over a decade—enough to offset the revenue losses from lower tax rates. Sounds great, right? Except there’s a reason the tax code hasn’t been fundamentally changed since the Reagan administration. Entire industries and business models have been built around tiny nuances of the rules, so any change creates big winners and losers. And sure enough, political and corporate forces have mobilized to take sides in what has become the biggest tax fight in almost four decades. Companies that rely heavily on exports, such as Boeing Co. and Oracle Corp., love the plan—for obvious reasons. Beyond profits, they also say a BAT would make American manufacturers more competitive by putting them on equal footing with foreign competitors around the world. Importers hate the BAT. Big retailers such as Walmart Stores Inc. and Best Buy Co. contend that border adjustments will dent profit margins and force them to raise prices on everything from avocados and furniture to Nike shoes and French cheese. In a Feb. 28 letter to congressional leaders, the Americans for Affordable Products coalition said the tax would raise consumer costs “by as much as $1,700” in the first year. To counter that argument, exporters and pro-BAT groups say border adjustments would cause the U.S. dollar to strengthen over time. A stronger dollar would lower the cost of imports, helping to offset the effects of the tax. Well, that’s the theory. A border adjusted tax of the type House leaders envision has never been put to the test in the real world. Importers say they haven’t seen much benefit from a stronger dollar in the past. “If I see any price reduction due to a stronger dollar, it is a minor miracle, and it will probably take a year or more of arguing with my suppliers,” says Don Chernoff, founder of SkyRoll Luggage Co., a Reston, Va.-based company that imports its luggage from Thailand. “In the end I get mostly zero benefit from a stronger dollar. The academic economists never seem to understand any of this reality.” One such economist, Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley, argues that by focusing on the interplay of imports and exports, BAT critics miss the point. Border adjustments, he says, will boost domestic production while reducing incentives for companies to shift profits overseas, where they’re untaxed by the U.S. until brought home. Companies are taking their message to consumers. In late February the National Retail Federation, which opposes the BAT, started airing TV commercials that parody an OxiClean infomercial, telling shoppers that “the all-new BAT tax is specially designed to make your disposable income—disappear!” Proponents, through the American Made Coalition that includes Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer Inc., launched a Twitter feed to support the tax. Both sides have created Facebook pages and websites with auto-form letters that viewers can send to Congress. Both, too, routinely pepper media outlets with press releases citing prominent people in the private sector and academia who either love or hate it. The politics are no less complicated. Texas Representative Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, has been on a media blitz since the start of the year to sell the concept to the public and fellow lawmakers. So far he’s struggling. A core group of House Republicans has come out in recent weeks against the BAT, citing the higher prices they’d inflict on consumers. Republican Senate support is in doubt, too. Tom Cotton, a Republican from Walmart’s home state of Arkansas, told a Senate floor session on Feb. 15 that border adjustments are “a theory wrapped in speculation inside a guess.” The next day, Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, a Texas Republican, said, “The hard reality is the border tax is on life support.” The big question is where Trump stands on Ryan’s plan. Senior advisers seem split: Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is an enthusiastic supporter of border adjustments, while National Economic Council director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin are said to be against them. In a Bloomberg TV interview on March 8, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross indicated he’s still on the fence. “As we get to understand more of the intricate details of it … that’s when we will take a position,” he said. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Ryan and Brady aren’t backing down. Without border adjustments, they say, their plan to rewrite the tax code can’t happen. That $1.1 trillion in revenue is crucial to the politics of the BAT, since it helps keep it deficit-neutral, a prerequisite for passing a tax bill through the Senate without Democratic votes. “What it boils down to is that it’s a way to pay for the rest of the tax plan,” says Veronique de Rugy, an economist at George Mason University. “Only revenue comes from this feature—economic growth doesn’t.” That $1 trillion is also crucial to how the BAT might affect the economy. Says Ross, “That is way too big a number to get wrong.” —With Sahil Kapur The bottom line: A border adjusted tax would cut the 35 percent corporate rate to 20 percent but tax imports, leaving clear winners and losers. How Will Trump Pay for His Tax Cuts? Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump’s Second Bid at Travel Ban Knocked Down by Two U.S. Judges Yellen Calms Fears Fed’s Policy Trigger Finger Is Getting Itchy Trump Plans Historic Cuts Across Government to Fund Defense Dutch Liberals Defeat Wilders’s Party in Blow to Populist Surge Trump Says He Based Charge of Obama Wiretapping on Media Reports Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
ComicBook.com Comics DB WWE Pop Culture WWG Anime Channels Movies TV Comics Video Sign in using your account with: or sign in with your Comicbook ID: Email Password Login Remember me on this computer Register - Forgot Password By creating an account, you verify that you are at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the Comicbook.com Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Ex-Power Rangers Actor Admits Killing Roommate Shemar Moore Is Coming Back To Criminal Minds Transformers: The Last Knight Trailer #2 Released Spider-Man Venom Spinoff Gets A Release Date Green Ranger Causes Twitch Stream To Go Down Warner Bros. Delays Aquaman Release 5 Worst Couples In The Walking Dead History Samuel L. Jackson Wants In On John Wick 3 How Will Venom Tie Into Spider-Man Homecoming? Mads Mikkelsen Walked Out On A Fantastic Four Audition Spider-Man Venom Spinoff Film Nabs Director Warner Bros. Reportedly Looking To Film Another DC Film This ... Funko Unveils New Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Pop ... Which Venom Will Star In Sony's Spider-Man Spinoff? Sony's Venom Brings On Two Screenwriters, Clarifies Director Reports Exclusive: McFarlane Toys Debuts Brand New Walking Dead Figures Charlie Ridgely - 03/09/2017 Start Photo Gallery Back to Article Image of If there's one thing fans of The Walking Dead love as much as the actual show, it's the massive amount of awesome toys and collectibles that come with it. When it comes to these toys, no one does it better than McFarlane. The toy company - created by Image co-founder Todd McFarlane - has always created the most realistic figures on the market. Now, it's our pleasure to bring you the first look at the brand new Walking Dead figures from McFarlane. The new line includes a great set of survivor figures - including Rick, Michonne, and Daryl - and an awesome 10" figure of Glenn Rhee. Here are the bios for the new figure sets, and you can get the exclusive look at the toys in the gallery below. 10” Glenn – Legacy Edition  Glenn Rhee, with his uncanny ability to move in and out of perilous situations, has become Rick’s “go-to-town” expert. Throughout the apocalypse Glenn has proven himself a vital cog to the survival of the original Atlanta group. Though brave and selfless, he often finds himself in situations that could spell his own end. • Spectacular likeness of actor Steven Yeun, taken from a full 3D scan of the actor himself • Figure comes with blood splatter paint effect • Figure features new arms holding Glenn's pistol accessory • Comes with a black circular base for dynamic posing MSRP: $34.99 Available: June at Walmart stores AMC’s The Walking Dead Hero 3-Pack The trio of Michonne, Rick, and Daryl have lead the other survivors through many perilous situations. Despite their very different backgrounds, the three share an unspoken bond protecting the other survivors, as well as themselves, from walkers and other enemies looking to thwart their livelihood. •Three fully posable 5-inch figures of Michonne, Rick, and Daryl from based off scenes from Season 7of AMC’s The Walking Dead™ •Features Michonne's katana and sheath, Rick's colt python assault rifle, and Daryl's crossbow and knife •Spectacular likeness of Michonne, Rick, and Daryl taken from 3D scans of actors Danai Gurira, Andrew Lincoln, & Norman Reedus •AMC’s The Walking Dead™ themed window box packaging prominently MSRP: $29.99 Available:  June, exclusively at Walmart MORE WALKING DEAD: Did We Just Meet The Whisperers? / Gallery Of Rick And Michonne Getting It On / Another Sign Michonne Is Taking Andrea's Place / 'Say Yes' Recap With Spoilers / Nicotero On Sasha And Rosita's Mission / The Sixteen Candles Tribute In 'Say Yes' The Walking Dead TV series airs Sundays at 9 pm ET on AMC. For complete coverage and insider info all season long, follow @BrandonDavisBD on Twitter. The Walking DeadSunday at 9PM EST on AMC ComicBook Composite 86.82 #7All-Time Comic TV Shows Average rating 4.11/5 from 1,301 users#7All-Time Rated Full Profile Start Photo Gallery Back to Article Image of Charlie Ridgely @ComicBook Upcoming Movies T2: Trainspotting Mar 10 2017 Kong: Skull Island Mar 10 2017 Beauty and the Beast Mar 17 2017 The Belko Experiment Mar 17 2017 Power Rangers (2017) Mar 24 2017 Full List Comicbook.com Ex-Power Rangers Actor Admits Killing Roommate Pop Culture Now Shemar Moore Is Coming Back To Criminal Minds Comicbook.com Transformers: The Last Knight Trailer #2 Released Marvel Spider-Man Venom Spinoff Gets A Release Date Comicbook.com Green Ranger Causes Twitch Stream To Go Down DC Warner Bros. Delays Aquaman Release What's Hot: Pop Culture Now Weekly Movie Guide: Beauty and the Beast Company About Contact Us Advertising Staff Careers Legal Privacy DMCA Terms of Service Join Us Login Register Channels ComicBook.com DC Marvel Star Wars WWE Anime The Walking Dead Pop Culture Connect with Us Copyright 2015-2016 ComicBook.com. All rights reserved. Search Search Sites ComicBook.com Comics DB WWE Pop Culture WWG Channels Comicbook.com DC Marvel Star Wars WWE Anime WWG The Walking Dead Pop Culture Popular Logan The Walking Dead Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Game of Thrones Power Rangers Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Movies Movies Database Composite Rankings Movie Release Schedule Anticipation Rankings Top Grossing Comic Book Movies Thor: Ragnarok Wonder Woman Justice League Power Rangers Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 LEGO Batman The Batman TV TV Database Composite Rankings Upcoming Episodes The Walking Dead The Flash Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Luke Cage Arrow Game of Thrones Supergirl Gotham Westworld Comics DC Comics Image Comics Marvel Comics Video Current Major Issues ComicBook Cheat Sheet Comicbook CRAM! Trailers About About CB Sweepstakes Rules Contact Us Advertising Press Staff Privacy Terms of Service DMCA Jobs Sign Up For Free Newsletter Follow Follow us on Youtube
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Health & Science Opioid distributors sued by West Virginia counties hit by drug crisis The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it (John Moore/Getty Images) By Scott Higham and Lenny Bernstein By Scott Higham and Lenny Bernstein March 9 Follow @ScottHigham1 Follow @LennyMBernstein A new legal front is opening in the war against the nation’s opioid crisis as attorneys begin to pursue major corporations that distribute prescription painkillers. They are seeking billions of dollars in reimbursements for the devastation the drugs have caused in communities across the country. Attorneys in West Virginia, which has the highest opioid overdose rate in the nation, filed lawsuits in federal court Thursday on behalf of two counties and targeting some of the nation’s largest drug distribution companies. A dozen attorneys general in hard-hit states are considering similar suits against many of the same companies. “The purpose of these lawsuits is to make the economic cost of willfully violating the law so significant that we force the wholesalers to abide by the law,” said Paul Farrell Jr., who filed the lawsuits in West Virginia and plans to file lawsuits on behalf of five other counties in the state next week. The suits are among the first of their kind in the country. They accuse the companies of creating a hazard to public health and safety by shipping inordinate quantities of opioids into the state in violation of a West Virginia law. The law was originally designed to permit the demolition of run-down buildings that posed a public nuisance and threatened the safety of a community. The lawsuits name McKesson Corp., Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen — which distribute 85 percent of the nation’s drugs. Also named are Walgreens, CVS and others. “The unlawful conduct by the defendant wholesale distributors is purposeful and intentional,” the suit says. [A new divide in American Death] John Parker, a spokesman for the Healthcare Distribution Alliance, a trade association that represents the drug distributors, said in a statement that “prescription drug abuse is a complex problem and each component of the supply chain shares the responsibility for controlling the availability of opioid pain medications.” “This epidemic must be addressed through a multifaceted, collaborative approach that includes the doctors who write the prescriptions, the pharmacists who dispense the drugs, the distributors who deliver the medicines, the manufacturers who make and promote the products, and the federal and state regulators who license and regulate these entities and determine supply.” A spokeswoman for AmerisourceBergen said in a statement that the company “has been and remains committed to the safe and appropriate delivery of controlled substances.” The lawsuits come as counties and states grapple with the economic impact of a prescription-opioid epidemic that has resulted in nearly 180,000 overdose deaths since 2000 and led to tens of thousands more deaths from overdoses of heroin and fentanyl as the crisis has evolved. The epidemic has taken a financial toll on hospital emergency rooms, jails and law enforcement agencies. It has also undermined the stability of families in the hardest-hit communities. The death toll from overdoses of prescription painkillers has more than tripled in the past decade, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Nearly 40 people die each day in the United States from overdoses of drugs, such as oxycodone and hydrocodone. The West Virginia attorney general’s office recently settled lawsuits filed against opioid distributors for violating the state’s consumer protection laws. Cardinal Health agreed to pay $20 million and AmerisourceBergen $16 million. Both companies denied wrongdoing. A dozen attorneys general in states stricken by the epidemic are considering filing lawsuits against the distribution companies, according to attorneys Serena Hallowell and Michael P. Canty, a former federal prosecutor who handled prescription diversion cases for the Justice Department. They said the attorneys general are planning to seek damages from the distributors for the economic impact the drugs have had on their states. [Another senator demands information on DEA slowdown] Under federal law, drug distribution companies are required to report suspicious orders of narcotics to the Drug Enforcement Administration, including orders of unusually large size, orders that deviate from a normal pattern and orders of unusual frequency. Companies that fail to report such orders can face fines, and their DEA registrations can be revoked. The Washington Post reported in October that at least 13 of the companies knew or should have known that hundreds of millions of pills were ending up on the black market. But the companies ignored warnings and continued to send the drugs, sometimes after being alerted by the DEA or their own employees. Several of the drug distribution companies and pharmacies have already paid civil fines to settle cases brought by the federal government alleging that they violated the nation’s drug laws. Those companies include McKesson, the fifth largest corporation in the United States, Cardinal Health, Walgreens and CVS. Some of the companies also had portions of their operations suspended. “The epidemic still rages because the fines and suspensions imposed by the DEA do not change the conduct of the wholesale distribution industry,” the lawsuits filed in West Virginia say. “They pay fines as a cost of doing business in an industry which generates billions of dollars in annual revenue.” Between 2007 and 2012, drug distribution companies shipped 780 million doses of opioids to West Virginia, and 1,728 overdose deaths occurred, according to an investigation by the Charleston Gazette-Mail. [Teamsters demand that McKesson CEO return millions ] Cabell County, in the heart of the state, was flooded with nearly 40 million tablets of painkillers in that time. With a population of 96,000, that’s more than 400 pills for every adult and child. Farrell said the counties he represents want the distribution companies to pay for the treatment of addicts, programs to educate young people before they become addicted and law enforcement task forces to combat the continuing epidemic. He said damages could amount to “billions of dollars.” Counties across the state have been ravaged by the crisis. “The impact is beyond words,” said W. Kent Carper, president of the Kanawha County Commission in West Virginia, one of the counties that is suing the drug distributors. He said the distributors sent 66 million doses of oxycodone and hydrocodone into Kanawha County, population 190,000. Addiction and deaths have cost his taxpayers millions of dollars in lost wages and productivity, along with increased spending for police, hospitals and jails, he said. Distributors should be held accountable for the damage their drugs have done, Carper said. “They have no plausible reason for doing what they’re doing,” Carper said. “They did it for one reason: greed. People should go to jail.” national health-science Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national health-science Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email TOP STORIES Congressional Republicans sharply criticize Trump budget Defense hawks, rural conservatives and even some of Donald Trump’s most vocal supporters in Congress pushed back on the huge potential hike in defense spending as insufficient and decrying some other cuts to federal agencies and programs. Several of his closest allies have said the plan has virtually no chance in Congress. By Kelsey Snell and Karoun Demirjian 2 hours ago Analysis White House targets programs designed to help working poor The proposed cuts will fall hardest on rural and small town communities that Trump won, where one in three people are living paycheck to paycheck, according to a new analysis by the Center for American Progress, a liberal think tank. By Steven Mufson and Tracy Jan 9 hours ago Perspective: Trump’s budget forgets those ‘forgotten men and women’ Among the budget casualties: After-school programs for 1.6 million mostly poor kids Firing federal workers isn’t as easy as Trump makes it seem The president has made reducing the size of the federal workforce a priority — but laying off federal workers requires going through a formal process that can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive. By Eric Yoder and Lisa Rein 3 hours ago Wonkblog: Meals on Wheels is ‘not showing any results’ only if you ignore all these Institute dedicated to forging peace is targeted for extinction Listen Defending Trump’s claim (Video: Bastien Inzaurralde/Post; photo: Getty Images) The FixAnalysis Sean Spicer’s angry, lonely defense of Trump’s wiretapping claim, annotated As this transcript shows, things got contentious in the White House briefing room as the press secretary was confronted with doubts by leaders of both parties about President Trump’s claims that then-President Obama wiretapped him. By Aaron Blake 1 hour ago Spicer says Trump ‘stands by’ allegation, refuses to say whether claim was based on classified information Trump and his advisers can’t keep quiet — and it’s causing them real trouble From the travel ban to bogus wiretap claims, the president and his team have shown a tendency to push incendiary language and unfounded claims and then double down on them in the face of opposition, and it’s threatening to trip up their policies. By John Wagner and Matt Zapotosky 1 hour ago 7 things Trump and his advisers have said about the travel ban that wound up hurting them in court Pyongyang warns of war after Tillerson says 20 years of diplomacy with North Korea ‘failed’ Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he was visiting Asia “to exchange views on a new approach.” Soon afterward, in a sign of mounting tensions, the North Korean embassy held an extraordinary news conference in Beijing to blame the potential for nuclear war on the United States. By Anna Fifield and Anne Gearan 10 hours ago Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 100 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Watch: Brazilian robbers pick on the wrong Mormon missionary 2 Trump’s budget calls for seismic disruption in medical and science research 3 7 things Trump and his advisers have said about the travel ban that wound up hurting them in court 4 Okla. state senator caught in motel room with teen boy faces prostitution charges, officials say 5 After Florida prosecutor says she won’t seek death penalty, governor reassigns case of slain police officer Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game national health-science Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 31° F Few Clouds Hi: 40° F Lo: 26° F Forecast Weather Blog 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Pharmacy students present Generation Rx Updated: 15 mins ago DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Pharmacy students at Cedarville University are part of a student-led effort to fight the epidemic of prescription drug… State: 750,000 Ohioans might lose Medicaid under GOP plan 7:35 pm The plan would eliminate federal funding incentives that provided for expansion under the Affordable Care Act. Busy times for UD athletics hosting First Four, sending two teams to NCAA tournaments 7:29 pm Semi overturns in Trotwood, dumps chicken feed 7:15 pm University of Dayton prepares for a big weekend 7:05 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 31° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 26° F Wind: WSW 5 Humidity: 43% Dewpoint: 11° F Sunrise: 7:46 AM Sunset: 7:45 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Mathews helps Zags slowly pull away for 66-46 win over SD St 7:45 pm In a tournament made famous by the notion that anything can happen, one thing still has not: In 129 tries, no 16 seed has ever beaten a 1. Mountaineers power past Bucknell with 86-80 win 7:39 pm Nathan Adrian had 12 points and 10 rebounds, leading West Virginia to an 86-80 win over Bucknell in the first round of the NCAA Tournament. Middle Tennessee takes down Big Ten’s Minnesota 81-72 7:31 pm Robinson gets hot, No. 4 seed Florida beats ETSU 80-65 7:22 pm Butler does it, topping Winthrop 76-64 behind Avery Woodson 7:15 pm Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Oktoberfest calling for artisans to submit applications 1:23 pm Organizers for Dayton’s Oktoberfest are calling on local artisans to submit applications for their work to be featured at this year’s event. “Dogfight: The Musical” 1:22 pm A young soldier learns the power of compassion when he plays a cruel joke on an unsuspecting girl.The hauntingly beautiful musical Dogfight … Archer’s Tavern 1:22 pm Cycling Summit and Century Ride 1:21 pm Sock It to Poverty 5K 1:20 pm More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 31° F Few Clouds Hi: 40° F Lo: 26° F Dead shark found in shopping cart in store parking lot By WDTN Staff Published: March 9, 2017, 3:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy St. Augustine Record) ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. (AP) — Authorities are mystified as to why a 5-foot-long dead shark was left in the parking lot of a northeast Florida Wal-Mart just days before another dead shark was found nearby. The St. Augustine Record reports St. Johns County Sheriff’s deputies were called to the store parking lot last week after the shark was found in a shopping cart. Deputies talked to the owner of an RV parked nearby and learned that the RV owner had woken to find the shark on his vehicle’s hood. The owner said he then put it in the cart. The sheriff’s office says days later they were called to driveway in Vilano Beach and found another dead shark. The deputies called in the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission to dispose of the sharks. Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here. Don’t miss another Facebook post or on Twitter for all the latest breaking news Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Bystander kills diaper thief in Florida Walmart Toddler found in car with dead father outside grocery store Fleeing suspect arrested after shooting clerk at Pratt convenience store Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics ORCL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > 7 Future Blue-Chip Stocks You Need to Buy Here are seven future blue-chip stocks to buy, based on strong earnings, revenue and dividend growth Mar 9, 2017, 3:05 pm EDT  |  By Bret Kenwell, InvestorPlace Contributor     View All   Over the years, I’ve had my share of investing ups and downs. In that time, I’ve come to learn that I’m good at one kind of investing: finding future blue-chip stocks. Source: Shutterstock So what exactly am I looking for in these future blue-chip stocks to buy? I want stocks with a history of strong earnings, revenue and dividend growth. Simply put, I have seen the incredible gains in stocks like Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) and McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) when compounded over 30-plus years. Yes, I realize buying some of the stocks on our list today will not provide the outsize rewards that Walmart and McDonald’s have. But I would rather sacrifice some of that upside in favor of stocks with a proven track record, consistent business and promising future. These blue-chip stocks include some names you probably know, and some you don’t. Most of them already boast strong business growth, but what we want to see from here is a management focus on growing the dividend. Eventually, you can expect these stocks to provide significant income in addition to at least modest growth in the future. I will be the first to admit, these future blue-chip stocks are not cheap, especially after the post-election rally. But premium stocks come with a premium valuation. That’s why you can’t buy blindly. My suggestion? Write each of these stocks down, then wait for the broader market pullback that is more than due after such a rip-roaring run. Then, monitor each one for a 10% to 20% retreat from current prices, and when that happens … buy! 7 Cheap Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Without further ado, here’s a look at seven future blue-chip stocks to buy. Next Page   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/7-future-blue-chip-stocks-to-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks With Yields That Grow Like Weeds 4 High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Pass Up 3 Growth Stocks No Longer Growing GoPro Stock Rebounds, But ... The Tesla Small SUV Has Big Implications 7 IPOs That Were Done the Right Way ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best IPOs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Dow Jones Stocks That Could Break Down Soon 6 Tech Stocks to Buy for the VR Boom 3 Pharmacy Stocks at Risk Due to Skyrocketing Drug Costs Utility Stocks for Retirement Investors: 1 Stock, 1 ETF and 1 Mutual Fund Most Popular 10 Safe Dividend Stocks to Own During the Next Market Crash 7 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are Actually Safe 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore 10 Monthly Dividend Stocks to Buy to Pay the Bills 3 Dow Jones Stocks That Could Break Down Soon 3 Winning Stocks to Buy That Will Humble Wall Street Analysts Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Search Open Menu Gear The Holiday Gift Guide 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide 2016 Summer Buyer's Guide Gear Reviews Cycle Life Design and Tech The Edge Gear of the Day Gear Guy Gear Archive Sponsor ContentThe Waterman Sponsor ContentWatch Me Go Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Modern Nomad The Go List Travel Archive Fitness Get in the Shape of Your Life Fit List In Stride Performance Plate Fitness Archive Adventure Adventure Sports Athletes Survival The Stream Adventure Archive Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Archive Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Science of Survival The Outside Interview Dispatches Gear Guy Are Expensive Insulated Coffee Mugs Worth the Money? We pitted a $30 Stanley against three less-pricey competitors to find out By: Joe Jackson Mar 9, 2017 Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email Will budget-friendly mugs stand up to the victor from our last insulated mug test? Photo: Joe Jackson I love a well-made insulated mug that keeps my coffee hot all day, even on bitter-cold ski days. But I was curious: how would one of the top-end mugs I’ve reviewed in the past stack up against the dozens of others you can find in gas stations and big-box retailers? To find out, I pitted the winner from last year’s insulated coffee mug throwdown—the 2-ounce Stanley Classic One-Hand Vacuum Mug—against three insulated mugs I purchased from Walmart for $10 or less. Here’s how they fared, from worst to best. The Test To measure heat retention, I boiled water to 212 degrees Fahrenheit on my stove and filled each mug to the top. I then quickly tightened the tops and let the mugs sit in my 72-degree kitchen for eight hours. When the time was up, I rechecked the water temperatures. Later, I ran the same test, but let the mugs sit for just two hours. To measure how well they prevented leaks, I closed the lid on each mug and knocked it into my sink five times, watching for spillage. Finally, I drank coffee from each mug and fiddled with them at my desk, taking notes on usability the whole time.   Photo: Joe Jackson #4. Bubba Classic Insulated Tumbler ($8) Capacity: 18 ounces Usability: I liked the handle for everyday use in my office, but the mug won’t fit in most vehicles’ cup holders. Spillage: Five to ten drops of water leaked out after every fall. Keeps Liquids Hot for (Claimed): Did not specify. Temperature Loss After 2 Hours: 77 degrees Temperature Loss After 8 Hours: 119 degrees Bottom Line: This mug came in last because it had poor heat retention and leaked quite a bit. The water was a tepid 79 degrees after eight hours, which makes coffee undrinkable, in my humble opinion. It had the second-worst leakage of the mugs I tested, spilling enough water to ruin a phone in your bag. Buy Now   Photo: Joe Jackson #3. Dash Thermal Tumbler ($5) Capacity: 16 ounces Usability: I liked the hand feel of the soft plastic outer and the ergonomic indented finger grip about two-thirds of the way up. But it also felt cheap, like it would shatter if it fell off the top of my car. Spillage: Three to five drops came out after each fall into the sink. Keeps Liquids Hot for (Claimed): Did not specify. Temperature Loss After 2 Hours: 82 degrees Temperature Loss After 8 Hours: 122 degrees Bottom Line: The least expensive mug on this list was, not surprisingly, the worst in terms of heat retention. After eight hours, the water was down to 76 degrees. It was, however, second best in terms of mitigating spillage. My takeaway: buy this mug only if you drink your coffee fast—say, in the car on the way to work—and are looking for something to replace wasteful single-use cups. Buy Now   Photo: Joe Jackson #2. Mossy Oak Double-Wall Stainless-Steel Mug ($10) Capacity: 20 ounces Usability: The stainless-steel outer had a nice hand feel and would probably put up with some abuse. The design is svelte enough to fit in most cup holders. The lid, however, was hard to operate with one hand. Spillage: Approximately an eighth of the water spilled out each time I dropped the mug in the sink. Keeps Liquids Hot for (Claimed): 4 hours Temperature Loss After 2 Hours: 32 degrees Temperature Loss After 8 Hours: 78 degrees Bottom Line: I was impressed by the heat retention. After two hours, the water was at 166 degrees, which is still acceptable for coffee. However, the lid leaked like a sieve. Buy Now   Photo: Joe Jackson #1. Stanley Classic One-Hand Vacuum Mug ($30) Capacity: 20 ounces Usability: I’m still a big fan of the trigger-like lid opening. Instead of having to pop open a tabbed closure, you just press a button, the closure slides back, and coffee flows out. Spillage: Zero. After dropping it in my sink five times, I shook the mug for 15 seconds while holding it upside down and still couldn’t get a drop to come out. Keeps Liquids Hot for (Claimed): 8 hours Temperature Loss After 2 Hours: 20 degrees Temperature Loss After 8 Hours: 58 degrees Bottom Line: This mug costs three times more than the others I tested, but I think it’s well worth it if you like to sip your coffee over an extended period of time. The heat retention was significantly better than any other mug I tested, and I appreciate the lack of spillage. I’d gladly stick this mug in my backpack and not worry about it ruining my MacBook Pro. It’s also durable and should last for several seasons. I didn’t get that confidence from the other three models I tested. Buy Now Filed To: Food and Drink, Gear Guy, Gear Review Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email Subscribe to Outside Save 66% and get All-Access: Print + iPad State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Load More Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Newsletters RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC. Obsessed with Gear? Open newsletter. Drool. Repeat. Thank you! Submit
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Leading printing executives into the future Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Webinars White Papers Report Store Jobs News Commentary & Analysis Data Analysis Video Center Podcasts Merger & Acquisitions Featured:     Hunkeler Innovationdays     Industrial Print Analysis     European Coverage     Production Inkjet Analysis PPC Reveals Spring Meeting Speaker Lineup Thursday, March 09, 2017 Press release from the issuing company SPRINGFIELD, Mass. - The Paperboard Packaging Council recently announced the speaker lineup for its 2017 Spring Outlook and Strategies Conference, March 29-31 in Charlotte, N.C. The program will include: Ron Sasine, principal of Hudson Windsor and former packaging executive with Walmart and MeadWestvaco (now WestRock), will discuss how folding carton converters can build from their strengths and assert their important role in the fiber cycle and the consumer goods value chain.   Shawn Rhodes, president of Shoshin Consulting and former Marine Corps war correspondent, will harness what he's learned from high-performing teams in some of the most challenging environments in order to show attendees how they can leverage change without sacrificing results.   Alan Beaulieu, noted economist and president of ITR Economics, will discuss how recent volatility in the U.S. and global economy could impact attendees' businesses, both positively and negatively. Among other topics, he will discuss the new administration in Washington, the economic health of the U.S. consumer, job growth and wages, interest rates, and current economic megatrends.   Carolyn Lee, senior director of tax policy at the National Association of Manufacturers, will provide an overview of regulatory, legislative, and tax issues impacting manufacturers under the new administration and congress.   Matt Sharp, chief digital officer of Advance 360, will discuss proven methods for using digital marketing to find targets and increase return on marketing investments. Joan Sahlgren, director of public relations at the Paper and Packaging Board, will give a progress report on the national Paper & Packaging – How Life Unfolds ™ campaign, including the latest research and marketing results.   Paul Schutes, executive director of the Recycled Paperboard Alliance/Recycled Paperboard Technical Association, will update attendees on the recent official affiliation between the two organizations. He’ll also highlight current projects such as the development of a “compostability” certification for paperboard as well as a new “repulpability/recyclability” standard.   James Gordon, president of PPC member Winston Packaging, will share the history of Winston Packaging. The story begins in 1911 with AG Gordon, a traveling bookbinder who opened a small print shop in what is now Winston-Salem, NC. Four generations later, Winston Packaging is a thriving folding carton converter, serving the eastern U.S. in the food, health/beauty, photo finishing, and tobacco segments. “Attendees come from far and wide to learn the latest industry trends and best practices at PPC’s biannual conferences,” said Ben Markens, PPC president. “I am very pleased with the breadth and quality of the material we’ll be presenting this spring in Charlotte.”   Spring Meeting will also include several special interest breakout sessions, a best practices workshop around employee personality assessments, the announcement of the top achievers in PPC’s plant safety data program, as well as a reception at the NASCAR Hall of Fame.   For more information about Spring Meeting, visit paperbox.org/spring.      Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News WhatTheyThink Launches “Conversations on Print,” a Podcast With Jennifer Matt New Fiery Digital Front End for Newest Kyocera TASKalfa MFPs Streamlines Digital Color Print Workflows  Manroland Announces China Expo Events Madison Advisors Publishes 2017 Market Pricing Research Study for Service Providers Koenig & Bauer builds new demo centre in Würzburg MediaStandard Print 2016 now online Nazdar Ink Technologies to reveal latest ink innovations at FESPA 2017 All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Video The Software Technology Stack of Your Print Business Bringing Finishing into the Fold at Canon Solutions America Grant Miller Shares Insight on Pitney Bowes Innovation for the Mailing Industry Production Inkjet: How Do We Work The Economics? Frank Visits Delphax The Two Parallel Workflows of Your Print Business More Video » WhatTheyThink Job Board MIS Software Sales at Tharstern, Inc in Chicago / New York Project Manager of Consulting & Programming at IDEALLIANCE in Alexandria, VA Assistant Professor at School of Graphic Communications Management - Ryerson University in Toronto, ON (125 Bond Street) Regional Sales Manager at Nova Pressroom Products, LLC in Chicago Midwest US Franchise Business Consultant at FASTSIGNS International in Atlanta or New Orleans View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More » Recent Webinars March Economic Webinar: Publishing and Ad Agency Markets, Capital investment in the Printing Industry February Economic Webinar: Printing Shipments, Employment, and Marketing Trends The Uber-ization of Web-to-Print January Economic Update: The 2017 Economy, Print and the Emerging Third Media Wave More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
Strategy BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All Continue to Business Insider » You will be redirected in seconds. × From To You have successfully emailed the post. 14 changes to make in your 30s that will set you up for lifelong success Shana Lebowitz Mar. 9, 2017, 2:30 PM 1,139,862 facebook linkedin twitter email print Small tweaks pave the way for big achievements.Luke MacGregor/Reuters Sam Walton founded Walmart at age 44; Julia Child published her first cookbook at 60. Your best years may be way ahead of you. It'll depend a little on luck and a lot on how you behave in the next decade or so — i.e. not procrastinating, overspending, and wallowing in self-pity. Over on Quora, hundreds of people have shared the best ways to spend your 30s in order to lay the foundation for success and fulfillment later on. We sifted through those threads and rounded up 14 compelling responses. Read on for the small lifestyle tweaks that will pave the way for big life achievements. View As: One Page Slides 1. Stop smoking REUTERS/ Daniel Munoz If you've started smoking, stop immediately, suggests Quora user Cyndi Perlman Fink. While you can't undo the damage you may have already incurred from smoking, research suggests that those who quit before age 40 have a 90% lower mortality risk than those who continue. 2. Start going to sleep and waking up at the same time every day Flickr / Liz Lister It might be tempting to use the weekends to recoup your sleep debt, but Nan Waldman recommends you hit the hay and wake up around the same time every single day. If you oversleep for even a few days, experts say you risk resetting your body clock to a different cycle, so you'll start getting tired later in the day. Avoid a lifetime of sleep issues by sticking to bedtime and wake-up routines whenever you can. 3. Start exercising regularly Flickr / Simon Thalmann "Try to move yourself as much as possible," says Alistair Longman. "It doesn't matter if it's walking, cycling, running, weightlifting, hiking, swimming — as long as it involves some movement." In your 30s, you start losing muscle mass, so it's especially important to exercise at this time. But remember to choose physical activities you really love, since you're less likely to continue exercising if you dislike your workouts. 4. Start keeping a journal Ivan Gushchin/Strelka Institute/Flickr "Journal your life! ... Your written records will entertain and endear in your future," writes Mark Crawley. Even if you'd prefer to keep your musings to yourself, putting your thoughts and feelings on paper can help you deal with stressful events. 5. Start saving money Bradipo/Flickr "Building the habit of saving early means you'll continue it further down the line," says Cliff Gilley. It might seem like your golden years are a lifetime away, but the earlier you start saving, the more time your money has to accrue interest. 6. Start pursuing a life dream Flickr / Kevin Dooley "Don't delay pursuing your life goals," writes Bill Karwin. "Want to buy a house? Have kids? Write a book? ... Pick one of those life goals and get started. What can you do between now and the end of the year to embark on one of them?" 7. Start learning to be happy with what you have Brendon Thorne/Stringer/Getty Images "If you are content with what you have, you will have a happier life," says Robert Walker. That's especially true in the relationships domain. "The Gratitude Diaries" author Janice Kaplan found that simply saying "thank you" to her husband breathed new life into their marriage. And psychologists have found that couples who express gratitude toward each other are more likely to stay together. 8. Stop thinking you need to satisfy everyone Flickr/Maryam el7aRes "After I reached 30, I stopped feeling the need to please everyone. You can choose your friends and contacts more carefully," says Kevin Teo. In particular, Teo realized he wasn't obligated to be nice to people who were unfriendly toward him. Whether you decide to whittle down your Facebook friends to a mere 500 or simply hang out more with the people who make you happy, it's important to invest your time and energy wisely. 9. Stop comparing yourself to others Getty Images "If you are unable to do some things in life compared to your siblings and friends, then please be at peace with yourself," advises Mahesh Kaytian. "Don't be harsh on yourself." Science suggests that comparing yourself to other people — which isn't so hard to do when your Facebook feed is filled with photos of vacations and engagements — can be unproductive. That's largely because people can seem a lot happier and less troubled than they really are.  10. Start forgiving yourself for your mistakes Flickr/Patty "Forgive yourself your mistakes. We all make plenty of them. Don't dwell on the errors of the past — learn from them, let them go, and move ahead," writes Liz Palmer in a since-deleted answer. In "The Happiness Track," Emma Seppala, science director of Stanford's Center for Compassion and Altruism Research and Education, argues that self-compassion is a key component of success. If you're kind to yourself when you fail, you have a chance at learning from your mistakes and doing better next time. She recommends a simple strategy for exercising self-compassion: Treat yourself as you would treat a colleague or friend who has failed. 11. Start defining your values Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design/Flickr Don't let other people define happiness and success for you. Anna Lundberg writes: "The number one priority at this stage is getting clarity on what your priorities actually are! "A great way to do this is to define your personal values, getting to a list of your top three is ideal. Then ask yourself if these values are really reflected in your career and your lifestyle today. If not, you can go about setting goals that are aligned with those values, and then creating an action plan to achieve those goals." You can also take a tip from Stephen Covey, author of the bestseller "The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People," and craft a personal mission statement. It's similar to a company mission statement, except it's just for you. Covey wrote: "It focuses on what you want to be (character) and to do (contributions and achievements) and on the values or principles upon which being and doing are based." 12. Start reading for an hour a day Luke MacGregor/Reuters Portia Douglass recommends reading for an hour every day. At the end of the year, you'll have spent a total of 15 days with your nose in a book. If you're looking for some business-related suggestions, we just happen to have 20. 13. Start decluttering Markus Spiske/flickr "Living a minimalist life makes everything better," writes Cindy Ah Kioon. "There is more space in your house and this makes it look more visually pleasing ... Cleaning is faster and easier." If you're looking to start de-cluttering, there's a whole movement to support you, inspired by Marie Kondo's "The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up." The process starts with a tidying "marathon," in which you keep only those items that "spark joy" — and get rid of everything else. As Business Insider's Erin Brodwin has reported, clutter can be a source of stress for some individuals and families. Then again, people tend to be more creative in messy environments — so if you aren't feeling motivated to re-organize your entire office space, that's probably okay, too. 14. Stop judging other people Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design/flickr There's another Quora thread where people share the "really small things that tell a lot about a person's psychology and personality." Behaviors subject to scrutiny include how you treat waitstaff and where you look when you drink out of a cup. Yikes. But Becki Young advises us to "stop criticizing and judging people." You probably wouldn't feel so great if you were under someone else's microscope. She writes: "Each of us has our own flaws. Be kind and humble." SEE ALSO: 11 things everyone should start doing in their 30s More: Features 30s Quora Success Habits facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 14 changes to make in your 30s that will set you up for lifelong success 14 changes to make in your 30s that will set you up for lifelong success Sam Walton founded Walmart at age 44;... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Strategy Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Living Thursday, March 16, 2017    Last update: 8:11 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Schoodic Arts for All Museum Trip: Bowdoin College Museum of Art Print Email Share Tweet By Lisa Salsbury Posted March 09, 2017, at 2:20 p.m. Thursday, March 16, 2017 7:45 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Location: Schoodic Arts For All, 427 Main Street; PO Box 174, Winter Harbor, Maine For more information: 207-963-2569; schoodicartsforall.org/event/museum-trip-to-bowdoin-college-museum-of-art/ Itinerary: 7:45am – Gather at Darling’s Auto Mall in Ellsworth 8:00am – Depart Darling’s Auto Mall in Ellsworth 16 King’s Crossing (up the hill from Walmart, by the old Lowe’s building) 8:45am Rest Stop: Dysart’s Hampden 11:00am Arrive at Bowdoin College Museum of Art: • Modern Medieval: Materiality and Spirituality in German Expressionism • AEGYPTUS Egypt in the Greco-Roman World • Sosaku-hanga: Twentieth-Century Japanese Creative Prints • Perspectives from Postwar Hiroshime: Chuzo Tamotzu, Children’s Drawings, and the Art of Resolution • The Temptation of Saint Anthony • Art & Resolution, 1900 to Today 11:00am – 12:00pm Docent Tour: We will have a general tour of the exhibits. 12:30pm -2:00pm Lunch: Bombay Mahal http://www.bombaymahalbrunswick.com/ 2:30 Meet at vans 2:35 Leave Brunswick 3:15 Rest Stop Gardiner Center for Maine Craft 5:30 Arrive in Ellsworth Darling’s Auto Mall in Ellsworth This post was contributed by a community member. Submit your news → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion A missing comma keeps Oakhurst Dairy labor lawsuit alive Out-of-staters owe Maine almost $17 million in taxes Plow drivers stranded on I-295 escape unharmed — ‘except their pride’ What snowplow drivers really think of people who drive in a storm Caribou man charged with threatening business owner Downsizing Maine’s bottle redemption program would be a recycling disaster This is no time to sow doubt about climate change I should not lose health insurance so the wealthy can get a tax cut Friday, March 17, 2017: A solution for daylight saving time, Real ID trouble, Trump stocks the swamp Thursday, March 16, 2017: Border wall a costly investment, time to consider the 25th Amendment, tax carbon emissions UMaine nursing major claims third straight national wrestling title The Bruins little ball of hate becomes a star Linebacker Hightower returns to Patriots on $43.5M deal UMaine wrestling club team captures national championship Positive mindset, determination fuel Washburn star’s track success STATE & CAPITOL Data undercut LePage claim that many dump private insurance for Medicaid STATE & CAPITOL LePage says he didn’t sign emergency budget bill because of provision he proposed STATE & CAPITOL LePage didn’t sign his own supplemental budget bill MAINE AT WAR You’ve got the wrong guy in that coffin! THE DRIVE The Bruins little ball of hate becomes a star Public libraries in Maine adding seeds to their stacks Bangor farm share fair could determine what you eat this season Is maple sap a sweet Maine deal whose time has come? You’ve got the wrong guy in that coffin! Portland’s Eventide Oyster, Allagash Brewery receive James Beard nominations Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs #Maine Here are the Mainers who will suffer from Trump's Meals on Wheels cut Here are the Mainers who will suffer from Trump's Meals on Wheels cut Maine Morsels Print and wear green for St. Patrick’s Day Print and wear green for St. Patrick’s Day Culture Shock 5 Things To Do This Weekend, March 17-19: The wearing of the green 5 Things To Do This Weekend, March 17-19: The wearing of the green Urban Eye Inside the new Holy Donut in Scarborough Inside the new Holy Donut in Scarborough Resourcefully Yours Winning at Life Winning at Life Steed Snow Day State of Mind [Things to Do] Snow Day State of Mind [Things to Do] Top Stories 1 hour ago Maine nears deal on REAL ID rules Bangor farm share fair could determine what you eat this season Critics warn Bath Iron Works river dredging could threaten wildlife Trump’s outline for NOAA budget could eliminate essential Maine program Kids who commit crimes in Maine still pay long after they turn 18 Similar Articles 7.16.2015 Former UMaine goalie overcomes anxiety, alcohol abuse to hoist Stanley Cup 1.12.2016 New venture aims to fill customer-service void in health care 4.27.2009 April 25-26 Scores 8.17.2014 "I'm King of the Mall" or: Confessions of a Teenage Mall Rat 10.19.2009 Oct. 17-18 Scores and Highlights More in Living   Print and wear green for St. Patrick’s Day   Proof that dogs are the world’s greatest con artists   BrainyArt… Trivia Night at UMaine Museum of Art 1 hour ago  Forget coconut water, maple sap water is the latest craze   Bill Walsh, copy editor and witty authority on language, dies at 55 Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out North LIVE Yellowknife More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada North 'Hay River's Walmart': Lessons to learn from a thriving thrift store in the North Limited shopping options drives popularity of N.W.T. town's thrift shop, says Rev. Francis Delaplain By Priscilla Hwang, CBC News Posted: Mar 09, 2017 12:58 PM CT Last Updated: Mar 09, 2017 12:58 PM CT Inside of Hay River's only second-hand store. If it were to close down? 'It would definitely be missed,' says Rev. Francis Delaplain. (Submitted by Francis Delaplain) Related Stories Salvation Army closing its Whitehorse thrift store Not wanted: Torn clothes, broken furniture adding to 'overwhelming' piles at Whitehorse free store Whitehorse scraps landfill 'reuse store' A first-rate guy selling second-hand goods: Dan Hayward employs 'the people nobody will hire' Youth entrepreneur in Nunavut shares her story of founding thrift shop business While some thrift stores in the North are closing down, others are thriving. Georgina's Place — a thrift store in Hay River, N.W.T. — is so busy, its parking lot is jam-packed when it's open. Georgina's Place thrift store is run by the Anglican church in Hay River, N.W.T. It's been successfully running since the 1960s, according to Delaplain. (Submitted by Francis Delaplain) "It's very busy. People jokingly refer to it as Hay River's Walmart," said Rev. Francis Delaplain of St. Andrew's Anglican Church. The community's only thrift store is run by the church, and is now located on the church's property. It opened in the early 1960s with the goal of supporting the parish, and has been running successfully since, according to Delaplain. The story's different for the Salvation Army thrift store in Whitehorse, which announced this month that it will permanently close in April because it was too expensive to operate. This comes after the closure of Whitehorse's "re-use store" last year, which closed for the same reason. 'Everyone in town seems to know the hours, and everyone comes by when it's open,' says Delaplain. (Submitted by Francis Delaplain) "A lot of stuff's being reused in the community," said Delaplain. "In Hay River, we have kind of limited options as far as what's available in terms of shopping, so it does provide a resource to the community." If it were to close down? "Yeah it would definitely be missed," he said. Salvation Army closing its Whitehorse thrift store Thrifty business model Georgina's Place is a "little, community-run thrift store," says Delaplain. The store is open four days a week for only a few hours at a time. Proceeds from the thrift shop goes to the parish, but also to supporting local schools and organizations, says Delaplain. (Submitted by Francis Delaplain) "Everyone in town seems to know the hours, and everyone comes by when it's open." It is run by volunteers who open and close the store. Delaplain said that only one individual who manages the store is paid. Everyone else is a volunteer; if they were to pay employees, the store wouldn't be able to operate. "That's the only way it survives, is through volunteer hours." Rev. Francis Delaplain, left, and his wife Kassandra Spencer, right, at St. Andrew's church in Hay River, N.W.T. (Submitted by Francis Delaplain) The community is generous with its donations, says Delaplain. But as with any donations, there may be unwanted items. "But again, our volunteers do a great job. They just sort through it all. We have a big dumpster and we dispose of what we need to," he said. Not wanted: Torn clothes, broken furniture adding to 'overwhelming' piles at Whitehorse free store And the proceeds from the store supports the parish, but it's also used to contribute to local schools and various organizations that apply for funding to St. Andrew's — something that the church wouldn't be able to do without the successful thrift store, says Delaplain. "So we also benefit and the community also benefits from the thrift store," he said. Georgina's Place thrift shop was recently renamed after Rev. Georgina Bassett who was considered one of its "best volunteers." She died in 2012 after battling breast cancer. Pond Inlet youth entrepreneur founds thrift shop business A first-rate guy selling second-hand goods: Dan Hayward employs 'the people nobody will hire' With files from Sandi Coleman Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Baker Lake Cambridge Bay Cape Dorset Chesterfield Coral Harbour Dempster (Highway) Gjoa Haven Hall Beach Igloolik Kugaaruk Rankin Inlet Naujaat Rock River Whale Cove Whitehorse Partly Cloudy -10°C Yellowknife Mainly Sunny -17°C Inuvik Mainly Sunny -22°C Iqaluit Clear -21°C Kuujjuaq Mainly Clear -21°C More Weather Editor's Picks 'Ride of a lifetime': Mitch Seavey becomes oldest Iditarod champ at 57 Nunavut's Senator will not step down after promising to support 8-year term limits Latest North News Headlines Tr'ondëk Hwëch'in court settlement 'augurs well' for relations with Yukon, says lawyer Yukon musher Michelle Phillips has best ever Iditarod showing read comments Funding needed to avert 'death blow' to Inuit language in Nunavut, academics say Court suspends plans for housing development at Takhini Hot Springs read comments Ex-priest Eric Dejaeger granted court-appointed lawyer for sex abuse appeal Must Watch Driving with wolves on an N.W.T highway 0:24 Rhonda Miller came upon these black wolves on her drive to work Highway 3 outside Yellowknife. Trina Qaqqaq speaks in Parliament on International Women's Day 2:41 Drive the unofficial ice bridge between West Dawson and Dawson City 1:25 Take a ride with the CBC on the ice road over the Yukon River from West Dawson to Dawson City. Inside the HMS Erebus 1:11 Parks Canada underwater archeologists explore the wreck off the coast of Nunavut Top News Headlines Europe's mainstream sighs in relief over Dutch election: Margaret Evans Alberta's debt soars to $45B, but budget has no big cuts, no new taxes Critics question effectiveness of probe into banks' sales practices Senator Lynn Beyak stands by residential school remarks, cites 'fake news' Tow-truck driver warned 2 men to seek refuge hours before they died in blizzard Most Viewed 'I thought it was a bear': N.W.T. woman captures ride alongside 2 black wolves How one Yukon fossil helped solve an ancient mystery 'I just don't know': Former Whitehorse city manager baffled by firing 'I'm not a bad person:' Recognizing impacts of childhood trauma in the justice system Alaska sled dogs team up, pull tourists' stuck SUV from snow Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Police: Man made drugs inside illegal dentist office in San Former SF attorney sentenced in sensational Vallejo kidnapping With health bill short of votes, GOP leaders look to Trump Prosecutors: Hayward man prank-called hundreds of police stations News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA New Mexico students rally at Capitol for education funding Dozen die in new round of flooding in Peru 10 Things to Know for Friday Fast-acting paramedic rescues baby from submerged SUV Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Names & Faces: Manny Ramirez, Carli Lloyd 49ers kicker Robbie Gould has weathered storms throughout career Chris Jones, 49ers defensive tackle, returns on 1-year deal Giants’ Christian Arroyo: next piece of homegrown infield? Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Mobile payment service Square says outages resolved Universities dive into VR research Yahoo hacking case won’t mend divide between tech, government Business News Roundup, March 16 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do MØ, Tei Shi offer evening of forward-thinking pop The latest from Dear Abby Cable Car documentary at Balboa Theatre Roxie celebrates Spike Lee’s 60th birthday Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog 7 of the Brewers Association's top 50 U.S. craft breweries are in Frances remains strong under a new chef Finding the best pizza delivery in San Francisco, March How to celebrate (and avoid) St. Patrick's Day in San Francisco Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Growing algae bloom in Arabian Sea tied to climate change Getaway: Floor-to-ceiling luxury awaits in 36th floor penthouse Luxury NoPa penthouse boasts expansive terrace Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Bishop Museum showcases meaning behind ancient Hawaiian patterns Hawaii: The next craft beer paradise? Sommelier’s choice for Hawaiian food? Craft beer Chef Roy Yamaguchi digs into island roots Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Natural light infuses modern masterpiece in Upper Rockridge Two-car parking, original 1920s details all for $688K in Reimagined Queen Anne Victorian overlooks Alamo Square Built-in trampoline in the backyard of this custom $4.3-million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history The best cars of 2017, according to Consumer Reports Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Acrobat-Santa-Musician-Fun-facts-about-Utah-10989442.php Acrobat, Santa, musician: Fun facts about Utah lawmakers Hallie Golden and Michelle L. Price, Associated Press Updated 8:19 pm, Thursday, March 9, 2017 Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. less This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 2 of 4 This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, displays a photo of himself at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. less This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, displays a photo of himself at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 3 of 4 This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. less This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 4 of 4 This Tuesday, March 7, 2017, photo, Rep. Lee Perry, R-Perry, speaks on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Perry plays Santa Claus at the Wal-Mart in Perry every year. less This Tuesday, March 7, 2017, photo, Rep. Lee Perry, R-Perry, speaks on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Acrobat, Santa, musician: Fun facts about Utah lawmakers 1 / 4 Back to Gallery SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — As Utah's legislative session wraps up, the political views of each lawmaker have become clear. But what about their lives outside the Capitol? Here are some interesting details about some of them: ___ CIRCUS PERFORMER Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in a circus. For about seven years, he and fellow performers traveled with Indiana's Peru Amateur Circus. More than three decades later, Ray says he still likes to swing on a trapeze every now and again. ___ SANTA CLAUS Anyone who visits the Wal-Mart in Perry around Christmas time might spot Republican Rep. Lee Perry. Look for someone with a long white beard and bright red coat, because the lawmaker has been dressing up as Santa Claus to hand out presents to children for more than a decade. ___ WHEAT GRINDER For at least four decades, Sen. Margaret Dayton, R-Orem, has spent time grinding her own wheat. The lawmaker says she loves the way fresh bread tastes, so she will pick up wheat from Lehi Roller Mills, grind it up in her personal grinder and bake about four loaves of bread a week. ___ TORTILLA FRISBEE Republican Sen. Todd Weiler of Woods Cross was a freshman at Brigham Young University when he was kicked out of a school football game for throwing tortillas. It was the big game between BYU and the University of Utah in 1985, and Weiler says he thought it would be fun to throw the tortillas around like Frisbees to try to get them on the football field. The security guards did not agree. ___ ROCK MUSICIAN Anyone who went to Utah State University in 1999 may remember Rep. Jeremy Peterson, R-Ogden, and his band "The Attack Bobs" performing around campus. The band broke up when they graduated, but Peterson says he still writes his own acoustic rock music and plays guitar with some fellow lawmakers at the end of each legislative session. ___ DISNEYLAND CONDUCTOR Republican Sen. Lyle Hillyard had just graduated from high school in 1958 when he headed to California to work at Disneyland. The Logan lawmaker started out as a ticket-taker and by his second summer there, he became a conductor of the train that runs around the park. ___ WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE Rep. Dan McCay, R-Riverton, also worked at the California theme park in his late teens. For two years in the early 1990s, McCay was an operator on the Jungle Cruise ride, working as a joke-telling skipper on a tropical river boat and occasionally shooting at an animatronic hippo with a fake revolver. McCay says he loved working at Disneyland because he worked with great people, including cute girls. ___ TROMBONE PERFORMER Democratic Rep. Elizabeth Weight, of West Valley City, spent her first few years in Salt Lake City playing trombone with fellow musicians every Sunday evening during the summer in Liberty Park. The group has long been disbanded but four decades later she still plays trombone on her own and hopes to bring her music to Utah's Capitol sometime soon. ___ DISC JOCKEY For three decades, Sen. Gene Davis's voice has been heard at the Capitol. Before that, the Salt Lake City Democrat could be heard on the airwaves: Davis was a rock 'n' roll disc jockey, working more than two decades at Salt Lake City radio stations, starting in the mid-1950s. The senator's memories from his DJ career include meeting Pete Townshend and Keith Moon of The Who and taking song requests from drivers cruising Salt Lake City's main drag, State Street, something Davis said could have been straight out of the 1973 film "American Graffiti." Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. President Trump Trump: 'I know' my supporters will lose under GOP health plan Trump issues disaster declaration for California People furious Trump budget cuts funding to Meals on Wheels PBS fires back at being eliminated in Trump’s budget Who needs a wall? Trump says border is strong LATEST NEWS BART delayed in East Bay by light fixture problem Prosecutors: Man prank-called hundreds of police stations Subway for $210M over news report about its chicken Marin film institute youth director busted in child porn case Judge OKs $27M settlement in suit against Lyft NorCal craft breweries among top 50 in US Former SF attorney sentenced in Vallejo kidnapping Achoo! Nasty allergy season headed for Bay Area #BoycottHawaii spawns hilarious Twitter reaction 58 tech companies sign brief against Trump’s latest ban 2 federal judges find new Trump travel ban discriminatory California joins court challenge to Trump’s latest travel ban What is wrong with this classic Grateful Dead photo? Grateful Dead 'drug bust' at 50: Nothing to do but smile 500K sign to strip Congress members’ health care Garrison Keillor: American health care survival of fittest SFO's $1.5 billion redesign gets off the ground in hangar Cathay Pacific adds third daily SFO-Hong Kong flight TODAY'S TOP PICKS Our search for the best pizza delivery in SF See what SF life was like in the 1950s with these archive finds The strange and fascinating stories behind Bay Area city names Most Popular 1 PBS Fires Back at Trump’s Budget Elimination: Costs Small,... 2 People are furious that Trump's new budget cuts funding to... 3 Police: 3-year-old girl lived alone with dead mom for days 4 #BoycottHawaii spawns hilarious Twitter reaction 5 Trump Today: President issues disaster declaration for California 6 Three earthquakes strike same California spot just hours apart 7 #BoycottHawaii Movement Sparks Hilarious Reaction on Twitter 8 16-year-old girl killed by Fremont police in Hayward was pregnant 9 Petition to remove Congress members' health care subsidies... 10 McDonald's tweets to Trump: 'You are actually a disgusting... LATEST NEWS BART delayed in East Bay by light fixture problem Prosecutors: Man prank-called hundreds of police stations Subway for $210M over news report about its chicken Marin film institute youth director busted in child porn case Judge OKs $27M settlement in suit against Lyft NorCal craft breweries among top 50 in US Former SF attorney sentenced in Vallejo kidnapping Achoo! Nasty allergy season headed for Bay Area THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 48° 48° Low 25° High 53° Fri 38° 63° Sat 52° 67° Sun 37° 65° See complete forecast #ICYMI: Close call with cruise ship, Trump surprises an Alabama boy, plus “All Pink” Starburst are REAL Posted 11:02 am, March 9, 2017, by Michelle Stark, Updated at 09:18PM, March 11, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video Here are some of the hottest viral stories of the week, in case you missed it! Trump's White House Surprise A White House tour group got a huge surprise Tuesday morning as President Donald Trump himself made an appearance. The tour group, including many young children, cheered and screamed as the President popped out from behind a room divider. Trump called fifth-grader Jack Cornish of Birmingham, Alabama, toward him, gave him a hug, and posed together for a photo. Cornish, 10, appeared to flash an "OK" sign as Trump gripped his shoulders. Click here to see the big moment. When to Cut 'Em? Got wild onions? We've got answers. One of the most popular stories at WHNT.com this week was a simple question: When should you cut wild onions? Wild onions (Photo: Walterreeves.com) We checked the Old Farmer’s Almanac. Well, actually, we called Robert Reeves, who retired a few months ago. He knew we’d be calling though and actually had these ready for us. Robert said these 2017 dates are best, according to the Almanac: March 27-28 April 19-20 and 24-25 May 21 Have the Almanac dates worked for you in years past? We’d love to hear from you. It's True! "All Pink" is Coming The fans spoke and Starburst listened. In April, the candy company will release packs of "All Pink" Starbursts. The fan-favorite flavor packages are limited edition. IT’S TRUE! All pink packs are real, and they’re fabulous. #iampinkstarburst pic.twitter.com/JypKvcXSGb — Starburst (@Starburst) March 7, 2017 The candy will be available at Walmart, Target, Kroger, Walgreens, Meijer and Amazon. Too Close for Comfort Fort Lauderdale, Florida homeowners Yasmine and Bill Todhunter are used to the view of cruise ships coming and going through Port Everglades. They never expected what happened earlier this month though. Yasmine Todhunter said she grabbed her cellphone and started recording, after the couple were startled to see the 122,000-ton Celebrity Equinox cruise ship... headed straight for their back patio. "Too close, too close. Get out, I said get out!" she yells in a video as Bill waves his arms over his head. Click here to watch the moment caught on camera. A Blind Dog, Rescued A blind dog was reunited with its family after more than a week lost in Northern California's San Lorenzo Valley. After Sage first disappeared, owner Beth Cole was devastated. She figured a 12-year-old blind dog just didn't stand a chance. After a push on social media to find the animal, the family was losing hope. Then a neighbor spotted something while hiking... “At first I thought it was a garbage bag in the water,” Dan Estrada told a local paper. “My vision is not very good so it wasn’t until I got closer that I saw it’s actually a white lab laying there lifeless in this stream – her chin just above water level.” Estrada said he believed the dog was dead and was already thinking about how he would deliver the painful news to the Coles, when Sage lifted her head. Click here to see how Cole reacted to the news her beloved dog, was alive. Filed in: Digital Life, ICYMI Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular TBI: Teacher used role to lure Elizabeth Thomas TBI: Some AMBER Alert tips received, none found credible yet Man killed daughters before telling wife to ‘live and suffer’ Jim ‘N Nick’s announces new location in Huntsville Latest News Driver arrested after 4 Chinese immigrants found crammed in trunk Huntsville Public Transit may expand in the future Alabama officials concerned about spread of avian flu virus Warmer air moves in quickly, but are we finished with frosty weather? News President Trump surprises tour group, gives 10-year-old boy from Alabama a big hug Digital Life ICYMI #ICYMI: Trump moves in as Obama moves out, plus cat videos to make your heart squeal Politics These Republicans didn’t like Trump at first. They do now. Taking Action Ballot Watch: November election data shows many surprises for north Alabama News Large crowds attend Inaugural Parade in Washington, D.C. News Trump Inauguration: Extensive coverage planned for Friday’s historic event in Washington, D.C. News Politics North Alabama counties head in different directions for 2016 election, analysis shows Huntsville Will Trump administration be better for the future of NASA in Alabama? Digital Life ICYMI #ICYMI: The story behind that Bama ticket surprise and a mom’s sacrifice to save her family News Attorney General Jeff Sessions recuses himself from investigation into Russian interference in election Digital Life ICYMI #ICYMI: Huntsville City schools discipline numbers and a grocery checkout attack News Local Republicans plan trip for Donald Trump’s Inauguration Politics The Latest: Trump signs 2 executive orders to boost border security, crack down on illegal immigrants Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
null
Dead shark found in shopping cart in store parking lot - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers House Bill 2 Campaign 2016 NC News SC News Police Shooting WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets Take 3 College Hoops Auto Racing NBA College Football NFL MLB NHL Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs WBTV Press Releases TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace Dead shark found in shopping cart in store parking lot ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. (AP) - Authorities are mystified as to why a 5-foot-long dead shark was left in the parking lot of a northeast Florida Wal-Mart just days before another dead shark was found nearby. The St. Augustine Record reports (http://bit.ly/2niO3FC ) St. Johns County Sheriff's deputies were called to the store parking lot last week after the shark was found in a shopping cart. Deputies talked to the owner of an RV parked nearby and learned that the RV owner had woken to find the shark on his vehicle's hood. The owner said he then put it in the cart. The sheriff's office says days later they were called to driveway in Vilano Beach and found another dead shark. The deputies called in the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission to dispose of the sharks. ___ Information from: The St. Augustine (Fla.) Record, http://www.staugustine.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Conservative judge slams 'personal attacks' on judiciary Conservative judge slams 'personal attacks' on judiciary A conservative federal appellate court judge who authored the so-called torture memos under the Bush administration is criticizing President Donald Trump's attacks on the judiciary.More >> A conservative federal appellate court judge who authored the so-called torture memos under the Bush administration is criticizing President Donald Trump's attacks on the judiciary.More >> Fast-acting paramedic rescues baby from submerged SUV Fast-acting paramedic rescues baby from submerged SUV Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 9:04 PM EDT2017-03-17 01:04:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 9:04 PM EDT2017-03-17 01:04:20 GMT Two people are dead in what a coroner calls connected cases involving a fatal house fire near St. Louis, followed shortly by a baby found alive in a lake.More >> Two people are dead in what a coroner calls connected cases involving a fatal house fire near St. Louis, followed shortly by a baby found alive in a lake.More >> 2 indicted, accused of cyberbullying 18-year-old to suicide 2 indicted, accused of cyberbullying 18-year-old to suicide Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:35 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:35:57 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:35 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:35:57 GMT A Texas man and his girlfriend have been indicted on charges arising from the cyberbullying of the man's ex-girlfriend until her suicide.More >> A Texas man and his girlfriend have been indicted on charges arising from the cyberbullying of the man's ex-girlfriend until her suicide.More >> APNewsBreak: Rare Hawaiian seal drowns at NOAA-funded site APNewsBreak: Rare Hawaiian seal drowns at NOAA-funded site An endangered Hawaiian monk seal has died after wandering into a net pen at a fish farm that was partially funded by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Hawaii.More >> An endangered Hawaiian monk seal has died after wandering into a net pen at a fish farm that was partially funded by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Hawaii.More >> Michigan governor will drop lead limit below federal cap Michigan governor will drop lead limit below federal cap Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder said Thursday his administration will enact the country's toughest lead limit for water in the wake of the lead contamination in Flint, following up on a proposal he first unveiled nearly...More >> Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder said Thursday his administration will enact the country's toughest lead limit for water in the wake of the lead contamination in Flint, following up on a proposal he first unveiled nearly a year ago.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump's budget boosts military but cuts GOP, Dem favorites Trump's budget boosts military but cuts GOP, Dem favorites President Donald Trump's new $1.15 trillion budget would reshape America's government with broad, conservative strokes, ordering generous increases for the military, slashing domestic programs and riling both fellow Republicans and Democrats More >> President Donald Trump's new $1.15 trillion budget would reshape America's government with broad, conservative strokes, ordering generous increases for the military, slashing domestic programs and riling both fellow Republicans and DemocratsMore >> Trump's budget boosts military but cuts GOP, Dem favorites Trump's budget boosts military but cuts GOP, Dem favorites President Donald Trump's new $1.15 trillion budget would reshape America's government with broad, conservative strokes, ordering generous increases for the military, slashing domestic programs and riling both fellow Republicans and Democrats More >> President Donald Trump's new $1.15 trillion budget would reshape America's government with broad, conservative strokes, ordering generous increases for the military, slashing domestic programs and riling both fellow Republicans and DemocratsMore >> AP NewsMinute: Travel ban, budgets, Tillerson in Japan AP NewsMinute: Travel ban, budgets, Tillerson in Japan A summary of the top stories for Thursday, March 16, 2017. More >> A summary of the top stories for Thursday, March 16, 2017.More >> SpaceX sends satellite into orbit after 2-day delay SpaceX sends satellite into orbit after 2-day delay SpaceX has launched a communications satellite into orbit after a two-day delay More >> SpaceX has launched a communications satellite into orbit after a two-day delayMore >> Refugee family lands in US amid fight over travel ban Refugee family lands in US amid fight over travel ban An Iraqi family has landed in the United States as a federal court blocked a travel ban that would have kept others like them out of the country for 120 days More >> An Iraqi family has landed in the United States as a federal court blocked a travel ban that would have kept others like them out of the country for 120 daysMore >> Trump announces challenge to Obama-era fuel standards Trump announces challenge to Obama-era fuel standards President Donald Trump announced plans Wednesday to re-examine federal requirements governing the fuel efficiency of cars and trucks, moving forcefully against Obama-era environmental regulations that Trump says are stifling economic growth More >> President Donald Trump announced plans Wednesday to re-examine federal requirements governing the fuel efficiency of cars and trucks, moving forcefully against Obama-era environmental regulations that Trump says are stifling economic growthMore >> High stakes for Trump on GOP health care bill High stakes for Trump on GOP health care bill President Donald Trump knows he'll be judged on whether he can help repeal the so-called "Obamacare" law and replace it with something new More >> President Donald Trump knows he'll be judged on whether he can help repeal the so-called "Obamacare" law and replace it with something newMore >> Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold President Donald Trump's revised travel ban has been put on hold by a federal judge in Hawaii who questions the government's argument that the measure was motivated by national security concerns More >> President Donald Trump's revised travel ban has been put on hold by a federal judge in Hawaii who questions the government's argument that the measure was motivated by national security concernsMore >> Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold President Donald Trump's revised travel ban has been put on hold by a federal judge in Hawaii who questions the government's argument that the measure was motivated by national security concerns More >> President Donald Trump's revised travel ban has been put on hold by a federal judge in Hawaii who questions the government's argument that the measure was motivated by national security concernsMore >> Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold President Donald Trump's revised travel ban has been put on hold by a federal judge in Hawaii who questions the government's argument that the measure was motivated by national security concerns More >> President Donald Trump's revised travel ban has been put on hold by a federal judge in Hawaii who questions the government's argument that the measure was motivated by national security concernsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° Munster, IN (46321) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 15F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 15, 2017 @ 8:35 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Federal judge rules against revised travel ban Dead shark found in shopping cart in store parking lot Associated Press Associated Press Mar 9, 2017 ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. — Authorities are mystified as to why a 5-foot-long dead shark was left in the parking lot of a northeast Florida Wal-Mart just days before another dead shark was found nearby. The St. Augustine Record reports (http://bit.ly/2niO3FC) St. Johns County Sheriff's deputies were called to the store parking lot last week after the shark was found in a shopping cart. Deputies talked to the owner of an RV parked nearby and learned that the RV owner had woken to find the shark on his vehicle's hood. The owner said he then put it in the cart. The sheriff's office says days later they were called to driveway in Vilano Beach and found another dead shark. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The deputies called in the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission to dispose of the sharks. Today's quirky news: Mom who mocked pregnant giraffe livestream gives birth Check back here daily for the latest oddball stories that just may give you a chuckle or leave you scratching your head. Related to this topic 5 challenges facing states moving toward legal marijuana The most dangerous city in every state Seven photos of chickens wearing sweaters Photos: Icy mess follows winter storm that slammed Northeast Photos: Inside a US-Mexico border drug smuggling tunnel Tags Commerce Shark Motor Vehicle Transports Deputy Ichthyology Sheriff Owner Parking Lot St. Augustine Shopping Cart Associated Press The AP is one of the largest and most trusted sources of independent newsgathering, supplying a steady stream of news to its members, international subscribers and commercial customers. Follow Associated Press Close Get email notifications on Associated Press daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Associated Press posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Associated Press Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest in section 10 Things to Know for Thursday GOP leaders acknowledge health bill changes, may delay vote Trump's first budget boosts military, cuts domestic programs Oklahoma senator found with teen in motel could face charges 6 guards injured at Northern California prison riot More on this topic 10 Things to Know for Thursday GOP leaders acknowledge health bill changes, may delay vote Trump's first budget boosts military, cuts domestic programs Oklahoma senator found with teen in motel could face charges 6 guards injured at Northern California prison riot Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Missing Schererville teen has been located Gordmans, Family Christian going out of business UPDATE: Lake, Porter could see 2 to 5 inches of snow Monday E.C. Central suffers questionable loss, while Merrillville rolls First Northwest Indiana Sonic to skate in to Michigan City Currents Autos What are the best cars for dog owners? +2 Lifestyles Fairy gardens captivate imaginations of both kids and adults +8 National News Photos: Lost for a century, hidden paintings seeing light of day Today’s top pics: Powerful snowstorm pummels Northeast and more Your daily 6: Exploding headphones, Don Draper's pitch and a Rachel Maddow backlash Today In History, March 15: Elizabeth Taylor & Richard Burton Today's Birthdays, March 15: Ruth Bader Ginsburg UC Davis beats NC Central in First Four 67-63 Bracket-buster Middle Tennessee takes aim at Big Ten again Redskins release defensive end Ricky Jean Francois Bao: Taiwan Pork Belly Buns Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses The Times Media Company 601 W. 45th Avenue, Munster, IN 46321 Stevenson and Fairchild OMS 61 West 86th Avenue, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Illiana Christian High School 2261 Indiana Ave, Lansing, IL 60438 JOURNEY SENIOR LIVING OF MERRILLVILLE 7900 RHODE ISLAND STREET, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Dream Big Gymnastics Child's Birthday Coming Up? Host it at Dream Big Gymnastics. CLICK for Detail s or Call us at (708) 650-0916 Updated Mar 9, 2017 Chesterton Toys Offering kid-powered entertainment to kids of all ages! Check out www.chestertontoys.com today! Updated Mar 9, 2017 Ryan Spangler- State Farm #1 in Customer Satisfaction! Request a Quote with Ryan Spangler - State Farm and get a FREE GIFT CARD! *Mention This Ad* Updated Mar 9, 2017 Justin's Tree Service Call Justin's Tree Service today and ask about our winter discounts! 219-840-3003 Updated Mar 9, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / There is a retail bubble — and it’s bursting There is a retail bubble — and it’s bursting Posted on Thursday, March 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News America has way too many stores — at a time when consumers are increasingly shopping online instead of at the mall. One retail CEO even compared the state of retail today to the housing bubble back in the mid-2000s. Urban Outfitters, Staples, Dick’s and Men’s Wearhouse/Jos. A Bank owner Tailored Brands all reported disappointing quarterly results this week. Women’s apparel retailer J. Jill went public on Thursday and found few interested shoppers. The stock fell — after pricing its offering below its expected range. Handbag retailer Vera Bradley underwhelmed Wall Street too. RadioShack just went bankrupt. Again. And Sears continues to hemorrhage red ink. The story is the same for these and other struggling chains like Macy’s, JCPenney, Barnes & Noble, Victoria’s Secret owner L Brands and Target. Shoppers are more inclined to click and order than visit bricks and mortar. Amazon, of course, is the biggest beneficiary of this trend. Its stock is up almost 15% this year and is trading near an all-time high. The company is worth nearly $410 billion — almost double the market value of Walmart. So, to quote King George III in Hamilton: What comes next? Many retailers may be forced to shut even more stores and bulk up on their online commerce sites and mobile apps. The head of Urban Outfitters had a blunt, and scary, assessment of the retail situation earlier this week. During a conference call with analysts on Tuesday, CEO Richard Hayne compared the state of retail to the housing glut last decade that helped bring about the Great Recession. “Retail square feet per capita in the United States is more than six times that of Europe or Japan. And this doesn’t count digital commerce,” Hayne said. “Our industry, not unlike the housing industry, saw too much square footage capacity added in the 1990s and early 2000s.” “Thousands of new doors opened and rents soared. This created a bubble, and like housing, that bubble has now burst,” he added. “We are seeing the results: doors shuttering and rents retreating. This trend will continue for the foreseeable future and may even accelerate.” It already is accelerating. Staples announced more store closures on Thursday. It joins a growing list of big retailers that are shutting stores, which includes both Sears and its subsidiary Kmart, Macy’s, JCPenney and Abercrombie & Fitch. Electronics retailer hhgregg is closing many stores too after filing for bankruptcy this week. Wet Seal, American Apparel, Sports Authority and The Limited are closing all their stores after bankruptcy filings. Of course, not all retailers are bowled over by Amazon. Walmart, thanks in part to its purchase of e-commerce startup Jet last year, is starting to gain momentum in digital commerce. Shares of Best Buy and Costco are both up this year as well, despite increased competition from both Amazon and Walmart. Home Depot and Lowe’s are holding up nicely too. And it sort of makes sense. Builders are probably more inclined to buy plywood and other supplies at a big store than online. Children’s Place was also a retail standout, reporting results earlier this week that topped forecasts. The stock surged nearly 20% on the news. And there are several mall-based apparel chains that are still doing quite well, most notably fast fashion stalwarts H&M, Zara and Forever 21. But the dominance of Amazon is clearly taking its toll on the weakest links of the retail industry. So don’t be surprised to see even more store closures and bankruptcies. Moody’s said in a report this week that Sears, J. Crew, Payless and Gymboree were among 19 retailers that it considers to be financially distressed. Soda wars: The UK's tax on sugary drinks is working Civil engineers say fixing infrastructure will take $4.6 trillion Related Posts How Boeing got on Trump’s good side Taylor Swift cuts deal with AT&T for Super Bowl weekend show PA Organizations Host Penn State Community and Economic Development Conference Apple stock hits new all-time high Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Clear54° FULL FORECASTClear54° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Business Two USF grads help rebuild a troubled Tampa community as they build their business US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Remains of St. Pete World War 2 pilot return after seven decades National Book Critics Circle awards go to Margaret Atwood, Louise Erdrich and more Days after rescue, kidnapped woman still without her children Gov. Scott takes cop-slaying case from Orlando prosecutor over her refusal to seek death penalty McDonald's claims Twitter account was hacked after post insulting Trump News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Courts Florida Supreme Court defines 'sexual intercourse' in question arising from HIV case Top News Gov. Scott takes cop-slaying case from Orlando prosecutor over her refusal to seek death penalty McDonald's claims Twitter account was hacked after post insulting Trump Video: Sean Spicer gets heated in explaining that Trump 'stands by' wiretapping claim Intel senators: No indication Trump Tower was surveilled House Republicans move plan that would deny food stamps to 229,000 Floridians Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Spring Training Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Morgan Rielly not surprised by Brayden Point's emergence Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Photo gallery: University of Florida Gators vs. East Tennessee State Buccaneers East Region: Florida silences doubters, dispatches East Tennessee State 80-65 USA Gymnastics president resigns amid abuse scandal Even during a trying season, USF women meet NCAA tourney expectations Spin doctors: Pinpointing the reasons for a pitcher's success Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Movies Review: 'Beauty and the Beast' has none of the original's magic Top News New York Times writes '36 Hours' on St. Pete Beach. Did they get it right? Review: 'Alex Katz: Black and White' surveys a colorful career Plan your weekend: St. Patrick's Day, Broadway's 'Once,' Jason Isbell and John Hiatt at Busch Gardens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Trump budget cuts put Florida coast at risk Top Opinion Editorial: Trump budget cuts put Florida coast at risk A Dallas Morning News editorial: Today's teens are 'wired and tired,' but they're not wasted Column: Why I'm moving home Column: Appeals court judges rebuke Trump for 'personal attacks' on judiciary, 'intimidation' Henderson: Don't just gripe, do something about neighborhood trash Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News National Book Critics Circle awards go to Margaret Atwood, Louise Erdrich and more Vinoy resort in breaks ground on marina restaurant Holland tulips a magical sight from river cruise on the Rhine Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Closing Davis Beach at night scatters car lovers, but has it cut street racing? By Hannah Farrow, Tampa Bay Times HANNAH FARROWTampa Bay Times Thursday, March 9, 2017 11:00am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LOREN ELLIOTT | Times Cody Blackburn can still park his custom Honda Civic during daylight hours at Ben T. Davis Beach on the Courtney Campbell Causeway. ﻿ TAMPA — State authorities built steel gates at Ben T. Davis Beach last April and lock them at night in hopes of cutting down on racing along the adjacent Courtney Campbell Causeway. Related News/Archive Fire at Clearwater storage unit facility closes westbound Drew Street 5 Months Ago Clearwater crash hospitalizes two, closes portion of Drew Street 1 Month Ago Sunset Beach ramp closed for now 1 Week Ago Whether the move has done any good remains a subject of debate between authorities and car enthusiasts. There was only one arrest for street racing there in all of 2015 and 2016. One thing is for sure, though: The restrictions dispersed gatherings of car enthusiasts — don't call them street racers, they say — who once relied on the park as a place to show off their rides three nights a week in a place relatively convenient to people from St. Petersburg to Orlando. This loose-knit community with its 75 to 200 cars has turned instead to a shifting series of places with big parking lots, like a Walmart, said Jonathan Valencia, 31, who attends many of the gatherings. Valencia, the self-proclaimed Empanada King, follows the group, selling his wares from a car until he can open the food truck he dreams of. "It's not all crazy stuff and not everyone who goes out there races," Valencia said. "It's a wonderful community. There's a lot of love and respect." Besides, the gates installed by the Florida Department of Transportation — and a sign reading, "Lot closed and locked at 9:00 PM" — haven't stopped the racing, he said. "Just because they blocked the parking doesn't mean they can't drive on it and still race," Valencia said. "People park on the side of the road and race with cars on the road. It was more organized when the gates were open." The state installed the gates last April at the request of Hills-borough County, the city of Tampa and the Tampa Police Department. "The purpose of the gate installation is to help eliminate late night congregations and racing along the roadway, which is a continuing safety concern for Tampa's citizens and visitors," a news release at the time said. Groups would gather at night in the parking area at Ben T. Davis Beach anticipating a race along the causeway, Tampa police spokesman Steve Hegarty said. Not all gatherings ended in a race, Hegarty said, but racing was and is an issue along the causeway. When a race ended, the crowds would disperse. "People race on the bridges. That's a fact," Hegarty said. "If they were to speed down Hillsborough, they're more likely to get caught." To catch someone on the causeway, Tampa police have to work with Clearwater police operating on the western side of the strip. "It's a long straightaway and more difficult to identify someone and catch them," Hegarty said. In 2015 and 2016, when only one arrest was made on the causeway, 15 arrests were made for racing elsewhere in Tampa, Hegarty said — most likely spontaneous competitions erupting in secluded neighborhoods and spotted by officers in unmarked cars. Cody Blackburn, 25, belongs to a car club he doesn't want to name and insists the car meetings are just a gathering of friends — not street racers. "Apparently we're a nuisance to society because we have modified exhausts and our cars are low and people get mad at us," Blackburn said. "We just want a place where we can all hang out and show off what we invested in." They're even more mindful of safety now with a collision in October that claimed the lives of five people, including car enthusiast Pablo Cortes III and two children, 9 and 10. Authorities did not say Cortes was racing at the time but a video posted just before showed him doing 115 mph. The crash was a "huge eye opener" to the car community, Blackburn said. "We don't condone street racing," Blackburn said. "Sometimes we play our music a little louder than we should, but all we want to do is have a place to hang out." Robert Yoho, 55, is in the racing business at his Showtime Speedway in Pinellas Park and supports the installation of the gates at Ben T. Davis Beach. Yoho said many car enthusiasts gets a bad rap because of a few who create problems. He made a video encouraging drivers to "keep drag racing off the streets and take it to the strip." His quarter-mile, figure-8 speedway and dragstrip caters to professional drivers. But one Saturday a month, he hosts Street Warz where street cars are free to drag-race in a controlled environment with paramedics on site. The cost is $10 per entry. Said Yoho, "They just don't need to be racing on the streets." Contact Hannah Farrow at hillsnews@tampabay.com Closing Davis Beach at night scatters car lovers, but has it cut street racing? 03/09/17 [Last modified: Friday, March 10, 2017 3:13pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads As workplace changes, some firms re-examine bereavement policies JSU program swap raises for skill training Roads, bridges and a tight budget WEATHERLY: The magazine life and the death of a writer TODD SMITH — Media outlets receive boost since election Vets team up to bring new pizza concept to Mississippi Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction & Architecture C&A Awards Current Winners 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Top in Tech Awards Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Current Weekly Edition Magazines and Special Pubs Associated sites Hattiesburg Business Today Home » NEWS » Economic Development » Highlands group mum on status of development for Jackson Highlands group mum on status of development for Jackson Posted by: Jack Weatherly in Economic Development, MBJ FEATURE, NEWS, Real Estate & Construction March 9, 2017 By JACK WEATHERLY Bo Lockard said last July he could see the future of Colonial Highlands spread out before him. Conversations with potential developers of the 152-acre former home of the Colonial Country Club as a $250 million village of upscale residences and retail shops had begun, he said. “We are working toward negotiating contracts by the end of the summer,” Lockard said in an interview. Then a glitch. Negotiations with Walmart for a 35,000-square-foot grocery in the commercial portion of the project fell through last fall. At that point, a Speed Commercial Real Estate for-sale sign was put up on the old driving range, where the retail aspect of the plan is to be built. Recently a CBRE for-sale sign has been put up on the property along Old Canton Road. Numerous calls and emails over the past month to Lockard, manager of Colonial Jackson LLC, and Rob Hydeman, another principal in the partnership, as well as local real estate brokers have led to no new information. Neel-Schaffer engineering of Jackson said Tuesday that it has not been in touch with the principals in Colonial Jackson LLC for at least six months, after doing some preliminary work and a traffic study. The plan was developed with an in-depth study by Zimmerman/Volk Associates of Clinton, N.J. Zimmerman/Volk says on its website that it is “recognized by the leading practitioners of the New Urbanism as the national expert on the market feasibility of urban redevelopment and New Urbanist communities.” The design of the various, but invariably traditional, home styles was done by a leader in the New Urbanism movement, architect Steven Oubre’ of Lafayette, La. Interest rates are at or near historical lows and construction is on the upswing. The plan calls for 636 living units, most of which would be free-standing homes, along with attached homes and apartments for sale or lease. The effort to build out the land had a stormy beginning. Initially, in 2015, the developers sought to have the city change its zoning code to allow mixed-use development on land zoned for special use, such as parks, hospitals, churches and golf courses. That would have allowed commercial development in those lands without public hearings. But that approach was dropped after a showdown at City Hall with an angry crowd of residents convinced City Council members that was not a good approach. Business Colonial Highlands JACKSON Mississippi Neel-Schaffer NEWS 2017-03-09 Jack Weatherly tweet Tagged with: Business Colonial Highlands JACKSON Mississippi Neel-Schaffer NEWS Previous: USM faculty member gets grant for Fresh Food on the Move Next: C Spire gets favorable Supreme Court ruling About Jack Weatherly More Stories Like This BILL CRAWFORD: May Day shows rural communities can succeed March 12, 2017 Trump administration actions inspire editorial cartoonists March 12, 2017 Mississippi judge retiring from US appeals court in October March 10, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics UMC cuts 195 jobs, eliminates 85 positions in budget cut March 16, 2017 Roads, bridges and a tight budget March 16, 2017 Trump administration actions inspire editorial cartoonists March 12, 2017 House leadership makes new effort to fund transportation March 10, 2017 Senate passes level education funding March 10, 2017 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money Stocks remain firm after more strong US jobs figures March 10, 2017 Stocks wobble as health care climbs and industrials fall March 9, 2017 MORNING MONEY: Global stocks waver after Wall Street losses March 8, 2017 MORNING MONEY — Health care stocks fall in early trade on reform proposal March 7, 2017 Losses for banks pull US stocks further from record highs March 6, 2017 Leaders in Finance 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Stroke Care Centers List 2016 directory of Stroke Care Centers, ranked by Level 1, 2 or 3. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2017 Mississippi Business Journal            
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #UPPolls #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy BJP may retain power in Goa: Exit poll Business Standard India, China, EU to lead if US withdraws from Paris Pact: UNEP chief IANS  |  New Delhi  March 9, 2017 Last Updated at 19:04 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU9hcM ALSO READ EU calls for China to take 'concrete' steps in opening market EU proposes shorter extension of China solar duties - document China expresses disappointment at EU favouring continued limits on Chinese solar panels EU softens proposal on extension of Chinese solar duties EU optimistic bank capital deal can be reached in January Even if the US pulls out of the Paris Agreement, as President Donald Trump has threatened to do, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) will bank on India, China and the European Union (EU) and India for the success of the accord, which aims to limit global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius, if now below 1.5 degrees Celsius, above pre-industrial levels by 2100 its top administrator has said. "I am optimistic of whatever happens in the White House. India, China and European Union and other major players have decided they will move (go ahead). They are long past from the point of return. The idea is now to provide global leadership," UNEP Executive Director Erik Solheim told IANS in an interview during a visit here for meetings with the Indian Railways and NABARD. He further said that the US private sectors will also participate in the efforts to climate change."The private sector also will move whatever happens in the White House. Companies such as Apple, Google and Microsoft will participate. Also, companies like WalMart will do it for customers and for their own benefit," Solheim maintained. Solheim said a US pull out would seriously dent the country. "The US has already lost 400,000 jobs and its withdrawal (from the Paris Pact) will take away jobs to China, India and other places," Solheim said. Terming the Kigali Agreement -- where 197 countries struck a new landmark deal last October to phase out by the 2040s the use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) -- a "breakthrough", Solheim said: "The process has just started and I am confident that it will happen. It will be implemented the same way, we implemented the Montreal Protocol, that is 100 per cent." The Kigali Agreement went one step ahead of the 1987 Montreal Protocol on phasing out the production and consumption of ozone-depleting substances (ODS). Solheim said UNEP had plans to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Indian Railways for green procurement to promote use of clean energy on larger scale. The green procurement focuses on procuring or buying things from vendors, which are environment compliant, clean energy efficient and do not use HFCs. "The Indian Railways is not a backyard company. If it starts procuring or buying environmental friendly things, it will have huge impact on market," Solehim said, adding that similar MoU was planned to be signed with an industry lobby to engage the private sector. Similarly, the UNEP has started working with the National Bank For Agriculture And Rural Development (NABARD) to finance a solar revolution in India, Solheim said. He said investment in solar and wind energy has helped in repidly bringing down the environmental crisis. Solheim said that the UNEP had its focus on the major Indian cities which are among most polluted in the world. Although road traffic was source of pollution everywhere, burning of agricultural waste also added to pollution at some places, he said. "We are ready to support the governments with measuring equipment to monitor pollution or to see source, and how pollution can be controlled. We assist them to switch to electric buses and vehicles," he said. "The government must come up with policies but we can provide best expertise, technology, contacts with other governments working on this." (Saurabh Katkurwar can be contacted at saurabh.k@ians.in) --IANS spk/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On India | China | Eu | Bank | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep India, China, EU to lead if US withdraws from Paris Pact: UNEP chief Even if the US pulls out of the Paris Agreement, as President Donald Trump has threatened to do, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) will bank on India, China and the European Union (EU) and India for the success of the accord, which aims to limit global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius, if now below 1.5 degrees Celsius, above pre-industrial levels by 2100 its top administrator has said. Even if the US pulls out of the Paris Agreement, as President Donald Trump has threatened to do, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) will bank on India, China and the European Union (EU) and India for the success of the accord, which aims to limit global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius, if now below 1.5 degrees Celsius, above pre-industrial levels by 2100 its top administrator has said. "I am optimistic of whatever happens in the White House. India, China and European Union and other major players have decided they will move (go ahead). They are long past from the point of return. The idea is now to provide global leadership," UNEP Executive Director Erik Solheim told IANS in an interview during a visit here for meetings with the Indian Railways and NABARD. He further said that the US private sectors will also participate in the efforts to climate change."The private sector also will move whatever happens in the White House. Companies such as Apple, Google and Microsoft will participate. Also, companies like WalMart will do it for customers and for their own benefit," Solheim maintained. Solheim said a US pull out would seriously dent the country. "The US has already lost 400,000 jobs and its withdrawal (from the Paris Pact) will take away jobs to China, India and other places," Solheim said. Terming the Kigali Agreement -- where 197 countries struck a new landmark deal last October to phase out by the 2040s the use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) -- a "breakthrough", Solheim said: "The process has just started and I am confident that it will happen. It will be implemented the same way, we implemented the Montreal Protocol, that is 100 per cent." The Kigali Agreement went one step ahead of the 1987 Montreal Protocol on phasing out the production and consumption of ozone-depleting substances (ODS). Solheim said UNEP had plans to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Indian Railways for green procurement to promote use of clean energy on larger scale. The green procurement focuses on procuring or buying things from vendors, which are environment compliant, clean energy efficient and do not use HFCs. "The Indian Railways is not a backyard company. If it starts procuring or buying environmental friendly things, it will have huge impact on market," Solehim said, adding that similar MoU was planned to be signed with an industry lobby to engage the private sector. Similarly, the UNEP has started working with the National Bank For Agriculture And Rural Development (NABARD) to finance a solar revolution in India, Solheim said. He said investment in solar and wind energy has helped in repidly bringing down the environmental crisis. Solheim said that the UNEP had its focus on the major Indian cities which are among most polluted in the world. Although road traffic was source of pollution everywhere, burning of agricultural waste also added to pollution at some places, he said. "We are ready to support the governments with measuring equipment to monitor pollution or to see source, and how pollution can be controlled. We assist them to switch to electric buses and vehicles," he said. "The government must come up with policies but we can provide best expertise, technology, contacts with other governments working on this." (Saurabh Katkurwar can be contacted at saurabh.k@ians.in) --IANS spk/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 India, China, EU to lead if US withdraws from Paris Pact: UNEP chief Even if the US pulls out of the Paris Agreement, as President Donald Trump has threatened to do, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) will bank on India, China and the European Union (EU) and India for the success of the accord, which aims to limit global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius, if now below 1.5 degrees Celsius, above pre-industrial levels by 2100 its top administrator has said. "I am optimistic of whatever happens in the White House. India, China and European Union and other major players have decided they will move (go ahead). They are long past from the point of return. The idea is now to provide global leadership," UNEP Executive Director Erik Solheim told IANS in an interview during a visit here for meetings with the Indian Railways and NABARD. He further said that the US private sectors will also participate in the efforts to climate change."The private sector also will move whatever happens in the White House. Companies such as Apple, Google and Microsoft will participate. Also, companies like WalMart will do it for customers and for their own benefit," Solheim maintained. Solheim said a US pull out would seriously dent the country. "The US has already lost 400,000 jobs and its withdrawal (from the Paris Pact) will take away jobs to China, India and other places," Solheim said. Terming the Kigali Agreement -- where 197 countries struck a new landmark deal last October to phase out by the 2040s the use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) -- a "breakthrough", Solheim said: "The process has just started and I am confident that it will happen. It will be implemented the same way, we implemented the Montreal Protocol, that is 100 per cent." The Kigali Agreement went one step ahead of the 1987 Montreal Protocol on phasing out the production and consumption of ozone-depleting substances (ODS). Solheim said UNEP had plans to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Indian Railways for green procurement to promote use of clean energy on larger scale. The green procurement focuses on procuring or buying things from vendors, which are environment compliant, clean energy efficient and do not use HFCs. "The Indian Railways is not a backyard company. If it starts procuring or buying environmental friendly things, it will have huge impact on market," Solehim said, adding that similar MoU was planned to be signed with an industry lobby to engage the private sector. Similarly, the UNEP has started working with the National Bank For Agriculture And Rural Development (NABARD) to finance a solar revolution in India, Solheim said. He said investment in solar and wind energy has helped in repidly bringing down the environmental crisis. Solheim said that the UNEP had its focus on the major Indian cities which are among most polluted in the world. Although road traffic was source of pollution everywhere, burning of agricultural waste also added to pollution at some places, he said. "We are ready to support the governments with measuring equipment to monitor pollution or to see source, and how pollution can be controlled. We assist them to switch to electric buses and vehicles," he said. "The government must come up with policies but we can provide best expertise, technology, contacts with other governments working on this." (Saurabh Katkurwar can be contacted at saurabh.k@ians.in) --IANS spk/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments 'The numbers are escalating:' Birmingham city councilor to host town hall on violent crime Birmigham Inaguration Birmingham City Councilor Lashunda Scales (Frank Couch/fcouch@al.com/al.com) (Frank Couch) Print Email Erin Edgemon | eedgemon@al.com By Erin Edgemon | eedgemon@al.com The Birmingham News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 09, 2017 at 7:00 AM, updated March 09, 2017 at 7:04 AM comments Residents of east Birmingham will have the opportunity to ask questions and express their concerns about crime in their neighborhoods during an upcoming town hall meeting. Birmingham City Councilor Lashunda Scales is hosting a District 1 Crime & Economics Town Hall meeting at 6:30 p.m. on Monday, March 13 at the Northeast YMCA located at 628 Red Lane Road behind the Wal-Mart in Roebuck. "Everybody is concerned about crime," Scales said. "The numbers are escalating, and it doesn't seem to be trending downward. When I go to our neighborhood meetings, everyone is talking about it." Scales said she has assembled a panel to answer questions and to share information on ways residents can combat crime in their neighborhoods. Panelists will include officials from the Birmingham Police Department; Interim Jefferson County District Attorney Danny Carr; The Dannon Project, which provides services to at-risk populations; and former Birmingham police Chief Annetta Nunn, who currently serves as outreach coordinator at the YWCA. "Lack of economic opportunities and job skills have played a great part in the criminal element plaguing our city," Scales said. "As a result, obtaining economic development projects in your community often presents a challenge when crime is the main issue." So far this year, Birmingham has recorded 23 homicides. There were 104 homicides in the city last year. It was the first time in 10 years that Birmingham's homicide tally has reached triple digits. Birmingham, Jefferson County end violent 2016 with spike in homicides "The seriousness of this issue warrants all of our attention," Scales said. "It warrants the attention of the public." She said the goal of the town hall is to establish a partnership between residents, community stakeholders, social service networks and law enforcement focused on causes of violent crime and potential remedies. "Several young men were murdered in my district (last year)," Scales said. "And the issue really hit home when I stood in a parking lot in District 1 and saw a murdered body for the first time in my life. There have been other cases as well, including a pregnant teenage girl killed in front of the apartment complex where she lived, and domestic disputes that ended in the death of two women. 20-year-old gunned down in AutoZone parking lot; 'They don't value life anymore,' says victim's father "In 2017, the trend has continued with no plan being offered to stop this madness," she added. "As a mother of daughters, resident of this city and elected official with the capacity to seek solutions, I must do something." Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Workday sees revenue recognition standard change as marketing opportunity for Workday Financials Companies will have to change their revenue recognition practices in the next year or so. Workday adopted early as a proof-point for a cloud approach and Workday Financials. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | March 9, 2017 -- 11:00 GMT (03:00 PST) | Topic: Cloud Workday is betting that a new revenue recognition standard to be adopted over the next year or so will be a catalyst to highlight financial systems based in the cloud. More Cloud TV videos Cloud computing powers Nissan Leaf and will be key for autonomous driving Dunkin' Brands CISO tells how cloud solutions help them drive customer engagement and loyalty Accenture CTO Paul Daugherty on how the cloud enables the AI revolution Forrester Research's senior analyst Clement Teo gives 6 reasons why cloud is a no-brainer When Workday reported its fourth quarter results last month, executives such as Robynne Sisco spent a lot of time talking about ASC 606. In a nutshell, ASC 606 is a new revenue recognition standard that melds international accounting with the US. You can wonk out all you want on the accounting standard change here and here, but the primary CXO takeaway is that Workday adopted ASC 606 early, was dinged a bit on guidance for the new fiscal year and may have landed a entry to sell Workday Financials more. Workday beats Q4 expectations | Workday touts Amazon as latest customer win | Workday lands massive Walmart contract By being the first software company to adopt ASC 606, Sisco said Workday was aiming for two constituencies. The first was customers who needed to know they could use Workday Financials for ASC 606. The second one was investors so they could know what it means to Workday and revenue trends. Workday pulled its billings guidance due to ASC 606 and a few analysts were miffed. Sisco said Workday doesn't look at billings as a key metric internally. "There is some marketing benefit to it (ASC 606)," said Sisco. "Adopting it early shows the value of a SaaS financial system and the ability to deliver functionality ahead of the accounting change." What Sisco is hoping is that Workday Financials gets a look from enterprises, who may have already adopted Workday HCM, who are struggling to tweak legacy on-premises financial systems. "ASC 606 may allow companies to realize that this isn't the last accounting change that's going to happen." On the fourth quarter earnings conference call, Sisco outlined the following rationale for ASC 606 adoption. We elected to adopt ASC606 under the full retrospective method. As required by this method, we have fully restated FY16 and FY17 under the new standard using financial data all the way back to 2010. We were able to adopt under this method because we have detailed accessible historical data in our Workday financial system. Under this method all future reporting will be under the new standard only. We believe many companies will have difficulty accessing their data as far back as necessary and in enough detail to adopt the full retrospective method and will therefore adopt what is known as the modified retrospective method instead. Workday Financial Management functionality also supports the dual reporting under both the old and new standards, which is required under this alternative method of adoption. Simply put, Workday sees an accounting change as a marketing event. To Workday, a bet that potential customers will look at the money they will spend on customization for ASC 606 and consider cloud alternatives makes sense. "We believe a lot of companies will be looking at a wholesale shift to the cloud," said Sisco. How banking went from batch-oriented to a real-time business: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Oracle CTO Ellison fixated on AWS, infrastructure as a service but why? Security Google Cloud adds new customer-supplied encryption key partners Developer Amazon makes it cheaper to host Alexa skills on AWS Cloud Mount Sinai Health System taps Salesforce clouds to coordinate Medicaid care × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Latest News Dow 20,935 -15.55 -0.07% Nasdaq 5,901 +0.71 +0.01% S&P 500 2,381 -3.88 -0.16% 9:17 P.M. ET Tillerson rips ‘failed approach’ to North Korea, says U.S. will pressure China 9:03 P.M. ET Google Home tests unsolicited audio ad, to grumbles 8:46 P.M. ET Brazil judge suspends $50B dam disaster lawsuit 8:42 P.M. ET Updated Trump still believes he was wiretapped, though senators refute his claims 8:02 P.M. ET Updated KKR, CDPQ said to be near $2 billion joint bid to buy USI Insurance 7:29 P.M. ET Good news: Workers are quitting at a rate that matches recovery high 7:27 P.M. ET OPEC may be willing to extend oil-production cuts 7:13 P.M. ET Updated Boycott Hawaii? Trump fans take issue with judge standing in way of latest travel ban 6:36 P.M. ET Updated Tech jobs are actually disappearing in 6 of the biggest 100 U.S. cities 6:17 P.M. ET Updated Jessica Alba’s Honest Co. names new CEO 6:16 P.M. ET Updated Will artificial intelligence deliver an android that works as your personal assistant? 6:14 P.M. ET Updated March ‘Sadness’: Is there anything more predictable than the NCAA tournament? 6:12 P.M. ET Opinion Those March Madness basketball teams aren’t as profitable as you think 6:11 P.M. ET Opinion Bears are losing their chance in the stock market 5:47 P.M. ET Updated More GoPro cuts send shares flying, but analysts aren’t buying it 5:35 P.M. ET Trump budget would privatize air-traffic control system 5:34 P.M. ET Updated The most powerful passports in the world (and the least powerful) 5:27 P.M. ET Updated Mike Flynn paid more than $50,000 by Russian companies before joining Trump campaign 5:07 P.M. ET Caterpillar hires former U.S. attorney general for help in federal probe 5:01 P.M. ET Do This Before You Sign Up for a 401(k) Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release "Wake up with Cala", the new book by Ismael Cala, explores the quest for balance in life By Published: Mar 9, 2017 4:18 a.m. ET Share Already available at www.Amazon.com and www.BarnesandNoble.com, and as of March 21st, at Target, Walmart and bookstores in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. In coming weeks it will appear in other countries in Latin America. MIAMI, March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Life strategist, bestselling author and international lecturer, Ismael Cala has announced the publication of his new book "Despierta con Cala" ('Wake up with Cala'), containing some of his reflections on the program Despierta América ('Wake up, America'), on the U.S. network, Univision. "I am deeply moved to announce the publication of 'Wake up with Cala,' a book that explores fundamental aspects of our lives in our quest for balance. This book is addressed to those who believe they have a path to follow, to people who came into this world with the responsibility of taking control of their decisions, events and attitudes," Cala explains from Miami.  Each week on his popular Univision show, Ismael invites TV viewers to wake up to life and find happiness. And now, from the pages of "Wake up with Cala," his readers will find the motivation to balance seven key aspects of life: Mind and spirit Health and body Love and relationships for couples  Family and home Friends and social life Finances Time for yourself "Wake up with Cala" is published under the Aguilar label of Penguin Random House USA, in a joint effort with the Univision network, and is already available for presale at www.Amazon.com and www.BarnesandNoble.com. As of March 21 [st] , it will also be on sale at Target, Walmart and in bookstores in the U.S. Puerto Rico. In the coming weeks will be for sale in other countries in Latin America. The author is available for interviews. Nowadays, Cala is also preparing to launch his first big event for 2017 at La Montaña Azul in Costa Rica, with the participation of some 50 people.  At the end of April he will return to India with another group, on an inspirational tourism trip that will include cities such as Delhi, Mumbai and Varanasi, and spectacular sites such as the Taj Mahal and the sacred Ganges river. For more information, please go to: http://india.ismaelcala.com/ ABOUT ISMAEL CALA Life strategist, bestselling author and international speaker specializing in issues of personal development and leadership, for more than five years Ismael Cala was the host of CALA on CNN en Español, and is currently presenting the segment Despierta con Cala ('Wake up with Cala') on the show Despierta América ('Wake up, America'), on Univision. He is considered one of the most important communicators in the Americas, and his message of social entrepreneurship, mindfulness and well-being is a touchstone for millions of followers attuned to his books, seminars, workshops and lectures.  He is the author of the bestseller El poder de escuchar ('The power of listening'), El analfabeto emocional ('The emotional illiterate') and La vida es una piñata ('Life is a piñata'), among others. Come and visit: http://www.ismaelcala.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wake-up-with-cala-the-new-book-by-ismael-cala-explores-the-quest-for-balance-in-life-300421023.html SOURCE Cala Enterprises Corporation Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Amazon is going to kill more American jobs than China did Fed rate hikes + low growth = recession, says stock-market strategist Need income? These investments are great places to park your money right now Stock market ends lower as health care, utilities slump What is the future of bitcoin? MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics ‘Scandinavian zen’ on the Lake Superior shoreline in Minnesota View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Party time: Welcome to America's top 10 booziest—and soberest—cities View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Shoppers walk into a Sears store in Pittsburgh in February. (AP Photo/Gene Puskar) Sears lost $607 million, but Wall Street still likes it Thu Mar 9th, 2017 4:51pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press NEW YORK — Sears, stung by higher charges, reported a wider fourth-quarter loss Thursday, but its adjusted loss was smaller than last year and investors were encouraged that the company closely controlled inventory and expenses. Wall Street looked past falling comparable-store sales as well, and Sears Holdings Corp. shares rose 5 percent. Sales at Sears and Kmart stores open at least a year, a key indicator of a retailer’s health, dropped 10.3 percent. Sears same-store sales slid 12.3 percent, mostly hurt by falling sales of appliances, clothing, consumer electronics and tools. At Kmart stores, comparable-store sales fell 8 percent, mainly because of softer sales of consumer electronics, toys, clothing and grocery and household items. Chief Financial Officer Jason Hollar said a challenging holiday season pressured margins and same-store sales, but the company had a better adjusted profit by watching its inventory and managing costs. The company also said it would use a big portion of the proceeds from the $900 million sale of its Craftsman brand to Stanley Black & Decker to bolster its ailing pension plan. It will put $250 million in cash and some income from annual payments toward the plan as part of a deal with the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corp., a federal agency that protects private pension plans. Chairman and CEO Edward Lampert, whose hedge fund has forwarded millions in funding to keep Sears afloat, has long pledged to turn the company’s fortunes around and that the retailer would find ways capitalize on its best-known brands like Kenmore appliances and DieHard car batteries, as well as its vast holdings of land. The faltering retail chain has also said it may sell more locations, cut more jobs and put more of its famous brands on the block as part of its latest plan to revive itself. It has promised to cut costs by at least $1 billion a year, and says it’s reworking its debt to give itself more breathing room. Sears said it would examine its organizational structure, but didn’t specify any more store closings. It already announced in January it would close 150 of its 1,500 stores. Lampert combined Sears and Kmart in 2005, about two years after he helped bring Kmart out of bankruptcy. But the retail landscape has undergone seismic shifts since then. While Amazon.com had been up and running for almost a decade at that time, the big disruption in retail went into full force around the time of the recession a few years later. Sears’ troubles go further than that, having to compete on appliance sales with Home Depot and to match the cut-rate prices at huge chains like Wal-Mart. And old rivals have made it tougher. J.C. Penney has brought back to its floors major appliances more than 30 years after abandoning the sale of refrigerators and stoves. Sears has ramped up online services, but it’s having a hard time disguising its age. Stores are in need of a major redo. For the period ended Jan. 28, the Hoffman Estates, Illinois-based company lost $607 million, or $5.67 per share. That compares with a loss of $580 million, or $5.44 per share, a year ago. Impairment charges climbed to $409 million, from $203 million. Losses, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, were $1.28 per share, or 42 cents better than last year on a per-share basis. Revenue declined to $6.05 billion from $7.3 billion. The company’s merchandise inventories shrunk to $4 billion, from $5.2 billion a year earlier. Total costs and expenses declined to $6.77 billion, from $7.84 billion. Shares rose 40 cents to $7.89 on Thursday.   Most Read Standoff between woman, Everett police ends peacefully EVERETT — A nearly six-hour-long SWAT standoff ended peacefully Wednesday evening on… Mar 16th, 2017 by Herald Staff Intestinal illnesses linked to Marysville trampoline park MARYSVILLE — The Snohomish Health District is looking into reports of a… Mar 16th, 2017 by Kari Bray Cocoon House raises $8 million for new building EVERETT — Cocoon House, a nonprofit that serves homeless youth, is now… Mar 15th, 2017 by Chris Winters Tree house turned into bed and breakfast near Woodinville WOODINVILLE — Tree houses are growing up. Take the one in the… Mar 16th, 2017 by Jim Davis Finalists for PUD commission are narrowed to two EVERETT — Two people with longtime connections to local schools are the… Mar 15th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Delta Regional Authority, manufacturing groups face uncertain future with Trump budget Wal-Mart eyes trendy fashion startup ModCloth as next acquisition Startups to Watch: NOWDx testing for infectious disease in Africa; Menguin user base up 500% The Supply Side: Suppliers hear details on Walmart.com restructuring Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith Internal Auditor launches audit of River Valley Sports Complex, Sen. Files cites ‘future legal ramifications’ School choice bill fails in House, sponsor to try again Delta Regional Authority, manufacturing groups face uncertain future with Trump budget President Trump’s $1 trillion, defense-heavy budget could mean cuts, elimination of federally-funded programs active in Arkansas U.S. House Budget Committee advances Obamacare repeal bill, tough path expected in Senate Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith Internal Auditor launches audit of River Valley Sports Complex, Sen. Files cites ‘future legal ramifications’ Wal-Mart eyes trendy fashion startup ModCloth as next acquisition Startups to Watch: NOWDx testing for infectious disease in Africa; Menguin user base up 500% Harps employs discount strategy with 10BOX concept Video / Podcasts U.S. Rep. Womack: A ‘lean yes’ on Ryan health care plan, wants changes on House floor Sen. John Boozman: Nothing ‘off the table’ including military options on North Korean aggression U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics AEDC’s Mike Preston: Trump a factor in full project pipeline, wary of bills affecting Arkansas’ image Sen. Cotton: ‘I expect to be very active’ in Obamacare replacement Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers hear details on Walmart.com restructuring Arkansas Tourism Ticker: Gains slow in 2016, but industry jobs set new record American Society of Civil Engineers hands U.S. infrastructure near-failing grade Experts: Autonomous technology to help truck drivers, not replace them; driverless technology a ‘myth’ Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us House passes bill requiring public schools to sell to charters Latest NewsTalk Politics by Steve Brawner (BRAWNERSTEVE@MAC.COM) 1 week ago 90 views  Tags: school buildings 0 SHARES Share Tweet The Arkansas House of Representatives Thursday advanced a bill requiring public schools to sell or lease underused buildings to charter schools after voting down the bill the day before. They also voted to require school districts that outsource operations to private companies to provide extra funding to the teacher retirement system, and voted to restore to the governor the power of naming the director of the Arkansas Department of Higher Education. The House narrowly approved Senate Bill 308 by Sen. Alan Clark, R-Lonsdale, which would require school districts to submit an annual report to the Department of Education identifying all unused and underutilized school facilities. Districts would be required to make the facilities available to existing open-enrollment charter schools within the district’s geographic boundaries for purchase or lease at no more than fair market value. Open-enrollment charter schools are public schools funded with taxpayer dollars but operated by private entities and given more flexibility regarding rules, regulations and methods. The bill initially passed the House the day before, 51-32, but opponents, needing to disqualify only one vote, instigated a parliamentary procedural maneuver, “sounding the ballot,” where the speaker of the House calls the roll, and if a legislator is not in their seat, their vote is stricken. That happened quickly. On Thursday, the House voted 59-27 to reconsider the bill and then voted 53-32 to pass the measure, with four voting present. Opponents again called for sounding the ballot, but this time all supporters were in their seats. Rep. Mark Lowery, R-Maumelle, a co-sponsor, told legislators that the buildings could be put to good use or otherwise left to rot. “Please don’t let it rot,” he said. Opponents included Rep. Charles Blake, D-Little Rock, who said the bill is a “slippery slope,” and Rep. Vivian Flowers, D-Pine Bluff, who said legislators would never consider a bill requiring Walmart to sell or lease a building to Target. The bill has already passed the Senate and is headed back to the Senate and then the governor’s desk. House members also passed House Bill 1287 by Rep. Johnny Rye, R-Trumann, which would require school districts hiring private contractors to perform normal operations such as substitute teaching and cafeteria services to bring those employees into the Arkansas Teacher Retirement System and pay 14% of their salaries into their system, or pay a surcharge that rises to 4% by 2022. The vote was 58-23 with 1 voting present. House members voted 94-0 for House Bill 1945 by Rep. Charlotte Douglas, R-Alma, returning the governor’s power to appoint the director of the Arkansas Department of Higher Education. Douglas said that power was taken from the governor in the 2000s and given to the Higher Education Coordinating Board. The bill would let the governor appoint that director like he or she appoints all other cabinet members, Douglas said. Comments comments Previous post Panel advances Arkansas school choice bill; administrators opposed Next post Campus carry bill pulled out of committee and approved by Senate; now goes back to House Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, good whisky and hipster logos Frank D. Scott, Jr. How regulatory relief can be good for the economy Angela Grayson ‘The Slants’ and a challenge to trademark law Cal Rose Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Latest Popular Fort Smith Internal Auditor launches audit of River Valley Sports Complex, Sen. Files cites ‘future legal ramifications’ 3 hours ago School choice bill fails in House, sponsor to try again 3 hours ago Delta Regional Authority, manufacturing groups face uncertain future with Trump budget 3 hours ago President Trump’s $1 trillion, defense-heavy budget could mean cuts, elimination of federally-funded programs active in Arkansas 3 hours ago Wal-Mart eyes trendy fashion startup ModCloth as next acquisition 6 hours ago House passes resolution recognizing Christian bible as the official Arkansas book 6,727 views Bentonville couple opening new breakfast restaurant 6,059 views Fayetteville man opts for franchising over football 4,016 views Texas developer buys vacant Ruby Tuesday property in Bentonville for $2.15 million 1,576 views Tyson Foods executive Wes Morris to exit company 1,072 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business RadioShack files for bankruptcy protection for second time in two years, and it's closing 200 stores RadioShack files for bankruptcy protection The store has still struggled to compete with big retailers, wireless carriers and e-commerce sites. (March 9, 2017) The store has still struggled to compete with big retailers, wireless carriers and e-commerce sites. (March 9, 2017) Associated Press Privacy Policy RadioShack has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the second time in just over two years, putting the future of the nearly 100-year-old electronics retailer in doubt. Once known as the place to buy batteries and obscure electronic parts, RadioShack has struggled to hang on to customers as more people shop online. It redesigned its stores about three years ago and stocked its shelves with popular headphone brands and the latest gadgets. But that didn't attract more shoppers, and the retailer filed for bankruptcy protection in 2015. After that, it tried to attract smartphone-loving shoppers by opening Sprint wireless carrier shops within 1,200 RadioShack locations. But that didn't help, either. CEO Dene Rogers said Thursday that mobile phone sales were “surprisingly poor,” especially in recent months. RadioShack said it is closing 200 stores and will evaluate its options for the remaining 1,300. Sprint Corp. said it will turn “several hundred” of the remaining locations into Sprint-only stores, but declined to give a specific number. Sprint said it will allow all its own employees at the joint stores to transfer to another Sprint store. The company said RadioShack’s bankruptcy filing and the store closures “are not material” to Sprint’s overall sales results. RadioShack, based in Fort Worth, has nearly 5,900 employees, according to bankruptcy paperwork filed on Wednesday. The company said it will try to “preserve as many jobs as possible.” Its stores are open for business, but RadioShack said that anything sold at them cannot be returned for a refund. Its website, however, will continue to accept returns on items bought from RadioShack.com. The company said that those holding a RadioShack gift card have until April 7 to spend it at stores. RadioShack has faced an increasingly competitive market in its once-signature niche, as bigger retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp. and even wireless carriers began to sell similar items. The growth of e-commerce sites such as Amazon.com also bit into RadioShack’s sales, said Joseph Feldman, senior managing director at the Telsey Advisory Group. “No consumer electronics store sells a differentiated product,” said Michael Pachter, research analyst at Wedbush Securities. “There’s nothing they sell that you need to go to their store to get.” RadioShack, which was founded in 1921, is owned by General Wireless Operations Inc., which bought the brand after its 2015 bankruptcy. New York-based hedge fund Standard General is a shareholder in General Wireless. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. A federal judge in Hawaii has blocked Trump's revised travel ban. Rex Tillerson is on his first trip to Asia as secretary of State. Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. A federal judge in Hawaii has blocked Trump's revised travel ban. Rex Tillerson is on his first trip to Asia as secretary of State. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. A federal judge in Hawaii has blocked Trump's revised travel ban. Rex Tillerson is on his first trip to Asia as secretary of State. Trump has proposed dramatic cuts in his budget blueprint. Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca was found guilty of obstructing justice. A federal judge in Hawaii has blocked Trump's revised travel ban. Rex Tillerson is on his first trip to Asia as secretary of State. Caption Family members wait for release of Andrew Leander Wilson after 32 years of incarceration Andrew Leander Wilson's daughter and granddaughter wait for his release after a judge throws out his decades-old murder conviction. Andrew Leander Wilson's daughter and granddaughter wait for his release after a judge throws out his decades-old murder conviction. Caption Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca found guilty of obstruction of justice Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca speaks with reporters after he was found guilty of obstructing a federal investigation into abuses in county jails and lying to cover up the interference. (Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Former L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca speaks with reporters after he was found guilty of obstructing a federal investigation into abuses in county jails and lying to cover up the interference. (Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Caption Andrew Leander Wilson Release Andrew Leander Wilson will be released from custody after serving 32-years for a murder he said he didn't commit. Loyola Law School's Project For The Innocent argued on his behalf and today an LA Superior Court granted a request to vacate his conviction. Andrew Leander Wilson will be released from custody after serving 32-years for a murder he said he didn't commit. Loyola Law School's Project For The Innocent argued on his behalf and today an LA Superior Court granted a request to vacate his conviction. Caption President Trump's budget calls for deep cuts The Trump administration proposes dramatic cuts to the State, health and education departments while ramping up defense spending and $4 billion for construction of a border wall.  The Trump administration proposes dramatic cuts to the State, health and education departments while ramping up defense spending and $4 billion for construction of a border wall.  Times staff writer Samantha Masunaga contributed to this report. ALSO A side-by-side comparison of Obamacare and the GOP's repeal plan Strong dollar and travel ban threaten California tourism, UCLA forecast says The 25 best-paying jobs in the U.S.? Find a career in healthcare or tech UPDATES: 1 p.m.: This article was updated with information about RadioShack jobs. 10:05 a.m.: This article was updated with comments from Sprint and analysts. This article was originally published at 6:50 a.m. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Costco Wholesale Corporation Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Workers at troubled Oroville Dam need dust-control plan after cancer-causing asbestos detected Trump's 'hard power' budget makes sweeping cuts to EPA and State Department, boosts defense spending These are the 19 agencies Trump would stop funding entirely All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 52°
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 27 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Foreign-car dealers urge Congress to reject border tax Dealers of foreign cars warn that border tax could rise vehicle prices an average of nearly $2,000 Post to Facebook Foreign-car dealers urge Congress to reject border tax Dealers of foreign cars warn that border tax could rise vehicle prices an average of nearly $2,000  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2mrjCQ4 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Foreign-car dealers urge Congress to reject border tax Melissa Nann Burke, Detroit News Washington Bureau 8:10 p.m. ET March 9, 2017 27 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Washington — About 250 foreign-car dealers from around the country spread out across Capitol Hill on Thursday to meet with lawmakers and urge them to reject a House Republican plan for a new tax on imports. Members of the American International Automobile Dealers Association, which represents 9,500 franchises, told members of Congress that the border-adjustment tax would hurt sales. They point to a study by the Center for Automotive Research that the tax could lead to a 5.6 percent increase in prices in the overall market, or an estimated average of $1,970 per vehicle. “Two thousand dollars is a lot of money when it’s not related to the value of the car itself,” said Steven Germain of the Ohio-based Germain Auto Group, which has four dealerships in Ann Arbor. “People would buy fewer cars or put off buying a new car.” Germain met Thursday with Ohio lawmakers including Republican Sen. Rob Portman and Rep. Joyce Beatty, a Democrat, and said he’d be back again to press the case if need be. “Probably over 90 percent of the vehicles we sold are financed, so everybody is payment-conscious and budget-sensitive,” said David Conant, a dealer from Newport Beach, California, who called the proposal “anti-consumer.” “If you try to add $2,000 of tax to a vehicle — at no additional value — it changes the vehicle selection that people will make based on payment, and it phases out people who are just squeaking into a new vehicle.” The association said other dealers met with members of the Michigan delegation or their staff, including Sens. Debbie Stabenow, D-Lansing, and Gary Peters, D-Bloomfield Township; and Reps. Sandy Levin, D-Royal Oak; Fred Upton, R-St. Joseph; and Paul Mitchell, R-Dryden. Led by House Speaker Paul Ryan, the GOP plan would in part lift the tax on exports and impose a 20 percent tax on imported goods. Ryan argues that many other countries border-adjust their taxes. “We are hurting our manufacturing and jobs. We are putting a bias against making things in America in the tax code,” Ryan said at a news conference last month. “That is why we think this is very important. This is good manufacturing policy.” Automakers and retailers such as Wal-Mart and Target are not fans, while companies that mostly export goods have been more supportive of this type of tax. The White House has not indicated whether it supports the border-adjusted tax, although Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has said the administration is looking at it “seriously.” Cody L. Lusk, president of the dealers association, began organizing the lobbying day on the Hill about five weeks ago as chatter about the border-adjustment tax picked up among key members of Congress, including Chairman Kevin Brady of the tax-writing Ways & Means Committee. Lusk said the tax would cause prices to increase on every vehicle sold in the U.S., not just imported vehicles, due to various parts within a vehicle being manufactured or assembled elsewhere and brought into the country. “No vehicle is 100-percent American, so it’s going to cause price increases for everything, and we wanted to highlight that to members of Congress,” Lusk said, noting the most American-made car is the Toyota Camry at 70 percent. “It’s a global industry in today’s world, with a global supply chain.” In theory, the GOP tax plan assumes that a stronger dollar will offset hikes to consumer and business costs caused by the border-adjustment tax. Levin, a senior Democrat on the Ways & Means Committee, said he continues to study what the impact would be on manufacturing and consumers. “How workable is it when so much of the content of a vehicle goes back and forth between three countries. At the same time, I have a deep concern about continued movement of production to Mexico,” Levin said Thursday at the Capitol. “We’re taking a really hard look at it.” mburke@detroitnews.com (202) 662-8736 27 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2mrjCQ4 TOP VIDEOS Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54 Paul Ryan Intel senators: No indication Trump Tower was surveilled Eileen Sullivan House panel approves troubled GOP health care bill Alan Fram GOP health plan: Tax cuts for rich; hits older people hard Stephen Ohlemacher High stakes for Trump on GOP health care bill Ken Thomas and Catherine Lucey Trump’s budget: Build up military, build the wall Andrew Taylor Gov’t report: More than 12M signed up for ‘Obamacare’ Associated Press
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | America's Forum | Exclusive Interviews | Newsmax TV | Steve Malzberg Show | Steve Forbes | stocks Steve Forbes to Newsmax TV: Stocks Bullish on Tax Reform Please enable Javascript to watch this video (AP file) By Rob Williams   |   Thursday, 09 Mar 2017 06:17 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Steve Forbes, chairman and editor-in-chief of Forbes Media, told Newsmax TV that he is optimistic that stocks have room to reach new records as President Donald Trump pushes forward with his pledge to cut taxes and regulation. “Markets always try to anticipate the future. One of the reasons it had such a big surge since the election, especially small-cap stocks, is in anticipation of deregulation which the president started and I think he's going to follow through on that,” Forbes said Thursday to Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV's "America Talks Live." The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose as much as 16 percent to record highs since Trump’s election victory on Nov. 8, with banks like Goldman Sachs Group Inc. climbing 40 percent on the possibility of less onerous financial regulation. The Russell 2000 index of small-cap companies climbed 19 percent by last week but has since settled back at levels first reached in early December. “It's going to take a lot of relentless work especially with Congress and these agencies, by gaining a good tax bill that's the next big thing on the table and start to repair our broken healthcare system,” Forbes said. “You get that corporate tax rate from 35 percent down to 15 percent, that automatically raises your profits 20 percent.” Watch Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV: Tune in beginning at 12 PM ET to "America Talks Live" — on FiOS 115/615, YouTube Livestream, Newsmax TV App from any smartphone, NewsmaxTV.com, Roku, Amazon Fire — More Systems Here Republicans lawmakers this week took steps to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Conservative and moderate members of the GOP have criticized parts of the plan, which also faces strong Democratic opposition. After changes to healthcare, Republicans plan to turn to tax reform later in the year. Forbes is against the idea of taxing imported goods and subsidizing exports as a way to protect U.S. workers from trade deals that have encouraged companies to send factories overseas. "It's ridiculous. It's a step to value added tax and value added taxes hit the very people who have elected Donald Trump president," Forbes said. "It's going to raise the cost of gasoline for millions of motors 30 cents a gallon, raise the cost of vehicles $2,500, raise the cost of stuff you buy at Wal-Mart and Kmart. Do you want to do that to finance a corporate tax cut? Oh, I can see the Democrat ads on this already." Forbes said Trump appears committed to the growth message that guided his campaign, which included economic advisers like Larry Kudlow and Stephen Moore recommending tax reform to create better incentives for growth. "People like Larry Kudlow will be weighing in through the public media or whatever so his advice will be on the table," Forbes said. "The president is going to push this pro-growth agenda. If he pushes it, people working for him will fall in line. That's the nice thing. You set the tone, they will follow." Related Stories: Steve Forbes: Border Tax 'Ridiculous,' Hits Those Who Voted for Trump Steve Forbes: AHCA Needs Transparency Steve Forbes: Make Tax Reform 'Retroactive to January 1st'  © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Steve Forbes, chairman and editor-in-chief of Forbes Media, is optimistic that stocks have room to reach new records as President Donald Trump pushes forward with his pledge to cut taxes and regulation."Markets always try to anticipate the future. One of the reasons it had... Steve Forbes, stocks, tax, market 499 Thursday, 09 Mar 2017 06:17 PM 2017-17-09 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: CBO's Estimates Misjudge Benefits of Tax Cuts Tuesday, 14 Mar 2017 | 62 comments I think that has been the case since the Clinton impeachment.... Home Depot Co-Founder Ken Langone: Trump Could Be 'One of Our Greatest Presidents Ever' Monday, 13 Mar 2017 | 54 comments Once we can rid ourselves of the weak-kneed RINOS that continue to reside... Trump Economic Adviser Gary Cohn: Robust Jobs Report 'Reaffirms Everything That We're Trying to Do' Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 28 comments In the last 6 years we had many months with higher increases than 235,000... Americans Aren't Filing Their Taxes This Year Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 27 comments Reason number 1. (not theory) Taxes have become ridiculously hard to file.... US Economy Adds 235,000 New Jobs in January: Labor Department Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 24 comments This won't get much press coverage - the press likes it when the USA is... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Attorney general hosting shred day in Hattiesburg - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Attorney general hosting shred day in Hattiesburg 2017-03-09T18:47:50Z2017-03-09T19:33:27Z By Jac Bedrossian, Reporter Email Connect jbedrossian@wdam.com Source: WDAM HATTIESBURG, MS (WDAM) - The attorney general is hosting a community shred day in Hattiesburg Friday.  Jim Hood, is asking the public to come shred any unwanted documents with personal information.  This effort is an attempt to reduce the high rate of identity theft in the state. The Attorney General's Director of the Consumer Protection Division said that many people aren't aware that they are putting themselves at risk.  "When we go to pay our bills, we send one portion to the creditors and we put the other in the trash," said Bridgette Wiggins. "A lot of people don't realize those portions have important information that scammers can use to steal our identities." The event will be at the Walmart on U.S. Hwy 98 from 8 a.m. to noon. Wiggins said to get there early, because once the truck is full of shredded documents they can't do anymore work. There will also be a shredding station in Jackson on Friday at the Home Depot on I-55 N from 7:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.. On Saturday, the Diberville Walmart will shred from 8 a.m. to noon. Copyright WDAM 2017. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Officer-involved shooting leaves one man dead Officer-involved shooting leaves one man dead Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 9:29 PM EDT2017-03-17 01:29:37 GMT Tennessee Bureau of Investigation is on the scene of an officer-involved shooting in Crockett County. More >> Tennessee Bureau of Investigation is on the scene of an officer-involved shooting in Crockett County.More >> Oxford chef named as a finalist for a James Beard Award Oxford chef named as a finalist for a James Beard Award Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 9:00 PM EDT2017-03-17 01:00:05 GMT (SOURCE: Oxford Eagle) An Oxford chef who was just named a James Beard Award finalist. More >> An Oxford chef who was just named a James Beard Award finalist.More >> Suspects on the run after carjacking at UofM Suspects on the run after carjacking at UofM Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:59 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:59:44 GMT UofM campus (Source: WMC Action News 5) Memphis Police Department is looking for three men responsible for a carjacking that happened on University of Memphis's campus Wednesday night.More >> Memphis Police Department is looking for three men responsible for a carjacking that happened on University of Memphis's campus Wednesday night.More >> 'Bigger Smiles' grant to give the gift of reading to Hardeman County 'Bigger Smiles' grant to give the gift of reading to Hardeman County Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:59 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:59:08 GMT SOURCE: Cathy Mayfield The Hardeman County Imagination Library is a recipient of one of the 19 Bigger Smile grants awarded to Imagination Library programs in selected counties across the state.More >> The Hardeman County Imagination Library is a recipient of one of the 19 Bigger Smile grants awarded to Imagination Library programs in selected counties across the state.More >> Man shot in Cook Out parking lot Man shot in Cook Out parking lot Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:58 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:58:38 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A man was shot in the parking lot at one of Memphis' newest fast food restaurants. More >> A man was shot in the parking lot at one of Memphis' newest fast food restaurants.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> April the Giraffe Giraffe watch: April's baby repositioning Giraffe watch: April's baby repositioning Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 5:40 PM EDT2017-03-16 21:40:36 GMT Though the park didn't specify what behavior they were referring to, some live feed watchers said April got into a ball and also seemed very uncomfortable.More >> Though the park didn't specify what behavior they were referring to, some live feed watchers said April got into a ball and also seemed very uncomfortable.More >> GRAPHIC: Man's hands, feet amputated after strep throat GRAPHIC: Man's hands, feet amputated after strep throat Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 2:20 AM EDT2017-03-16 06:20:55 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 11:45 AM EDT2017-03-16 15:45:54 GMT The rare case of strep throat almost killed the man and started causing his organs to fail before doctors could figure out what the disease was.More >> The rare case of strep throat almost killed the man and started causing his organs to fail before doctors could figure out what the disease was.More >> Teen finds 7.44 carat 'Superman's Diamond' at state park Teen finds 7.44 carat 'Superman's Diamond' at state park Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 12:22 PM EDT2017-03-16 16:22:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 4:43 PM EDT2017-03-16 20:43:30 GMT Kalel Langford with the 7.44 carat diamond he found. (Source: Crater of Diamonds State Park) When a 14-year-old baseball player traveled to south Arkansas to play on a diamond, little did he know he would leave with one.More >> When a 14-year-old baseball player traveled to south Arkansas to play on a diamond, little did he know he would leave with one.More >> Police: Homeowner fatally shoots home invasion suspect, 2nd suspect arrested Police: Homeowner fatally shoots home invasion suspect, 2nd suspect arrested Updated: Wednesday, March 15 2017 10:29 PM EDT2017-03-16 02:29:56 GMT Source: Live 5 News Police say a fatal shooting Tuesday night at a Moncks Corner home was justified because the homeowner was protecing his family from a home invasion.More >> Police say a fatal shooting Tuesday night at a Moncks Corner home was justified because the homeowner was protecting his family from a home invasion.More >> If you get a call from these area codes, don't respond If you get a call from these area codes, don't respond Updated: Sunday, March 12 2017 7:15 PM EDT2017-03-12 23:15:07 GMT Source: WDAM Scammers are always coming up with different ways to take your hard-earned cash, especially with smart phones and changing technology.  Now, there are over 35 area codes you need to be aware of before you pick-up your next phone call. More >> Scammers are always coming up with different ways to take your hard-earned cash, especially with smart phones and changing technology.  Now, there are over 35 area codes you need to be aware of before you pick-up your next phone call.More >> AMBER Alert: TBI 'extremely concerned' about missing teenager; Arrest warrant issued for suspect AMBER Alert: TBI 'extremely concerned' about missing teenager; Arrest warrant issued for suspect Posted: Tuesday, March 14 2017 5:43 PM EDT2017-03-14 21:43:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:55 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:55:04 GMT Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas was reported missing on Monday. (Source: TBI) The TBI has upgraded its Endangered Child Alert to a statewide AMBER Alert for 15-year-old Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas of Columbia. More >> The TBI has upgraded its Endangered Child Alert to a statewide AMBER Alert for 15-year-old Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas of Columbia.More >> TBI: 'Alarmingly low' number of leads received for missing teen TBI: 'Alarmingly low' number of leads received for missing teen Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 5:27 PM EDT2017-03-16 21:27:59 GMT Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas (L) and Tad Cummins (R) (Souce: TBI) The man accused of abducting a 15-year-old girl was a teacher who spent a lot of time grooming her to be his victim, according to Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.More >> The man accused of abducting a 15-year-old girl was a teacher who spent a lot of time grooming her to be his victim, according to Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.More >> Pastor: 'She was crawling on the ground, fighting for her life' Pastor: 'She was crawling on the ground, fighting for her life' Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 11:27 AM EDT2017-03-16 15:27:21 GMT Richmond, a local Pastor at a church on 16th Street, witnessed a woman fighting for her life Tuesday afternoon right outside her church.More >> Richmond, a local Pastor at a church on 16th Street, witnessed a woman fighting for her life Tuesday afternoon right outside her church.More >> Parent: Midlands soccer coach suspended after 'life lessons' speech to students Parent: Midlands soccer coach suspended after 'life lessons' speech to students Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:25 AM EDT2017-03-16 10:25:45 GMT (Source: MidlandsHighSchoolSports.com) Some parents at one Midlands high school are wondering what happened to a popular soccer coach and why. More >> Some parents at one Midlands high school are wondering what happened to a popular soccer coach and why.More >> Forgotten stash of marijuana donated to Goodwill Forgotten stash of marijuana donated to Goodwill Posted: Wednesday, March 15 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-16 02:36:46 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 15 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-16 02:36:46 GMT Someone donated a cooler to a Goodwill store in Washington that contained five large bags of marijuana. More >> Someone donated a cooler to a Goodwill store in Washington that contained five large bags of marijuana.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
skip to main content NPR News & Classical Music Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Connecticut News Long Island News New England News Collaborative National and International News News and Talk Programs Essays by David Bouchier Music Classical Music Highlights Music Programs Interviews Sunday Baroque Music Playlist Search Programs News and Talk Programs Music Programs Entertainment Programs Schedule Calendar About Us WSHU Mission Frequencies and Locations Underwriting Standards Community Advisory Board Annual Reports to Listeners Program Policy Statements CPB Reporting Jobs at WSHU Contact Us Support WSHU Pledge Now Individual Giving Matching Gifts WSHU Broadcast Society WSHU Leadership Circle Legacy Giving Foundation Support Local News Initiative Fund New Media Initiative Fund Corporate Sponsorship Update Giving Information Vehicle Donation Search Menu Home News Connecticut News Long Island News New England News Collaborative National and International News News and Talk Programs Essays by David Bouchier Music Classical Music Highlights Music Programs Interviews Sunday Baroque Music Playlist Search Programs News and Talk Programs Music Programs Entertainment Programs Schedule Calendar About Us WSHU Mission Frequencies and Locations Underwriting Standards Community Advisory Board Annual Reports to Listeners Program Policy Statements CPB Reporting Jobs at WSHU Contact Us Support WSHU Pledge Now Individual Giving Matching Gifts WSHU Broadcast Society WSHU Leadership Circle Legacy Giving Foundation Support Local News Initiative Fund New Media Initiative Fund Corporate Sponsorship Update Giving Information Vehicle Donation Search Listen Live 91.1 WSHU 1260 WSHU 89.9 WSUF 103.3 WQQQ Classical Music Sunday Baroque Lawmakers Split On Proposed Third Casino For Connecticut By Davis Dunavin • Mar 9, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Gene J. Puskar / AP Connecticut’s two Native American tribes made their case in Hartford Thursday for a new casino they would jointly own and operate. That casino would be in East Windsor, and it would be smaller than the state’s two existing casinos. But some lawmakers on the Public Safety and Security Committee are skeptical of another casino in the state. The Mashantucket Pequot and Mohegan Tribes say they’re worried about a new MGM casino opening in Springfield, Massachusetts, just across the state line. East Windsor town officials were one of several towns to bid for the casino. State Representative Daniel Rovero, D-Killingly, told spokesmen for the tribes that residents of East Windsor should have a say. “You think that five people in the town of East Windsor should be able to make the decision for everybody? This is not like building a Walmart. There’s a lot of drawbacks to the gaming industry, let’s face it.” East Windsor First Selectman Bob Maynard said that as first selectman, it’s his right to make decisions on behalf of the town. Maynard said the tribes’ deal with East Windsor would give the town more than $8 million a year in tax and other payments, and a casino would bring a lot more than that in tourism and other business. “If you want to see a rebirth in the north central area of Connecticut, then you have to enable to entrust the people who live in Connecticut and care about Connecticut to do their job.” The tribes say a third casino will create new jobs and taxes for the state. The public safety committee is considering a bill that would give state approval to the casino. Critics of the casino say they’re skeptical the state would be able to raise much money out of the casino, considering revenues from the state’s other casinos are dropping. Tags:  Connecticut gambling casinos Mashantucket Pequot Mohegan TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Gov. Malloy Seeks Legal Opinion Before Committing To Third Casino By Ebong Udoma • Mar 3, 2017 Jessica Hill / AP Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy wants an opinion from State Attorney General George Jepsen before committing to sign legislation that would allow for a Native American casino in East Windsor. Arms Race Over Casino Revenue Breaks Out Between Connecticut and Massachusetts By Craig Lemoult/WGBH • Apr 21, 2016 Craig LeMoult / WGBH Listen Listening... / 3:51 Michael Mathis climbed the stairs and opened a door onto the roof of 101 State St. in downtown Springfield, overlooking a construction site he says will be one of the largest private developments in Western Massachusetts’ history — MGM Springfield, a planned 14-acre resort casino. Casinos Divide Opinions In Long Island Communities By Joe Ryder • Feb 16, 2016 (AP Photo/Garry Jones) There’s an ongoing controversy over the siting of two casinos on Long Island. Both Nassau and Suffolk OTB would operate Video Lottery Terminal casinos, which include slot machines and table games played on screens. While both county executives support the VLT casinos, residents are torn about the impact they will have on their communities. One of the proposed casinos would be built at Belmont Park.  © 2017 WSHU Contact Us Privacy Policy EEO Documentation CPB Report FCC Public Files Contest Rules
Friday, March 17, 2017 4:32 AM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause What’s a president to do? March 09 2017 09:58 PM Opinion RELATED STORIES Milan and Juventus bosses impressed with Aspire Academy Duterte wants media as ‘watchdog and partner’ Putin accuses France of playing tricks with Syria resolution Handling troublesome worker Trump and congressional Republicans are learning that replacing Obamacare is easier said than done. Text Size: A A A By Barry Eichengreen Seoul Broad-based spending cuts to match broad-based income-tax reductions are not politically feasible Donald Trump took office promising a raft of sweeping economic-policy changes for the US. He has quickly discovered, like previous US presidents, that America’s political system is designed to prevent rapid, large-scale change, by interposing formidable institutional obstacles, from the Congress and career civil servants to state governments and the courts. Start with reform of personal income tax. This should be a slam-dunk, because the president and congressional Republican leaders are on the same page. Trump’s goal of removing the government’s groping hand from Americans’ pockets, by cutting the top marginal tax rate on ordinary income from 39.5% to 33%, is entirely consistent with mainstream Republican ideology, according to which high tax rates penalise success and stifle innovation. But, to be politically viable, significant tax cuts for the wealthy would have to be accompanied by at least token tax cuts for the middle class. And broad-based tax cuts would blow a hole in the budget and excite congressional deficit hawks, of whom there are still a few. One can imagine closing loopholes to render rate cuts revenue neutral. But one person’s loophole is another’s entitlement. Even if there are economic arguments for eliminating, say, the deductibility of mortgage interest payments, imagine the howls of protest from homeowners, including many Trump voters, who borrowed to purchase their houses. Imagine the reaction of Trump’s friends in real estate. Cuts on the spending side would assuage the deficit hawks. And big cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency, the US Agency for International Development, and National Public Radio are high on the Republican hit list. But the vast majority of federal spending is on entitlements, the military, and other proverbial “third rail” items that elected officials touch at their peril. Simply put, broad-based spending cuts to match broad-based income-tax reductions are not politically feasible. Eliminating federal subsidies for health insurance coverage under the Affordable Care Act (“Obamacare”) would save the government a little over $100bn a year, about 3% of federal spending. But those subsidies are largely paid for by their own dedicated taxes. Moreover, Trump and congressional Republicans are learning that replacing Obamacare is easier said than done. Healthcare reform, as Hillary Clinton could have told them, is fearsomely complex. It is increasingly clear that the name will change (“Trumpcare,” anyone?), and it can be expected that the Republican plan will cover fewer people; but much of the substance will remain the same. Because corporate taxes are less significant in terms of overall federal revenue, rate cutting doesn’t pose a comparable threat to the budget balance. But here there is no agreement between Congress and the Trump administration on the form such cuts should take. House Speaker Paul Ryan and others favour moving to a border adjustment tax that would tax corporate cash flows regardless of where the goods sold by US companies are produced, while exempting exports. Others, such as Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, are evidently sceptical. And an important part of Trump’s business constituency – import-dependent retailers like Target and Walmart – are actively hostile. Agreement on a plan won’t come easily. Trump’s other flagship proposal is a $tn infrastructure programme. But this initiative will run headlong into deficit concerns, and it is fundamentally at odds with Republican scepticism about big government, and specifically about the public sector’s capacity to carry out investment plans efficiently. Trump will want to be able to point to a few signature projects. He will want his border wall with Mexico. But any new federal infrastructure spending is likely to be more symbolic than real. So what will an impatient president, frustrated and hemmed in on all sides, do? First, Trump will focus on the one set of economic policies a president can pursue without close congressional cooperation, namely those affecting trade. He can invoke the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, restricting imports on the grounds that they threaten US “material interests.” He can invoke the International Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977 on the grounds that the loss of jobs to Mexico and China constitutes an economic emergency. He can even invoke the Trading with the Enemy Act of 1917 on the grounds that the US has Special Forces active in the Middle East. Second, Trump will respond, as populists do, by attempting to distract attention from his failure to deliver the economic goods. This means directing his ire and that of his supporters towards others – whether internal enemies like the press, the intelligence community, and Barack Obama, or external adversaries like the Islamic State and China. It wouldn’t be the first time a politician used a domestic political crusade or a foreign policy adventure to divert attention from his economic failures. We have already seen Trump’s tendency to lash out at perceived enemies, foreign and domestic. And we know that this confrontational style is the modus operandi of senior White House advisers like Stephen Bannon and Stephen Miller. We can hope that cooler heads prevail. But, given the constraints on implementing Trump’s economic agenda, it’s hard to be optimistic. – Project Syndicate *Barry Eichengreen is a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of Cambridge. His latest book is Hall of Mirrors: The Great Depression, the Great Recession, and the Uses – and Misuses – of History. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Libyan oil wars and the battle for Tripoli READ MORE ‘Brand Modi’ gets thumbs up as BJP sweeps India polls READ MORE The United Europe of tomorrow? READ MORE Can aid come in time to avert famine in Somalia? READ MORE A bright new dawn for Formula One season in Australia READ MORE Ivanka complicit in her dad’s mission READ MORE Fillon dogged by past statements READ MORE Climate change ‘is making people sick’ READ MORE What Dutch parliament elections are all about READ MORE play pause Top News New law lets over 5,000 change jobs 3/17/2017 12:04:57 AM Canadian embassy donates books to French Institute 3/16/2017 9:32:37 PM Qatar bourse gains 69 points on strong buying interests 3/16/2017 7:38:10 PM Indian police say murdered Irish woman also raped 3/16/2017 6:34:24 PM Dutchman gets 11-year sentence in sex cyberbully case 3/16/2017 5:08:37 PM POPULAR LATEST Headphone batteries explode on flight to Australia International Mar 15, 2017 Scores of workers stranded without salaries repatriated Qatar Mar 15, 2017 More than 2,000 drivers booked for parking violations Qatar Mar 15, 2017 Protest in Abuja International Mar 16, 2017 Rain and strong winds expected in Qatar on Friday Qatar Mar 16, 2017 Windy conditions forecast for today Qatar Mar 16, 2017 Valverde, Unzue primed for Barca job as Sampaoli’s star fades Sport Mar 15, 2017 New law lets over 5,000 change jobs Qatar Mar 17, 2017 Morocco king to replace premier to end political impasse Region Mar 16, 2017 Protest in Abuja US/Latin America Mar 16, 2017 FTSE Russel to double the weight of 20 QSE firms from March 20 Business Mar 16, 2017 Soria extends Al Rayyan stay Sport Mar 16, 2017 Qadar (destiny) – the sixth pillar of Faith Environment Mar 16, 2017 Libyan oil wars and the battle for Tripoli Opinion Mar 16, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Aspire Splash and Dash 19/3/2017 Fitness training 19/3/2017 Revival of Qatar's musical heritage and Qatari Folk singing program 17/3/2017 JR Répertoire exhibition 17/3/2017 Imperial Threads: Motifs and artisans from Turkey, Iran and India 17/3/2017 Picasso-Giacometti exhibition 17/3/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Thursday, March 16, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 40°F Clear Thursday, March 16, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Man arrested in robbery at Danville Burger King share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local Headed to prison — 15 years later Tate: What is Walker's next move? Garth Brooks: 4 shows scheduled in 3 days Just 1 Question: Learning Latin at Countryside School × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Man arrested in robbery at Danville Burger King Thu, 03/09/2017 - 1:15pm | Tracy Crane Photo by: Vermilion County Jail Winston Douglas DANVILLE — Danville police have arrested a man in connection with the Tuesday night robbery of the Burger King in north Danville. Police Cmdr. Josh Webb said officers found Winston Douglas, 25, of Danville early Wednesday in the area of the Heritage Trace subdivision, which is directly north of where the robbery occurred. Douglas was taken to the Public Safety Building for questioning, according to Webb, and later in the day, he was arrested and booked on a preliminary charge of aggravated robbery. He is being held in the Vermilion County Jail awaiting arraignment. Shortly before midnight Tuesday, police responded to a report of a robbery at Burger King, 18 E. West Newell Road, in the Danville Crossing shopping complex that includes Wal-Mart. According to police, as officers arrived, a subject fled the business and ran north across West Newell Road into the woods, which is in the direction of Heritage Trace. Burger King employees told police that the robber, who had his face covered, entered the business, demanded money and took an undisclosed amount of cash. No weapon was displayed, according to police. The investigation is continuing, so Webb would not disclose details about the investigation or the search that resulted in the arrest of Douglas. Webb said Danville police are seeking assistance from anyone who may have witnessed the robbery or had contact with any suspicious persons in that area Tuesday night or early Wednesday. Police ask anyone with information to call them at 217-431-2250 or Vermilion County Crime Stoppers at 217-446-TIPS (8477). Sections (2):News, Local Topics (1):Courts, Police, Fire More Local Headed to prison — 15 years later Tate: What is Walker's next move? Garth Brooks: 4 shows scheduled in 3 days Just 1 Question: Learning Latin at Countryside School More Local Headed to prison — 15 years later Tate: What is Walker's next move? Garth Brooks: 4 shows scheduled in 3 days Just 1 Question: Learning Latin at Countryside School Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Ex-cashier admits stealing $13 million from monuments firm Suspect in triple homicide waives extradition Trump calls for privatizing air traffic control operations Trump's allies melting away on wiretapping claims Trump budget slashes agencies to focus on wall, defense Trump travel ban suffers 2nd setback in Maryland court Yahoo breach spotlights links between Russian spies, hackers Tillerson says N. Korea 'need not fear' U.S. Dutch look to coalition talks after Rutte wins election Infant pulled from car in lake near St. Louis More Local News Most Viewed News Death of Centennial High student investigated 'No hurt can come to him where he is now' Emotions raw at vigil for Centennial student Police: Probe continues into student's death Seeking answers in Centennial student's death Most Commented News Shimkus stands by remarks on men paying for prenatal care Seeking answers in Centennial student's death Tate: Whitman shows he has what it takes with Groce's firing Tate: What is Walker's next move? 'No hurt can come to him where he is now' Trending Now Seeking answers in Centennial student's death Death of Centennial High student investigated Teen gets 3 years for Facebook Live shooting threat Smith: 'I was disappointed to see him go' Tate: What is Walker's next move? Multiple crashes on I-72 Police: Probe continues into student's death Illini will play Boise State on Monday All eyes on Whitman as search continues UPDATE: Bollant says 'storm affected us' What killed Bob Grossman? Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
GoSearch Replay: WGNT at 7 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 42° 42° Low 29° High 46° Fri 42° 53° Sat 41° 62° Sun 39° 51° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Rise of Amazon leaves even more retailers in intensive care Posted 1:18 pm, March 9, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email A growing number of traditional American retailers are in intensive care — and Amazon put many of them there. The number of distressed U.S. retailers has tripled since the Great Recession and now stands at the highest level since the end of the downturn, according to a recent Moody’s Investors Service report. These companies are grappling with intense competition, “erratic management” and limited financial flexibility, Moody’s said. The 19 retail and clothing companies on the distressed list include Sears and Kmart owner Sears Holdings, J. Crew, Payless, Claire’s, Rue21 and True Religion. The report is a sobering reminder of the consequences of the rise of e-commerce, especially Amazon. “It’s been a downward spiral for traditional retailers,” said Christian Magoon, CEO of Amplify ETFs, which last year launched a fund that tracks online-focused retailers. “The model of online retailers is winning out. They are more competitive on pricing, they have better selection, and their convenience level is quite high,” Magoon said. Online retailers are also free of the substantial real-estate and labor costs that weigh down brick-and-mortar stores. Recent weeks have provided new evidence of the struggles of traditional retail. Sears stock recently plunged to an all-time low, JCPenney announced plans to shutter up to 140 stores, and Target shocked Wall Street with terrible holiday sales. All that comes on the heels of tens of thousands of retail layoffs and the bankruptcies of RadioShack and Sports Authority over the past two years. It’s no wonder the Amplify Online Retail ETF has vastly outperformed its physical peers. The online ETF is up 18% since its debut last April, compared with a 4% decline for the broader SPDR S&P Retail ETF, which tracks mostly traditional retailers. So will more retailers go the way of RadioShack? Moody’s said the key is that the 19 distressed retailers have “stressed liquidity,” meaning they may have trouble quickly accessing cash should they need it. That’s a big deal because these struggling retailers owe a combined $3.7 billion in debt over the next five years. Nearly a third of it is due by the end of next year. Moody’s warned that a poorly timed debt maturity could “quickly trigger default” for a company that has limited financial flexibility. For now, even struggling retailers can turn to the bond market to borrow money and roll over their debt. But Moody’s said that “could change abruptly” if U.S. interest rates rise rapidly or sentiment shifts. The other clothing companies on the distressed list are Gymboree, Nine West, NYDJ Apparel, Toms Shoes, David’s Bridal and Totes. The other retailers are Fairway Market, Tops, Bon-Ton Stores, 99 Cents Only Stores, Savers thrift stores, Tucker Rocky and Charming Charlie. The financial trouble threatens to infect even healthier retailers. That’s because struggling retailers are forced to offer big sales to lure in shoppers. Sometimes these companies offer “irrational” discounts that drag stronger rivals “into a race to the bottom,” Moody’s wrote. Traditional stores can be threatened even more if financial stress causes some retailers to liquidate their inventory or even resort to going-out-of-business sales. Brick-and-mortar stores like Macy’s and Best Buy have been forced to adapt by spending heavily on upgrading their online platforms that now make up much of their growth. Even retail king Walmart has shelled out billions to acquire e-commerce players like Jet.com. Even though analysts don’t doubt the transformative impact of e-commerce, it actually only accounted for 8.1% of total retail sales in 2016, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. However, e-commerce sales are growing rapidly and its market share has doubled since 2009. There are other drivers of the financial stress for traditional retailers as well. Moody’s also pointed the finger at the private-equity practice known as leveraged buyouts. This practice saddles companies with heavy amounts of debt to pay for their own takeover. For instance, Moody’s noted that retailers like Claire’s and J. Crew are dealing with “weak” balance sheets after takeovers that required them to take on lots of debt. Filed in: News Topics: Amazon, Shopping Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Team 3 Professionals Visit them today! Popular Toddler found dead on porch after wandering out of North Carolina home Suffolk teachers threaten to quit after Superintendent gets 13 percent raise ‘Oh, just leave her’; Mother abandons 2-year-old in busy grocery store Man killed daughters before telling wife to ‘live and suffer’ Latest News 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears Driver arrested after 4 Chinese immigrants found crammed in trunk USA Gymnastics CEO resigns amid ex-team doctor’s sexual abuse scandal Three adults, one child displaced after Newport News fire News Sears sells Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker News Politics Sears, Kmart remove Trump-branded items from website News Target has terrible holiday earnings, warns of awful 2017 News JCPenney to close up to 140 stores News Here’s why Amazon might buy a big retailer Good News News Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs News Neiman Marcus is up for sale News JCPenney, Kohl’s, Macy’s and Sears sued over misleading prices News The Limited just shut all of its stores Consumer Reports News Taking Action Consumer Reports: The best and worst stores for gift returns News Suspect OKs Amazon to hand over Echo recordings in murder case News Amazon says it will create 100,000 jobs across the U.S. News Amazon opens a grocery store with no checkout line Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Why E.L.F. Beauty's Inventory Build In Q4 Is A Good Thing Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 09, 2017 1:05pm   Comments Share: Related 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Thursday Mid-Day Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 2%; Comtech Shares Spike Higher Winners and losers from the retail sales report (Seeking Alpha) Higher inventory is always considered as a negative for any company, but e.l.f. Beauty Inc (NYSE: ELF)’s heavier than expected inventory at the end of its fourth quarter is good. The cosmetics firm said it was a calculated move to increase supply of its fastest moving items, and should help with out-of-stocks at retailers, which has led to lost sales in the past. e.l.f. Beauty delivered a strong fourth quarter EPS print, beating consensus by $0.06 driven by higher-than-expected top-line growth and gross margin expansion. “We remain Outperform rated based on ELF's unmatched 20% sales growth algorithm, value proposition (retail for <$6), loyal and attractive consumer base, and considerable white space in existing and new account,” analyst BMO Capital analyst Shannon Coyne wrote in a note. Coyne is also positive on the expanded shelf space at Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) at over 50 percent as it sets the stage for further sales growth. The company also expanded its international presence in the fourth quarter, adding 150 new Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) locations in Mexico, as well as opened four new retail stores, including its first LA store. Meanwhile, e.l.f. Beauty provided initial guidance for FY2017 ahead of consensus expectations, with a top line of $285-$295 million (vs. $281 million consensus estimate), and adj. EPS of $0.40-0.43 (vs. $0.36 consensus). “After introducing 90 new products in FY2016, innovation should remain key to further GM expansion, with a strong product pipeline projected in FY2017,” Coyne added. At last check, shares of e.l.f. Beauty climbed 14.23 percent to $28.90. Coyne raised the price target by $2 to $38. See Also: 10 Must Watch Stocks for Today Biotech, Ciena, Nike, Panera: Fast Money Picks For March 9 Latest Ratings for ELF Date Firm Action From To Dec 2016 BMO Capital Initiates Coverage On Outperform Oct 2016 Morgan Stanley Initiates Coverage On Equal-Weight Oct 2016 William Blair Initiates Coverage On Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for ELF View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: BMO CapitalAnalyst Color Earnings News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (TGT + ELF) The Hypothetical Case For A Mattel-Hasbro Merger Dan Nathan Sees Unusual Options Activity In Target 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Thursday Mid-Day Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 2%; Comtech Shares Spike Higher Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Edge Higher; Staples Earnings Miss Views E.L.F. Beauty Increases Shelf Space At Target Over 50% View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on ELF Trending Recent 1 DLTR, BIOC: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 ORCL, GMED: 22 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 SPY, V: The Federal Funds Rate And How It Impacts You 4 INTC, BBRY: Big Winner Of Intel-Mobileye Deal: Blackberry? 5 CBS: Madness: CBS Sports Bracket Website Is Do... 6 CAL, TSLA: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 16, 2017 7 EVRI, A: Benzinga's Top Upgra... 1 SBUX, QSR: 4 Lessons Latin American Startups Can Teach U.S. Businesses In The Trump Era 2 WFT, HAL: Vetr Downgrades Weatherford Following CEO Announcement 3 PNRA: Vetr Downgrades Panera To Sell 4 GPRO: GoPro Gets Serious About Bottom Line, Remains In A ... 5 AXL, INFY: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From March 16 6 GLD: Todd Gordon's SPDR Gold Trust ETF Trade 7 ADBE: Adobe Surges After Record Beat View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Facebook Takes A Page Out Of Snap's Book... Again Rumors Abound The iPhone 8 May Be Delayed: Winners And Losers
Increasing Adoption of 2D Barcodes is Driving the Global Barcode Scanner Market: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global barcode scanner market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global barcode scanner market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 09, 2017 01:03 PM Eastern Standard Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global barcode scanner market is projected to grow to USD 6.3 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of more than 4% over the forecast period. This research report titled ‘Global Barcode Scanner Market 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes an up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions.   Barcode scanners are electronic devices capable of reading printed barcodes. The barcode scanner market is currently witnessing a surge in growth due to the increasing adoption of 2D barcodes such as quick response (QR) codes, data matrix codes, and portable data file (PDF) 417 codes.   Retail, healthcare, transportation, and logistics are some of the key adopters of the technology. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=55284 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Based on product type, the report categorizes the global barcode scanner market into the following segments: Mobile computers Handheld barcode scanners Self-checkout barcode scanners POS retail barcode scanners The top three revenue-generating product segments in the global barcode scanner market are discussed below: Mobile computers “Mobile computers are the most popular offering of the barcode scanners market, generating over 56% of the overall revenue. From tracking inventory to supporting field technicians, mobile computers can increase the efficiency and productivity of any business, leading to their increasing adoption,” says Chetan Mohan, a lead analyst at Technavio for embedded systems research. Mobile computers are portable barcode readers used to capture real time data for specific businesses and increase the speed, accuracy, and the number of tasks performed in a fixed time period. The introduction of multipurpose mobile computers and their increasing demand in the global market has resulted in the growth of the barcode scanners market. Handheld barcode scanners Handheld barcode scanners are utilized to make optimal resource utilization through asset tracking and inventory management. These portable barcode scanners are lightweight and compact, which makes them suitable to cover large areas in places like warehouses. Also, the handheld portable barcode scanners are very affordable, which has led to their wide-scale adoption by global retailing giants such as Wal-Mart Stores, Carrefour, Metro, and Tesco. These factors will drive the demand for handheld barcode scanners and increase the overall barcode scanning market during the forecast period. Self-checkout barcode scanners “Self-checkout barcode scanners are expected to quickly increase their market penetration, growing at a CAGR of close to 7% over the forecast period. These devices are adopted in retail self-checkout terminals to help customers to check out their products easily and save time,” says Chetan. The items checked by the customer are weighed and placed in the bagging area and then verified against the registered weight to ensure the accuracy of the final tally. Additionally, these systems accept payments through various methods, thereby eliminating the need for cashiers and driving for their increased adoption. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s research analysts in this report are: Honeywell International Zebra Technologies Datalogic Browse Related Reports: Global Quantum Dots Market 2017-2021 Global Wearable Scanner Market 2016-2020 Global Kiln Shell Scanner Market 2016-2020 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like computing devices, human machine interface, and semiconductor equipment. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global barcode scanner market is projected to grow to USD 6.3 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of more than 4% over the forecast period. #Hashtags #EmbeddedSystems #barcodescanner #Hardware #Research #Technavio $Cashtags $HNY $ZBRA Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
null
just-style home News & insights News US Q4 in brief – Cato Corp, DSW , Bon Ton, Tilly's, Genesco By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 16 March 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch booked results that missed expectations, while The Children's Place achieved what it said was a "spectacular" year. VF Corporation, meanwhile, revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the quarter, while Stein Mart moved to a loss as a result of "aggressive" promotions.  Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a net loss of US$12.8m for the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $11.8m in the year-ago period. Fourth-quarter gross margin decreased to 28.8% of sales from 36.1% of sales in 2015, primarily due to reduced merchandise margins and higher occupancy costs. Sales for the period were $218.2m, a decrease of 12% on last year's $247.3m. Same-store sales were also down 12% for the quarter. CEO John Cato said 2016 was a "very disappointing year" for the company. He added: "The overall apparel retail environment continued to be difficult and was compounded by several mistakes of our own.  We also are being impacted by the disruption caused by the growth of online sales at other retailers, resulting in lower store traffic.  In the back half of the year, we made several mistakes in our merchandise assortment, fit and timing.  This resulted in significant reductions to regular priced sales causing us to liquidate a large portion of our slow selling inventory which put severe pressure on earnings." DSW DSW said its return to year over year earnings growth continued in the fourth quarter, with net income rising 158.5% to US$30.5m, compared to $11.8m in the year-ago period. Gross profit increased by 50 bps, while total sales edged up slightly, increasing 0.4% to  $674.6m. Comparable sales meanwhile, decreased 7% compared to last year's 0.7% increase. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "After making fundamental changes to our core business last year, we are laser focused on driving comp growth through our merchandise and allocation initiatives and the elevation of our customer's digital experience." The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores saw earnings and revenue decline in the fourth quarter. The York, Pennsylvania-based company recorded net income of US$44.7m, down from $50.6m in the year-ago period. Gross margin increased 145 basis points to 36.2% compared to last year, primarily due to reduced markdowns and lower distribution costs, partially offset by deleverage from lower sales volume. Total sales in the period decreased 5.5% to $877.3m, versus $927.9m last year, while comparable store sales decreased 4.7% as compared with the prior year period. Tilly's  Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's says it is encouraged by its fourth-quarter results as earnings reached US$6.3m from $2.9m a year earlier. Gross margin dropped to 30.6% from 31.4% last year, primarily due to a 60 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns and a 20 basis point increase in buying, distribution and occupancy costs. Total sales edged up 0.7% to $160.2m, while comparable sales were up 0.1%. CEO, Ed Thomas, said: "While we are encouraged by these results, we will continue to seek ways to improve profitability and continue our progress during fiscal 2017." Genesco Genesco booked declines in both earnings and revenue during the fourth quarter. Net earnings reached US$46.5m compared to earnings of $44.7m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped 5% to $883m from $932m, reflecting the sale of the Lids Team Sports business in the fourth quarter of last year and a decrease of approximately 2% in sales from the remaining businesses. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalogue sales were flat  with an 8% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 6% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 2% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 1% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group.  Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends posted profit and sales increases in its fourth-quarter. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income increased 60% to US$5.6m, compared to $3.5m in the year-ago period. Sales were also up, increasing 5.4% to $185.5m from $176.1m last year, while comparable sales grew 3.4%.  The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the fourth quarter, with the former dropping to US$36m from $54.3m a year earlier. Revenues were down 15.7% to $280m from net sales of $332m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 16.1%. Online sales were down 8.8% to $32.2m for the 13-week period ended 28 January.  Zumiez  Zumiez said its fourth-quarter earnings performance exceeded expectations,with net income in the period ended 28 January, increasing 38.3% to US$18.2m, compared to $13.1m in the year-ago period. Net sales for the quarter were also up, increasing 8.7% to $263.6m from $242.4m, while comparable sales for the period increased 5.1% compared to a 9.5% decrease last year. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, moved to a loss in its fourth-quarter. For the period ended 31 December, net loss from continuing operations was US$4.9m, compared to net income from continuing operations of $0.7m for the prior year period. Net sales, meanwhile, were up 108% to $42m from $20.3m in the prior year period, primarily due to the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands, as well as 3% growth in Robert Graham. Gross margin fell to 51.8% compared to 59.9% last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans, which carries a lower gross margin rate as a wholesale business. Sears Holdings US retail giant Sears Holdings revealed a widening of its net loss in the quarter to US$607m from $580m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.3%, primarily attributed to lower margins in the apparel business, and an increase in promotional activities. Net revenues fell to $6.1bn from $7.3bn in the prior year quarter. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "We delivered significant Adjusted EBITDA improvement in the fourth quarter, reflecting our firm focus on profitability to offset ongoing revenue pressures. Building on this positive momentum, we are taking decisive actions to become a more agile and competitive retailer with a clear path toward profitability." Tailored Brands Tailored Brands, the former Men's Wearhouse, said it has booked a lower than expected fourth-quarter, despite driving its net loss down to US$30.1m, compared to $1.1bn last year. Retail gross margin increased 60 basis points to 39.0%, primarily as a result of "anniversarying" an $11m inventory write-down in last year's fourth-quarter. "Unfortunately, the challenging retail environment resulted in soft traffic across our retail brands, which drove lower than anticipated fourth quarter and full year net sales and gross margins," said CEO Doug Ewert. Express Express said its fourth-quarter earnings were in line with its guidance, despite net income dropping to US$22.8m from $56.1m a year earlier. Merchandise margin declined by 330 basis points, driven by increased promotional activity. Net sales fell 11% to $678.8m from $765.6m, while comparable sales (including e-commerce sales) decreased 13%. CEO David Kornberg, noted:  "Despite ongoing pressures in the retail sector, our fourth quarter earnings were in line with previously issued guidance. As expected, our store performance continued to be impacted by challenging mall traffic and a promotional retail environment. As our industry adapts to changing consumer preferences, we continue to invest in our omni-channel and marketing capabilities to ensure that we capitalize on this evolution."  The Children's Place, Inc The Children's Place has achieved what it says was a "spectacular" year thanks to significant progress on its numerous self-help initiatives. "Our product assortment, supported by a foundation of superior design, sourcing and merchandising capabilities, clearly resonated with our customers," said CEO Jane Elfers. Net income for the quarter almost doubled to US$34.2m from $17.5m a year earlier. Gross margin improved 50 basis points to 36.1% thanks to merchandise margin leverage and a higher Average Unit Retail (AUR). Net sales were up 4.5% to $520.8m on a comparable retail sales increase of 6.9%. For the full year, earnings soared 77% to $102.3m, while net sales were up 3.4% to $1.78bn. Stein Mart, Inc Stein Mart has revealed a "disappointing" fourth-quarter as the company continued to work through higher than desired inventory levels and the impact of changes to marketing, merchandising and promotions implemented during the third quarter. The company moved to a net loss of US$4.9m from earnings $6.3m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 22.8% from 26.8% a year earlier. Total sales were down 2.2% to $385.5m, while comparable store sales dropped 5.5%. CEO Hunt Hawkins, said: "With our new executive leadership now in place, 2017 will be a year of transition as we refine and organise around our strategies. Lessons learned from last year have us keenly focused on changes we need to make to our business to significantly improve management of our inventories and increase sales productivity." Weyco Group, Inc Weyco has booked a mixed fourth-quarter as earnings rose but sales fell. For the three month period, net income amounted to US$8.3m from $8.2m a year earlier. The 2015 figure included a $458,000 earnout payment relating to the company's 2011 acquisition of the BOGS/Rafters brands. Without this, earnings would have been down 9%. Net sales for the quarter were down 6% to $82.1m. Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said it was pleased with its fourth-quarter, despite booking a mixed period which saw revenues rise but earnings fall. For the 13 weeks to 28 January, net income fell 30% to US$90.2m, compared to $129m in the year-ago period. Net sales increased 10.9% to US$2.5bn, while same-store sales were up 5.3%. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will "continue to be aggressive" and evolve its business.  Black Diamond, Inc. Black Diamond has narrowed its losses in the fourth quarter, to US$1.39bn from $31.7bn a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 29.1% from 33.5%, weighed down by foreign currency headwinds. Sales were down 6% to $41.4m, due to unseasonably dry European winter conditions impacting ski product sales and the company's measured approach to scaling back its apparel line. CEO John Walbrecht, said: "While we still faced foreign exchange headwinds and margin constraints due to our manufacturing repatriation, demand for climbing and mountain products remained strong. We also continued to experience growing momentum in our direct-to-consumer and independent global distributor businesses, as both channels continue to grow in the strong double-digits." Sequential Brands Brand management company Sequential Brands narrowed its losses to US$980,000 in the fourth quarter, from $5.7m in the same period last year. Revenue for the three months to 31 December increased 44% to $45.4m, compared to $31.4m in the year-ago period. For the year ending 31 December, 2017, the company is expecting $170m to $175m in revenue. CEO Yehuda Shmidman said: "Looking ahead, despite a challenging macro retail environment, we will remain focused on growing our core business and maximising operating efficiencies, inclusive of new revenue initiatives already underway." Stage Stores Stage Stores moved to a loss in the fourth quarter and revealed a drop in sales. For the quarter ended 28 January, net loss was US$6.8m versus a profit of $21m last year. Net sales fell 9.6% to $454.4m, compared to $502.6m in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were down 8.5%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "Our fourth-quarter adjusted earnings reflect continued challenges in our oil impacted and border states, as well as the overall soft retail environment. Weak traffic led to heightened promotional activity and gross margin pressure in the quarter, yet we are pleased to end 2016 with inventory levels that are 6% lower than last year. In addition, our direct-to-consumer business grew at a double digit rate as we enhanced our customers' online experience."   Burlington Stores Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue incense in the fourth quarter, booking a 27.1% rise in net income from US$98.8m to $125.6m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 41.8%, driven by improved shortage results. Net sales were up 9.4%, or $144.9m, to $1.7bn from $1.5bn thanks to a 4.6% increase in comparable store sales and $82.1m in sales from new and non-comparable stores. For the full year, the company expects sales to increase in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%, and comparable sales to be up 2% to 3%. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Abercrombie & Fitch said its fourth-quarter results did not meet expectations, despite 2016 being a year of "significant progress" on each of its strategic priorities. Earnings were down 15.4% to US$48.8m, while gross margin narrowed 90 basis points to 59.3%. Net sales fell 7% to $1.04bn, with comparable sales for the quarter down 5%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 13% to $442.4m, while Hollister sales were down 2% to $594m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 8% to $688.2m in the US, and 5% to $348.2m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "We continued to proactively respond to the evolving retail landscape through our store closure and channel optimisation initiatives. While the environment is likely to remain challenging in 2017, we have a strong balance sheet and continue to aggressively manage costs … to position our business for sustainable growth." Croc's US footwear firm Crocs  booked revenue in-line with guidance at US$187.4m from $208.7m a year earlier. On a constant-currency basis, revenues fell 10.5%. The company reported a net loss of $40.6m, compared to a loss of $70.2m in the year ago period. CEO Gregg Ribatt said: "Our fourth quarter revenues were in line with our expectations while our adjusted gross margin rate improved by approximately 550 basis points versus prior year. This gross margin gain was less than previously anticipated due to currency and channel mix fluctuations and also to certain one-time events, however we are still on track to achieve our medium-term target for gross margins in the low 50% range." Crocs also revealed Ribbatt will step down as CEO but continue in his board role. Andrew Rees, who joined the company in June 2014 as president, will be promoted to president and CEO, effective 1 June. The company will also close aroundd 160 stores by the end of 2018, reducing its total store count from 558 to around 400.  American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a decline in both earnings and revenue for the fourth quarter, with net income slipping 33.1% to US$54.6m from $81.7m in the year ago period. Gross margin increased 30 basis points to 35.4%, compared to 35.1% last year. Total revenues decreased 1% to $1.1bn from $1.11bn in the same period last year. Consolidated comparable sales were up slightly, following a 4% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "We've made great progress, yet we have much more opportunity across the marketplace. I'm confident that the strength of our brands and focused priorities will enable us to deliver long-term returns to our shareholders." Ross Stores Ross Stores booked fourth-quarter earnings and sales that beat company expectations. Net profit grew 13.8% to US$300.6m from $264.2m last year, while total sales rose 8% to $3.5bn. Comparable store sales were up 4% versus a 4% gain in the prior year. CEO Barbara Rentler noted: "We are very pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, especially given our strong multi-year comparisons and the highly competitive and promotional holiday season. Our results continued to benefit from our ability to offer customers great values on a wide assortment of gifts and fashions for the family and the home."For the year ending 3 February, 2018, the company has forecast EPS in the range of $3.02 to $3.15, up 7% to 11% from $2.83 in fiscal 2016. Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it is pleased with the momentum in its core business after delivering what it called "solid" earnings results in the fourth quarter. For the three months ended 31 December, earnings climbed 11.5% to US$28.7m from $25.7m last year. However, the company said overall sales declined "modestly" due primarily to softness in its private label footwear and cold weather accessories businesses. Sales were down 2.3% in the period to $336.4m, compared to $344.3m last year. Gross margin expanded 260 basis points to 38.7% as compared to 36.1%. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said while the company is cautious about the overall environment, it is confident it can drive top and bottom line growth in 2017 and beyond. Target Corp US retail group Target has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on soft store traffic declines and what it calls rapidly-changing consumerbehaviour. For the three months ended 28 January, net earnings tumbled 42.7% from US$1.4bn to $817m. Sales dropped 4.3% to $20.7bn from $21.6bn, reflecting a 1.5% decline in comparable sales combined with the removal of pharmacy and clinic sales from this year's results. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 34% and contributing 1.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 26.9%, compared with 27.9% in the year ago period. The retailer said it will reveal a new financial model later today, designed to position Target for long-term, sustainable growth in "this new era in retail".  "Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behaviour, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. Foot Locker, Inc US footwear retailer Foot Locker has generated what it says is its seventh consecutive year of "meaningful" sales and profit growth as it revealed higher earnings in its fourth-quarter to US$189m from $158m a year earlier. Gross margin improved to 33.7% of sales from 33.6% a year ago, while total sales climbed 5.3% to $2.11bn. Comparable store sales increased 5%. CEO Richard Johnson, said: "Generating our seventh consecutive year of meaningful sales and profit growth is a strong testament to Foot Locker's solid position at the centre of sneaker culture. Due in part to the change in the cadence of income tax refund check distribution, we are facing a challenging retail sales environment as we enter 2017; however, we believe the strategic initiatives we have in place, coupled with our strong vendor relationships, will enable us to deliver another year of record performance." Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked fourth-quarter earnings that exceeded expectations, reflecting what it calls "continuous improvements" to its operating model. For the period ended 28 January, net earnings were up 11.7% to US$201m, from $180m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.4% to $4.2bn compared to $4.1bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.9%. Gross margin, meanwhile, improved 112 basis points, reflecting strong inventory execution in addition to reduced competitive markdowns. For the full year, the company reached record sales of $14.5bn, up from $14.1bn last year. Carter's, Inc Carter's has had what it says was a "strong finish to another record year" as it revealed higher sales and earnings in its fourth-quarter. Net income was up 20% to US$87.1m, while operating margin improved 150 basis points to 14.9%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 7.8% to reach $67.7m, thanks to revenue growth in nearly every business segment. CEO Michael Casey, said: "Our focus on providing the best value and experience in young children's apparel, extending the reach of our brands, and improving profitability enabled us to achieve our 28th consecutive year of sales growth, improve our profit margins, and increase the return of capital to shareholders. We are forecasting good growth in sales and earnings in 2017." Kohl's Department store retailer Kohl's has posted what it says are "weak" sales results for the fourth quarter, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic. For the three months ended 28 January, net sales dropped 2.8% to US$6.21bn from $6.39bn in the year-ago period. Net profit was also down, falling 15% to $252m, compared to $296 last year. Gross margin was flat at 33.4%. CEO Kevin Mansell, said: "Sales results were weak for the quarter in total, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic, and offset somewhat by strength in online demand. We saw improvement in merchandise margin, and our team continued to manage inventory and expenses extremely well. In 2017, we will accelerate our focus on becoming the destination for active and wellness with the launch of Under Armour in early March. We will also extend our efforts on improving our speed to market across all of our proprietary brands into all apparel areas and home." L Brands L Brands booked a mixed fourth-quarter as sales climbed but earnings fell, albeit only slightly. For the three months ended 28 January, the owner of Victoria's Secret said net income fell 0.7% to US$631.7m from $636.0m a year ago. Meanwhile, the company reported net sales of $4.5bn, an increase of 2% compared to sales of $4.4bn for the year ago period. Comparable sales were flat for the period. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 2 percentage points and 4 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company said it expects first-quarter earnings per share to be $0.20 to $0.25, and $3.05 to $3.35 for 2017 full-year earnings. Iconix Brand Group Brand management company Iconix Brand Group booked a loss of approximately US$297.5m in its fourth-quarter, compared to a loss of around $263.0m a year earlier. Licensing sales fell 8% to $87.1m Revenue in the prior year's fourth quarter included approximately $1.3m of licensing revenue from the Badgley Mischka brand, Iconix said, for which there was no comparable revenue this year, due to its sale in the first quarter. The company also made an operating loss of around $385.8m, as compared to a loss of $398.2m in the year ago period. CEO John Haugh said: "2016 was a year of transition for Iconix. Our operating performance was in-line with our guidance. I believe the changes we have made over the past year provide a strong foundation to drive long term growth and shareholder value."  Chico's FAS, Inc Chico's says it is "extremely pleased" with its fourth-quarter results as it moved to a profit thanks to gross margin expansion and execution of its strategic initiatives. Earnings amounted to US$13.5m from a loss of $21.1m a year earlier, while gross margin expanded to 35.5% from 34.4%. Sales, meanwhile, dropped 4.9% to $600.8m as a result of the sale of the firm's Boston Proper direct-to-consumer business last year. Excluding this, sales dropped 2.3%, primarily reflecting a decline in comparable sales of 2.5%, comprised of reduced transaction count and an increase in average dollar sale. TJX Companies TJX Companies revealed an "above-plan" fourth-quarter, booking increases in both sales and earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income grew1.7% to US$678m from $666m in the year ago period. Gross profit margin was down 0.4 percentage points to 28.3%, versus the prior year. Net sales were up 6% to $9.5bn, compared to $9bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 3%. CEO and president Ernie Herrman said: "The year 2016 was another terrific year for TJX on top of many great years. We were proud to mark our 40-year milestone as a company and surpass $33bn in sales." Wolverine Worldwide US clothing and footwear business Wolverine Worldwide has reported a net loss of $2.4m in the fourth quarter, compared to earnings of $11.9m last year. For the period ended 31 December, the company booked a drop in sales, with reported revenue falling 2.9% to US$729.6m compared to the year ago period. Reported gross margin widened slightly to 36.6% from 36.2% in the prior year, and 37.7% on a constant currency basis, an increase of 110 basis points versus the prior year. Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.89, compared to $1.20 in year ago period. CEO Blake Krueger said the company is "well positioned going into 2017 to deliver stronger earnings and perform in what we believe will be a consumer and retail environment that we refer to internally as the 'new normal.'"  Dillard's, Inc Dillards has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on mall traffic declines from continued retail industry challenges. "In response, we are ramping up our efforts to bring more distinctive brand and service experiences to Dillard's, both in-store and online," said CEO William Dillard. Earnings fell to US$56.9m from $84m a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations narrowed 73 basis points. Net sales dropped to $1.94bn from $2.07bn last year. Macy's Department store retailer Macy's saw both earnings and sales fall in its fourth-quarter, and said it expects total sales to be down between 3.2%-4.3% in fiscal 2017, reflecting the 66 stores closed in 2016. Net income fell 12.7% to US$475m from $544m in the year ago period. Gross margin widened slightly to 38.8% from 37.4%, while net sales totalled $8.5bn, a drop of 4.5% on last year. Comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis were down 2.1% in the quarter. Macy's also revealed its previously announced CEO transition will take place on 23 March. Jeff Gennette, currently president of Macy's, will assume the CEO role and Terry Lundgren will continue as executive chairman of the company. Walmart, Inc US retail giant Walmart has booked a drop in fourth-quarter earnings, weighed down by a drop in sales in its international division and heavy investment in its both its store and e-commerce operations. Net profit fell 17.9% to US$3.76bn, while total sales edged up 1% to $130.9bn. Comparable sales were up for the tenth consecutive quarter, at 1.8%. Wal-Mart's online sales also accelerated, boosted by its acquisition of Jet.com, with US digital sales jumping 29%. Domestic sales were up 2.8% to $83.7bn, while international sales fell 5.1% to $31bn. Sam's Club sales were up 3% to $14.98bn. "We're moving with speed to become more of a digital enterprise and better serve customers," says CEO Doug McMillon. "We had a very solid fourth-quarter. Our international business is consistently delivering solid sales growth in constant currency, and Sam's Club posted its best comp sales growth of the year." VF Corporation US apparel giant VF Corporation revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2016. Net income fell 15% to US$264.3m in the three months to December, from $312.2m the year before. As a result of the sale of its Contemporary Brands businesses, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $98m in 2016, which also includes the operating results of the businesses, net of tax. Gross margin improved 90 basis points to a record 49.1% on a reported basis, while total revenues were relatively flat at $3.32 from $3.33. Brand revenue at Vans was up 14% and by 4% at Timberland, but fell 8% at The North Face. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade says it is exploring and evaluating "strategic alternatives to further enhance shareholder value" as it revealed higher fourth-quarter earnings and sales. Net earnings reached US$87m in the three months to the end of December from $62m a year earlier. Gross margin, however, narrowed to 59.2% from 60.2%, while net sales were up 9.8% to $471m. Direct-to-consumer comparable sales growth reached 9.3%. For the full year, earnings jumped to $153.6m from $17.1m, while net sales climbed 11.2% to $1.38bn. Rocky Brands Rocky Brands has moved to a loss in both its fourth-quarter and full-year, after incurring non-cash impairment charges. Despite this, CEO Mike Brooks said he is "confident" the changes to the company's operating strategies and leadership team has made it a stronger organisation that will return greater value to its shareholders over the long-term. For the three months ended 31 December, Rocky Brands reported a net loss of US$0.6m from earnings of $1.4m in the year ago period. Excluding charges, the company recorded earnings of $1.3m. Sales, meanwhile, increased 2.6% to $67m. Wholesale sales declined 8.9% to $42.4m, while retail sales edged up to $13.7m from $13.5m. Gross margin dropped 140 basis points to 32.5%. For the full year, net losses amounted to $2.1m from earnings of $6.6m in 2015. Excluding charges, the company made earnings of $0.6m. Sales decreased 3.4% to $260.3m. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase slightly in the fourth quarter, up 1% to US$1.29bn from $1.28bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 27 November, net income slipped to $96m, down 5% from $101m last year. The decline reflected investments associated with the expansion of company-operated stores network and e-commerce, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 50.7% from 51.2%. In Europe, net revenues were up 13%, while in both the Americas and Asia net revenues declined 1%. "We are pleased to report our fourth consecutive year of profitable constant currency revenue growth behind the strength of the Levi's brand and our global direct-to-consumer business," said Chip Bergh, president CEO. "Looking ahead, although it remains a very challenging environment, given our diversified portfolio we remain optimistic about our long term prospects for growth." Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record four-quarter net sales of US$717.4m, a 3% increase compared with net sales of $699.4m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 34% to $84.7m from $63.4m in the year ago period. For the full year, Columbia also booked record sales and earnings, with net sales up 2% to $2.38bn and net income reaching $191.9m, a 10% increase on fiscal 2015. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 4%, and net income of between $192m and $200m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "We are very proud of our fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance against a challenging backdrop in many of our largest markets. Record net sales, record gross margins, record operating income, expanded operating margin, and record net income reflect our powerful brand portfolio, robust operational platforms and disciplined prioritisation of investments." Skechers  Despite achieving new fourth-quarter and full-year net sales records, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip by more than three quarters in the three months ended 31 December. Sales in the quarter were up 5.8% to US$764.3m on last year, but the company reported an earnings decline of 77.4% to $6.7m. For the full year, net sales increased 13.2% to $3.56bn on last year, while earnings reached $243.5m, compared to $231.9m at the end of 2015. For the first quarter of 2017, the company expects net sales in the range of $1.05bn to $1.08bn. Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters has delivered "record" fourth-quarter sales, growing 2% to US$1.03bn. However total comparable sales were flat, but were up 2% at the Urban Outfitters brand and 1.2% at Free People. Comparable sales decreased 2.9% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by lower retail store comparable net sales. Net income meanwhile, slipped 12.2% to $64m from $72.9m in the year-ago period. For the full year, total company net sales increased to $3.5bn or 3% over the prior year. Comparable sales increased 1%. Net income fell 2.9% to $218m, versus $224.5bn last year. Tweet Adidas raises the bar for North America sales growth PREVIOUS MySize app to drive 'off-line' retail sales NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights Alarm bells ringing for millennial fashion brands Brands take a stance on Syrian refugees in Turkey Adidas raises the bar for North America sales 10 human rights risks to supply chains in 2017 Trade Tracker – Trump & Brexit generate more heat News US Q4 in brief – Cato Corp, DSW, Bon Ton, Tilly's Marks & Spencer tops human rights benchmark US apparel retailers' February 2017 sales roundup Nike is world’s most valuable apparel brand Google and Levi smart jacket available this autumn Market research Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar Central and East Europe Report Package When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Central America strategic sourcing review - a focus on Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Nike Inc VF Corporation Inditex SA Gap Inc Primark Adidas Group Wal-Mart Stores Inc Zara Levi Strauss & Co Under Armour Inc JC Penney Company Inc C&A PVH Corporation Target Corporation Tesco Plc Lectra Fast Retailing Co Ltd Uniqlo All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Admin Home About Us Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Bridal Obituaries Church Directory Directory   Call Us (901) 433-9138 2850 Stage Village Cove No. 5 Bartlett, TN. 38134 Fax (901) 529-7687 News: bartlett.editor@journalinc.com Advertising: vickie.clark@journalinc.com  Subscribe in a reader Pages Navigation Menu News Business Careers Charitable City and County Arlington Atoka Bartlett Bolton Collierville Cordova Germantown Lakeland Memphis Millington Court cases Education Collegiate Corner Private Schools School Districts Arlington Community Schools Bartlett City Schools Lakeland School System Employment History Back in Bartlett Housing Military Matters Obits Public Safety Fire Police Sheriff Tennessee Weather Sports Baseball Basketball Clubs/Leagues Football Hunting and Fishing Soccer Softball Wrestling Living Art, Music & Theater Events Church Directory Faith Features Learning to Live Again Health Senior Citizens Society Anniversaries Pageants Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Legals Classifieds Special Sections Events eEdition Lifeblood urges: March up to donation sites MEMPHIS—Lifeblood is urging the community to “march” up to the challenge to make an impact by donating blood in March. If you haven’t found time to donate yet this year or if you are eligible to donate again, or if you have never donated before, don’t miss out on your chance to make an impact. The only way to ensure that patients in the Memphis area have the life-saving blood that is needed, is for generous donors to donate at least three times each year. Remember, in emergency situations, it’s the blood on the shelves that saves lives. All March donors receive a T-shirt and are entered to win a $1,000 Walmart gift card. To find a Lifeblood donor center near you and to schedule an appointment to donate, visit clublifeblood.org or call (901) 290-9743. As always, all blood types are needed in order to prevent any blood type shortages from occurring. Donors must be at least 16 years old, weigh at least 110 pounds and be in good health. Additional height/weight requirements apply to donors 22 and younger, and donors who are 16 and 17 years of age must have signed permission from a parent or guardian. Donors receive a free cholesterol test. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)   Posted by  Carolyn Bahm Posted in  Charitable, Memphis, Mid-South    Mar, 09, 2017   No Comments.   ← Previous Post Next Post → Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Comments Carolyn Bahm on Bartlett to open Expo doors March 23 Jim J Chambers on Bartlett to unveil $630K city hall remodel judy bricknell on Bartlett to open Expo doors March 23 Recent Posts Dist. 95 House race: 10 of 11 candidates qualified Lakeland slates May 25 special election Progress magazine: 2017 edition Bartlett to unveil $630K city hall remodel Gettin’ our kicks on ‘Route 66’ Get email updates Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Like us on Facebook! Like us on Facebook! Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 Calendar March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Journal Inc Sites Daily Journal West 10 Sites Millington Star Shelby Sun Times Collierville Independent Oakland News Follow Us Twitter Facebook Email Contact Us Most Recent Articles Dist. 95 House race: 10 of 11 candidates qualified Lakeland slates May 25 special election Progress magazine: 2017 edition Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 Bartlett Express - West Tennessee News Black Bird WordPress Theme by InkThemes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives Best of Everything Guide Jefferson County scores well in wage growth Spring Break can leave economically disadvantaged students with Police score 4 arrests after "suspicious activity' call Constable struck by driver could leave hospital this month US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics 10 Things to Know for Friday Fast-acting paramedic rescues baby from submerged SUV Video: California officer grabs driver before fatal shooting 2 indicted, accused of cyberbullying 18-year-old to suicide A&E Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Greek finance chief dreams of drinks with Scarlett Johansson Target is counting on Victoria Beckham to spice up sales Rock Hall to celebrate 50 years of Rolling Stone magazine Fact to fiction: Boris Johnson's father pens Brexit thriller cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports 2 Central stars to play in Lamar, Texas State tournament game PN-G boys soccer team has a perfect season Title could spark era of dominance for Silsbee Silsbee defeats Brazosport for 4A state title Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Oil falls below $50 a barrel for first time since December Gator Country hopes improvements attract more visitors iCreole Bistro moves downtown Barrington Heights subdivision swells with 30 new homes Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 3-16-17 'Toon Time 3-15-17 'Toon Time 3-13-17 'Toon Time 3-11-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, Million-dollar homes on the market in Beaumont Find & Save MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/business/article/Sears-reports-4Q-loss-10988807.php Sears, watching spending and inventory, limits adjusted loss Anne D'innocenzio and Michelle Chapman, Ap Business Writers Updated 10:27 am, Thursday, March 9, 2017 Photo: Gene J. Puskar, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, file photo, shoppers walk into a Sears store in Pittsburgh. Sears Holdings Corp. on Thursday, March 9, 2017, reported a loss of $607 million in its fiscal fourth quarter. FILE - In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, file photo, shoppers walk into a Sears store in Pittsburgh. Sears Holdings Corp. on Thursday, March 9, 2017, reported a loss of $607 million in its fiscal fourth quarter. Photo: Gene J. Puskar, AP Sears, watching spending and inventory, limits adjusted loss 1 / 1 Back to Gallery NEW YORK (AP) — Sears, stung by higher charges, reported a wider fourth-quarter loss on Thursday, but its adjusted loss was smaller than last year and investors were encouraged that the company closely controlled inventory and expenses. Wall Street looked past falling comparable-store sales as well, and Sears Holdings Corp. shares rose 5 percent. Sales at Sears and Kmart stores open at least a year, a key indicator of a retailer's health, dropped 10.3 percent. Sears same-store sales slid 12.3 percent, mostly hurt by falling sales of appliances, clothing, consumer electronics and tools. At Kmart stores, comparable-store sales fell 8 percent, mainly because of softer sales of consumer electronics, toys, clothing and grocery and household items. Chief Financial Officer Jason Hollar said a challenging holiday season pressured margins and same-store sales, but the company had a better adjusted profit by watching its inventory and managing costs. The company also said it would use a big portion of the proceeds from the $900 million sale of its Craftsman brand to Stanley Black & Decker to bolster its ailing pension plan. It will put $250 million in cash and some income from annual payments toward the plan as part of a deal with the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corp., a federal agency that protects private pension plans. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Chairman and CEO Edward Lampert, whose hedge fund has forwarded millions in funding to keep Sears afloat, has long pledged to turn the company's fortunes around and that the retailer would find ways capitalize on its best-known brands like Kenmore appliances and DieHard car batteries, as well as its vast holdings of land. The faltering retail chain has also said it may sell more locations, cut more jobs and put more of its famous brands on the block as part of its latest plan to revive itself. It has promised to cut costs by at least $1 billion a year, and says it's reworking its debt to give itself more breathing room. Sears said it would examine its organizational structure, but didn't specify any more store closings. It already announced in January it would close 150 of its 1,500 stores. Lampert combined Sears and Kmart in 2005, about two years after he helped bring Kmart out of bankruptcy. But the retail landscape has undergone seismic shifts since then. While Amazon.com had been up and running for almost a decade at that time, the big disruption in retail went into full force around the time of the recession a few years later. Sears' troubles go further than that, having to compete on appliance sales with Home Depot and to match the cut-rate prices at huge chains like Wal-Mart. And old rivals have made it tougher. J.C. Penney has brought back to its floors major appliances more than 30 years after abandoning the sale of refrigerators and stoves. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Sears has ramped up online services, but it's having a hard time disguising its age. Stores are in need of a major redo. For the period ended Jan. 28, the Hoffman Estates, Illinois-based company lost $607 million, or $5.67 per share. That compares with a loss of $580 million, or $5.44 per share, a year ago. Impairment charges climbed to $409 million, from $203 million. Losses, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, were $1.28 per share, or 42 cents better than last year on a per-share basis. Revenue declined to $6.05 billion from $7.3 billion. The company's merchandise inventories shrunk to $4 billion, from $5.2 billion a year earlier. Total costs and expenses declined to $6.77 billion, from $7.84 billion. Shares rose 40 cents to $7.89 on Thursday. ____ Chapman reported from Newark, New Jersey. ____ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on SHLD at https://www.zacks.com/ap/SHLD _____ Keywords: Sears Holdings, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Top Stories Jefferson Co. earns well; Orange, Hardin not as much Can you ID Lumberton theft suspects? 2 indicted after bullied teen's suicide Spring Break can leave some students with empty stomachs Deweyville still mending from 2016 flood All the things Trump cuts in his budget Lawmaker's Wiki keeps getting edited with insults Most Popular 1 Texas woman in midst of modeling shoot when struck by train 2 Beaumont man wins million dollar lottery prize 3 Police score 4 arrests after "suspicious activity' call 4 Exxon to spend $20 billion, add 45,000 jobs along Gulf Coast 5 Dallas 6-month-old dies after babysitter couldn't reach 911 6 Family of late officer Bryan Hebert face defendant in court 7 LPD: 3 suspected in Walmart mower theft Business Videos Beaumont Auto Sales Beaumont Banking Beaumont Beauty Care Beaumont Dentists Beaumont Florists Beaumont Insurance Beaumont Lawyers Beaumont Movers Beaumont Physicians Beaumont Restaurants Beaumont Real Estate Discover and Review More Local Businesses » View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune A snow maker at Hyland Hills Ski Area in Bloomington checks the snow at the top of a ski run. Photo: Glen Stubbe/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Largest ICE sweep since election nets 26 arrests in Minnesota Passions run high at Duluth meeting about mining's future Twin Cities, Minnesota officials see big impact from Trump's budget Black family's new Delano home scarred by racist graffiti Target applies for liquor license for downtown Nicollet Mall store 30 years later, murder charges filed in slaying of St. Paul woman, 81 Wild misses chances in loss to Hurricanes to complete 1-4 road trip Gophers lose to Middle Tennessee in NCAA tournament first round Minn. writer Louise Erdrich wins critics award for fiction Rick Spielman confirms that Adrian Peterson won't return to Vikings The first silver carp, the 'flying' invasive fish, is captured in St. Croix next Eat & Drink 415781674 Walker Art Center's Esker Grove pushes the museum restaurant to new heights Imaginative and stylish, Esker Grove is an ideal museum welcome mat. Don't miss brunch.  | ★★★½ out of 4 stars By Rick Nelson Star Tribune March 11, 2017 — 9:33pm Gallery Grid Prev 1/18 Next Jeff Wheeler – Star Tribune Gallery: Esker Grove, the Walker Art Center's striking new restaurant, is a key component in the museum's new entrance pavilion. Jeff Wheeler – Star Tribune Gallery: Esker Grove takes full advantage of its prime location, with views to the Minneapolis Sculpture Garden. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Lunch at Esker Grove. Jeff Wheeler – Star Tribune Gallery: A communal table separates the bar from the dining room at Esker Grove. Jeff Wheeler – Star Tribune Gallery: Amy Quinlivan, left, visited with her daughter, Franny Carroll enjoyed dinner at Esker Grove before attending a design lecture at the Walker Art Center. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Chef Doug Flicker. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Chef Doug Flicker, left, and chef de cuisine T.J. Rawitzer. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Signature dish: spit-roasted sturgeon, with hearts of palm, caramelized lemon and crispy sturgeon skin. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: A star of the plant-centric menu: Parsnips, with coffee, caramelized goats milk and escarole. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Butterscotch budino as candy bar, with chocolate, almond and pretzel, and served with malted ice cream. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Heritage pork terrine with fermented vegetables, apple and rye. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: A basic dinner salad is not-so basic at Esker Grove, thanks to herbs, seaweed, vegetables and pickled herring. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: A favorite lunch: Couscous with lamb sausages (made up the street at Lowry Hill Meats), pine nuts and raisins. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Another brilliant bowl option at lunch: whole wheat gnocchi with lamb ragout, fennel and Parmigiano Reggiano. Aaron Lavinsky – Star Tribune Gallery: The (excellent) lunch-only cheeseburger. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: Bar manager Jon Olson pours a traditional champagne cocktail at Esker Grove, prepared with sparkling wine, a sugar cube infused with Angostura bitters, and a lemon twist. Leila Navidi – Star Tribune Gallery: An old-fashioned made with Evan Williams bourbon, Angostura bitters, Bittercube trinity bitters and Demerara sugar. Jeff Wheeler – Star Tribune Gallery: When the weather cooperates, the patio at Esker Grove will offer views of both the downtown skyline and the Minneapolis Sculpture Garden. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint At Esker Grove, the new restaurant at Walker Art Center, a dream team is turning out some seriously dreamy food, served by a first-rate staff in a striking setting. Savvy decisionmaking hangs in the air. The museum was wise to partner with Culinaire, the Dallas-based outfit that also oversees Sea Change at the Guthrie Theater and Fika at the American Swedish Institute. The food-and-beverage giant excels at steering clear of cookie-cutter cliches. Rather than emphasizing some droning corporate hive mind, the company relies upon idiosyncratic local talents to create one-of-a-kind properties. Culinaire was smart to tap chef Doug Flicker, one of the Twin Cities’ most valuable culinary resources (his four-star Piccolo is closing on March 11, after a seven-year run), to lead its Walker initiative. In turn, Flicker mined his connections to recruit key players, including chef de cuisine T.J. Rawitzer (his résumé features D’Amico Cucina, La Belle Vie and Flicker’s much-missed Auriga) and general manager Kim Tong, a longtime Piccolo vet. The first responsibility of any self-respecting museum restaurant lies in its ability to satisfy and delight gallery-goers, and in this respect, Esker Grove succeeds, beautifully. The daytime counter-service setup is everything a museum visitor could ask for, and then some. Along with gracefully composed soups and salads — sometimes it seems as if the kitchen staff spends half their days wandering the galleries upstairs, seeking composition and color inspiration — the lunch menu is primarily divided along two lines. One sticks to proletariat sandwiches, scrupulously rendered: a gotta-have cheeseburger, a marvelous exercise in fried chicken, a decadent grilled cheese. Oh, and a pair of open-faced delights. One tops a thin spread of preserved Italian olives with two eggplant preparations, the other is a punchy sweep of hummus, finished with creamy avocado, roasted beets and Brussels sprouts leaves. So good. LEILA NAVIDI &#x2022; leila.navidi@startribune.com Parsnip with coffee, caramelized goats milk and escarole. The second half is devoted to cleverly conceived rice and grain bowls, whether it’s couscous with zesty lamb sausages (produced up the street at Lowry Hill Meats), or Asian-accented red rice, fortified with the kitchen’s happy obsession with rotisserie-roasted vegetables. But the restaurant’s ambitions lie far beyond mere “museum restaurant.” Flicker and Rawitzer are serving dinner six nights a week, and on five of those evenings, the Walker’s galleries close at 5 p.m. This is destination dining. Salads take on almost sculptural qualities, and pile up astonishing flavor and texture nuances. Like the daytime’s lovely smoked sturgeon rillettes, an outrageously fatty pork shoulder-pork liver terrine is a marvel of old-school craftsmanship. Ditto a phyllo-like tart that celebrates a kitchen favorite, celery root, contrasting its essential earthiness with palate-cleansing apple accents. A third of the entrees are vegetarian, heralding Flicker and Rawitzer’s fascination with plant-based cooking. Cauliflower, the garden’s blank canvas, gets a miso glaze, then preserved mushrooms, slow-cooked onions and crunchy puffed wild rice. The inherent sweetness of parsnips is downplayed by poaching them in tangy goat’s milk. They’re caramelized in a cast-iron pan, then dressed in a cocoa-fueled espresso reduction for maximum bitter contrasts. “I didn’t miss meat, not for a second,” said my friend. Exactly. If there’s a downside to this veggie-centric way of thinking, it’s having the nerve to charge $21 for what’s essentially a head of cauliflower. Asking $19 for a few parsnips — no matter how skillfully manipulated — ranks right up there, too. But they’re outliers, because the rest of the menu’s prices feel spot-on. Naturally, there are meat, poultry and seafood options, too, and strikingly rendered (if occasionally overwrought). The kitchen’s biggest plaything — a rotisserie — is the magic act behind fork-tender lamb shoulder and what is probably the restaurant’s signature dish, brined and spit-roasted sturgeon. A stunner, it’s given a futuristic treatment with a blackened rub of charred and powdered mushrooms and onions, and served with crunchy, wrinkled, chicharrón-like fried sturgeon skins. There’s a short (perhaps too short) bar menu, mostly lunch and dinner retreads. Wouldn’t it be great to see the bar catering to those dropping in for a performance, and/or the Walker’s no-admission Thursday evenings? The sharply executed desserts are by chefs Jaclyn Von, Anna Berzelius and Mary Cooper, and their collaboration results in exceptional output, whether it’s a candy bar-inspired approach to butterscotch budino, a deconstructed (but not shattered beyond all recognition) almond cake, a fragile Pavlova brimming with intense tropical fruit flavors, or the coffee bar’s butter-drenched cookies and knobbly scones. Weekend warriors At the excellent brunch, Flicker and Rawitzer recalibrate just enough to generate newfound interest in dishes that we all should have yawned away years ago. French toast, often sickeningly sweet, goes savory, due to a slightly nutty whole-grain brioche and the inclusions of sage and salty prosciutto. It’s a fabulous, sort-of breakfast Monte Cristo, with maple syrup. The croque-obsessed — present company included — will swoon for the Esker Grove version, a speck-raclette wonder that’s brightened by shears of tart apple. Crisp, corny tostadas are layered with black beans, succulent pulled pork, snips of smoky bacon and a rich, hearty mole. Why bother with yogurt when there’s Rawitzer’s delectable banana custard, served with a granola built with seeds and dried fruit? And Cream of Wheat will never be the same, after one encounters the wide bowl of semolina that’s cooked, polenta-style, in vegetable stock and half-and-half, finished with Parmesan and topped with a sci-fi runny egg — the whites remain a bit loose — and a splash of an earthy, tea-like jus composed of dried porcini and black trumpet mushrooms. (This is a kitchen that loves technology.) Yes, two eggs any style and other assorted brunch basics are also on the menu. And I’ve saved best for last. Along with an ever-changing savory tart (so flaky, so buttery), the must-have item is a plate of doughnut holes that defy all manner of fried dough engineering. They’re admirably delicate, melt-in-your-mouth orbs, prodigiously crusted with twinkling sugar and paired with a curry-infused caramel sauce. A total knockout HGA, the Minneapolis architectural giant, has devised a new $23.3 million pavilion — with Esker Grove at its heart — to ingeniously unspool all kinds of Byzantine floor plan issues that cropped up following the museum’s 2005 expansion. The new footprint has rightfully returned the museum’s main entrance back to Vineland Place, opposite the Minneapolis Sculpture Garden. Now the museum’s welcome mat, Esker Grove is one Walker dining operation that will never suffer from out-of-sight-out-of-mind syndrome. It’s the brick-and-mortar equivalent of a Wal-Mart greeter, a role that will only be accentuated when the restaurant’s front-and-center patio opens in a few months. Esker Grove ★★★½ Info: Walker Art Center, 723 Vineland Place, Mpls., 612-375-7542, eskergrove.com. Hours: 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Tue.-Thu., 10 a.m.-10 p.m. Fri.-Sat., 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Sun. Reservations accepted. Service: Gracious, knowledgeable and observant. Price ranges: Lunch main dishes $8-$14. Brunch main dishes $9-$16. Dinner starters $9-$11, entrees $19-$32. Bar snacks $8-$15. Desserts $5-$9. Recommended dishes: Tartine, burgers, rillettes and couscous at lunch; salads, terrine, sturgeon, lamb shoulder, budino and almond cake at dinner; granola, French toast, porridge, croque Madame and doughnut holes at brunch. Kudos to the Baker’s Field Flour & Bread-supplied basket of naturally leavened breads. Beverage program: Bar manager Jon Olson’s imaginative dual cocktail list presents eight libations in both classic and contemporary formats. Discerning wine list, at semi-reasonable prices. Ten beers, half from Minnesota. Three refreshing nonalcoholic specialty drinks. Special menus: A notably vegetable- and grain-centric menu. “It’s designed not to appease people who don’t eat meat, but to put vegetables forward,” said chef T.J. Rawitzer. “Cooking meat and fish is relatively easy. But a parsnip? That requires more thought.” The dining room maintains the museum’s crisp white color palate (and a commissioned artwork — a remarkable collage by Duluth artist Frank Big Bear — underscores the you’re-in-an-art-museum aura), but a handsome tongue-in-groove walnut floor and curvy, covet-inducing Eames molded wood side chairs lend a human-scaled warmth. Enormous expanses of glass blur the line between inside and outside; post-sunset, the lighting is somehow even more flattering. A slanted ceiling not only counters the space’s otherwise forthright right angles, but it also serves an acoustic function, facilitating conversation, even during standing-room-only periods. Yep, HGA’s work is a tailor-made expression of this visually obsessed institution: effortlessly stylish, yet instantly comfortable, and a prime people-watching venue. (One incongruity: After hours, the lobby’s crisp minimalism is truncated by a utilitarian, accordion-style wall that is both drearily brown and decidedly un-Walker-like.) Here’s hoping that HGA — which is also responsible for another recent well-functioning jaw-dropper, the extraordinary Surly Brewing Co. destination brewery — will garner more restaurant commissions. Our city would be the better for it. In terms of its restaurants, the argument can be made that the Walker is something of a cursed address. Think about it. Over the past 13 years, four dining establishments — going back to Gallery 8, 20.21 and Gather — have come and gone within the museum’s walls. We should all wish for Esker Grove to exhibit true staying power, because this exceedingly well-managed restaurant deserves to become a major asset, to the museum, and the city. If it isn’t already. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Mayo to give nod to privately insured over Medicaid patients Vikings sign former Oakland running back Latavius Murray Black family's new Delano home scarred by racist graffiti Largest ICE sweep since election nets 26 arrests in Minnesota Rick Spielman confirms that Adrian Peterson won't return to Vikings Gophers lose to Middle Tennessee in NCAA tournament first round Gluten-free bakery offers many tasty choices Transition in Milan fashion scene as new creatives break out Serve up quick appetizers for your New Year's gathering Recipe: Rabbitburger (Welsh Rarebit) Looking for hard cider? New crop of Minnesota flavors reaches market More From Variety National 17 minutes ago Conservative judge slams 'personal attacks' on judiciary A conservative federal appellate court judge who was a key author of the so-called torture memos under the Bush administration criticized personal attacks on the judiciary even while defending President Donald Trump's authority to ban travelers from mostly Muslim nations. National 22 minutes ago NYPD: 2 EMTs struck by stolen ambulance, 1 killed Police say an emergency medical technician in New York City has died after she was run over by a stolen ambulance. National 57 minutes ago Ireland's leader pushes Trump on Irish in US illegally Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is urging President Donald Trump to help Irish people living in the U.S. illegally, saying they just want to "make America great." National 7:30pm Exxon blasts NY AG over Tillerson-email accusations Exxon Mobil is complaining about the way New York's attorney general disclosed that former CEO and current Secretary of State Rex Tillerson used an alias email account, saying it damaged the company by generating "sensational coverage in the press." Variety 7:25pm 2 indicted, accused of cyberbullying 18-year-old to suicide A Southeast Texas man and his girlfriend were indicted Thursday on charges arising from the cyberbullying of the man's ex-girlfriend until her suicide. Top Stories Largest ICE sweep since election nets 26 arrests in Minnesota 38 minutes ago Passions run high at Duluth meeting about mining's future 17 minutes ago Twin Cities, Minnesota officials see big impact from Trump's budget 15 minutes ago Most Read Move over, Manhattans – retro drinks are hitting Twin Cities bars • Eat & Drink Grab the tartar sauce! Check out these 14 Twin Cities fish fries • Eat & Drink Taste Move over, Manhattans – retro drinks are hitting Twin Cities bars Soup time with Creamy Chicken Cheddar Tortilla Home & Garden For sale: Adman's 'Mad Men'-era dream home on Lake Minnetonka Tapestry of gardens overlooks one of the oldest houses on Lake of the Isles The Good Life Are you lonesome? How Minnesota seniors are combating social isolation 'Trapped' at home during elevator repair, Edina woman got creative, and 'peaceful' Celebrities Prince's ex-wife opens up about 1996 death of couple's baby Emma Watson seeks legal action after private photo hack Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies Disney's live-action 'Beauty and the Beast' is more like belle of the blah 'Kong' reawakens the monster-movie genre with a mighty roar Music SXSW: We're staying up late in Austin all week Okee Dokee Brothers hit Minnesota Zoo and Orchestra Hall this weekend Travel San Diego draws beer tourism as 'beercations' grow in popularity Midwest Traveler: Spending the night in a quinzhee at Tettegouche State Park TV & Media Meet Colton Dunn, latest Twin Cities improv veteran to find TV acting success Road from Minnesota schoolteacher to Hollywood producer was 'Hell on Wheels' Stage & Arts Art is in bloom – an algae bloom, that is – at Mpls. Institute of Art Meet the 'dream team' that's transforming the Guthrie Theater special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books Minn. writer Louise Erdrich wins critics award for fiction Heid E. Erdrich, Brian Farrey among winners of McKnight Artist Fellowships Eat & Drink Ultimate beer bracket: Choose your favorite Minnesota brewery's tourney journey A look inside Bellecour, one of the Twin Cities' most anticipated restaurants Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
First Published: 2017-03-09 America’s Deadly New ‘National Bird’ Officially, America’s “national bird” is the eagle, but it is fast becoming the hovering, deadly drone that kills with missiles fired from half a world away, reports Dennis J Bernstein about Sonia Kennebeck’s documentary, “National Bird.” Middle East Online In the new anti-drone film,National Bird, you meet courageous military drone resisters speaking out against America’s forward-fighting drone program and the civilian killing and devastation it is causing all over the Middle East and North Africa. National Bird“gives rare insight into the U.S. drone program through the eyes of veterans and survivors,” says its director, Sonia Kennebeck, “connecting their stories as never before in a documentary. Its images haunt the audience and bring a faraway issue close to home.” You see these soldier technicians struggling to balance their secret lives as long distance assassins with their everyday lives as parents and spouses. Talk of suicide is rampant among these drone workers. And several have already taken their own lives. A Predator drone firing a missile. Dennis Bernstein: Welcome Sonia Kennebeck.…Why did you decide to do this film? Sonia Kennebeck: Well, when I started out with my research, and that was in early 2013, there was really not much public information out there. And there were a lot of people commenting about the drone war, you know, pundits, experts, journalists. But we didn’t have a lot of information and that’s what I wanted to provide with the film. I wanted to bring information out about the drone war, transparency, accountability. But, also, really bring the humanity back into this technological war. My film is really about the people, the people who… the veterans … who had been fighting this war. But also the people in the target countries, who are most affected by the drones. DB: Was [there a] moment in this process where you decided, “Wow, this is definitely the right film at the right time”? Talk a little bit about that process of discovery. SK: Well, the more access I got to people, to the veterans who worked in the drone program, the more I realized how important this film was, and is. One of my first characters, or actually the first protagonist, who I found for my film was my subject Heather. In our very first talk, in our very first conversation (and she had just left the military), she told me that she lost three of her fellow airmen–three of her friends–to suicide. And that was something that I had not heard before. The people who worked in the drone war, or part of the drone program, would be so distressed by their experiences that they would commit suicide. So, this was really one of the first things… one of the first information that I heard about that. DB: … And are you sure … that these suicides occurred in the context of the drone program? Were they talking with these soldiers who ended up committing suicide? How do they know it’s that direct link? SK: Well, Heather, one of the subjects of my film, she actually talks about how she herself was on a suicide watch list. And how her psychologist at that time recommended that she should do a different job. And [the psychologist] said something that did not involve seeing people die all the time. And she was kept in her job because they were undermanned. Heather was really good in her position. And so she actually had that experience herself. She had it and she’s sharing it with us. Military personnel analyzing drone imagery. And so, let me just explain what she was doing. Heather was an imagery analyst, meaning that she was analyzing the live video feed coming from the drones. And she had to make a call, judging the video feed and saying, “What I see on this video is this person is either a terrorist or a civilian”… and that is a very responsible position. And … a decision that could eventually lead to the killing of a group of people. And that experience, for her, was very traumatizing. DB: And … does Lisa [another subject of the film] or Heather know if they actually killed people? Do they have any idea what people they might have helped to murder? SK: They all participated in killing people. The problem is that it’s not exactly clear how many. And that’s what all of the three whistleblowers, in my film, are criticizing. They rarely got any feedback. And also, when you drop a bomb… and these military drones, they are large enough to carry 300 – 500 pound bombs. And so, when you drop a bomb on a building, do you really know who’s inside? And that’s one of the things they are all criticizing about the program, that it’s not exactly clear who is being killed, and how many people are being killed. DB: And, in that same vein, is that what makes this an especially sort of troubling experience, that you are engaged, you are killing people, and then all of a sudden you are done with the day and you are out at the mall with your kids? Is there something specific about this kind of way of being, if you will, a bombardier? SK: Yes. Yes. I think you’re mentioning a very important point. And no one wants to compare the experience people have fighting the drone war to the experience of combat soldiers. And, it’s a very different experience. But I think what the people are doing in the drone program is traumatizing in its own way. One of the things is what you were just mentioning, going into this secret environment, fighting a war, being part of a war, and being part of killing people. And then, after your 12 hour shift, leaving this secret environment, going home to your kids, going home to your families, not being able to share your experiences, the traumatizing experiences that you had with anyone, because of the secrecy surrounding this program. And, also, Lisa is talking about this, just living your normal life, here in the United States, going to Starbucks or Walmart, and people are talking about T.V. shows. And … people like Lisa, people like Heather and Danielle, they just came from fighting a war. So, there’s something very schizophrenic about this experience. An unmanned aerial vehicle (commonly known as a “drone”) flying over the Yuma Proving Ground outside of Yuma, Arizona. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Benjamin R. Reynolds/Released) And, another thing Lisa has been talking about … and Lisa had an over-20 year career in the U.S. military and she actually had been deployed to combat zones, so she can compare the experience. And she says the problem that she had with working a drone program was that you were actually not under threat. So you’re never really defending yourself, or the people left and right of you. And that’s what she was struggling with. You are still killing without actually being in danger yourself. DB: And so, they really can’t talk to their kids about their day job. So, this is a huge wall between this kind of killer pilot and everyday life. SK: Yes. Yes. Absolutely. DB: I wonder if the powers-that-be… they must be reading this, in terms of the people running these programs, they must be very clear about what’s happening here. Are they taking precautions? Whether they’re counseling or threatening… has that become a part of the drone program? … The way in which they have to keep people in line? SK: I think there’s more awareness for the trauma caused by working the drone program now than when I started my research, my work, 3, 4 years ago. But I think it’s still developing. We still need a lot more research. I think research in this area is important. This is a new weapon. It’s a fairly new technology. And it hasn’t been used for such a long time, just over ten years. I think the first armed… the first military drone strike that has been reported was in October in 2001. So, I think it’s still developing. We need more research, we need more transparency, and we definitely need more help for the pilots and the analysts. But there’s more awareness. People are leaving the program, too. DB: … We don’t know about Trump yet, but do we know how many innocents Obama murdered? SK: That is really the problem. DB: We don’t know. SK: This information is missing. We don’t know how many civilians are being killed. We don’t know how many people have been killed by drones over all. And so, it’s really difficult for us to judge and compare, also, this weapon: unmanned aircraft to conventional aircraft. Dennis J Bernstein is a host of “Flashpoints” on the Pacifica radio network and the author ofSpecial Ed: Voices from a Hidden Classroom. You can access the audio archives atwww.flashpoints.net. consortiumnews   Moroccan king ousts PM to break political deadlock Federal court freezes Trump's revamped travel ban China pursues Mideast charm offensive UN rights chief warns Syria has become 'torture chamber' First fashion show seeks to promote Syria's Kurdish traditional attire Austria scraps ‘political’ Turkish concert UN report says Israel imposes apartheid on Palestinians Turkey plans to ban TV dating shows Trump Mideast adviser meets leaders of illegal settlements Somalia coastguard in gunfight near ship hijacked by pirates EU expects Turkey to honour migrant agreement Netanyahu seeks deal with Trump on settlement construction Turkey keeps headline interest rate steady ahead of vote Libya’s armed factions sign ceasefire after Tripoli battle Saudi oil giant Aramco to resume deliveries to Egypt Iraqi forces using IS tactic of arming drones Syria rebel groups deny involvement in Damascus bombings Trump, Saudi Arabia embrace each other Iraq says more than 150,000 fled west Mosul fighting Turkey says ‘no difference’ between Dutch liberals, ‘fascist’ Wilders UN praises Iran's 'exemplary' refugee efforts Libya ex-PM wounded in Tripoli clashes Israeli air strikes hit Gaza Bombs rock Damascus on anniversary of Syrian revolt UAE jails Jordanian journalist for ‘insulting state’ Palestinian gets life sentence for rabbi murder Turkey puts UN judge on trial for 'coup links' Battle for west Mosul sees nearly 100,000 flee Erdogan says fascism ‘running wild’ across Europe Kuwait raises $8 bn in first foreign bond issue 14 children among dead in air strike in Syria's Idlib Palestinian shot attempting to run over security forces Another policeman killed in eastern Saudi Arabia Israel’s Yaalon accuses Erdogan of seeking 'neo-Ottoman empire' Erdogan ups rhetoric against Dutch Legal reckoning day for Trump’s new travel ban Syria peace talks in Astana flop after rebel no-show Germany says NATO must keep Turkey Trio who fed cat to Rottweilers ordered to clean Dubai zoo Erdogan supporters deface top Twitter accounts Trump Middle East envoy holds fresh talks British FM Johnson in surprise Somalia visit IEA says OPEC abides by output cut EU blasts Erdogan Nazi taunts as ‘detached from reality’ Clashes rage in Tripoli for third day  
Skip to main content Bass Player Electronic Musician Guitar Aficionado Guitar Player Keyboard Revolver More AV/PRO AUDIO Audio Media Audio Pro AV Technology Installation Mix Pro Sound News Pro Sound News Europe Residential Systems BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast & Production Digital Video Government Video Licensing.biz Radio Magazine Radio World TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING Bike Biz Develop eSports Pro MCV Mobile Entertainment PCR Toy News EDUCATION Edu Wire School CIO Tech & Learning Save 85% Subscribe Sign Up Now! Print Subscription Digital Subscriptions Renew Customer Service Give a Gift Buy Back Issues GW Magazine Subscribe today Save up to 85%! Subscribe Now! Free Newsletter Sign up for our Free Newsletter Guitar World Daily Shred! Get a Free DIGITAL EDITION OF The 2016 Gear Guide! Sign Up Now! Subscribe Print Subscription Digital Subscriptions Renew Customer Service Give a Gift Buy Back Issues Follow Guitar World: Menu News Latest News View All When to Change Your Guitar Strings7 hours 10 min ago Brad Tolinski Discusses Jimi...8 hours 29 min ago See Robert Plant’s First ...12 hours 11 min ago Animals As Leaders Premiere ...1 day 7 hours ago Reviews View All Review: Boss Waza Craft CE-2W...1 day 5 hours ago Lists View All Stevie Ray Vaughan's 10 Greatest...1 day 6 hours ago Galleries View All Jason Narducy on Verbow,...2 weeks 2 days ago More Artist News Gear News Viral Videos Premieres Contests Lessons Latest Lessons View All MADD Men: The Minor Add-2 Arpeggio5 hours 12 min ago Navigating the Intricate Seven...5 hours 24 min ago How to Play Like DADGAD Pioneer...5 hours 54 min ago Combining Pentatonic Scales to...8 hours 59 min ago Columns View All How to Utilize Unusual Alternate...11 hours 17 min ago Letting Go of Our Perfectionist...3 days 5 hours ago Videos View All Why Every Guitarist Should...12 hours 24 min ago More Artists Metal Shred Rock Blues & Jazz Acoustic Gear Latest Gear View All When to Change Your Guitar Strings7 hours 10 min ago Review: Boss Waza Craft CE-2W...1 day 5 hours ago Review: Fender American...1 day 5 hours ago Steve Vai Shows the Creation of...1 day 11 hours ago Lists View All 11 Great Beginner Guitar Amps...3 days 6 hours ago Galleries View All NAMM 2017: Fender Unveils...1 month 2 weeks ago More Reviews Electrics Acoustics Basses Amplifiers Effects Accessories Artists Latest Artists View All Five Killer Rock-Song...1 day 6 hours ago Tommy Emmanuel's Jaw-Dropping...1 day 8 hours ago In Deep with Blues Masters John...1 day 10 hours ago Guns N’ Roses Onstage Fails:...1 day 11 hours ago Interviews View All Imagine Dragons’ Dan Reynolds...6 days 7 hours ago Lists View All Stevie Ray Vaughan's 10 Greatest...1 day 6 hours ago More Videos Lessons Galleries Store You are here Home › Artists › Artist News Peter Frampton Premieres New Song, "I Saved a Bird Today" Posted 03/09/2017 by Damian Fanelli , photo by John Lill Photography Continue Reading Related Articles Peter Frampton Talks Talk Boxes and Recording 'All Things Must Pass' George Harrison's 10 Greatest Guitar Moments After the Beatles Guest Starrs: The Top Five Guitar Moments on Ringo Starr Songs A while back, a bird crashed into Peter Frampton's window, knocking itself out. That experience—and the guitarist's efforts to help the defenseless animal—led to a new song, “I Saved a Bird Today.” Today, GuitarWorld.com presents the exclusive premiere of the track, plus Frampton's just-announced tour dates, all of which you can check out below. The song, which features a melodic acoustic guitar solo that starts at the 2:50 marker, strikes the ear as a nod to a few of Frampton's influences and friends; there's a touch of Django Reinhardt in the intro and an unmistakable smattering of what can only be called "George Harrison chords" during the verse (2:26). "'To care for one another is the reason we are here’—this lyric sums up the song for me," Frampton says. "We are all in uncharted territory right now. ‘Perhaps today, [the bird] was on her way to rescue me,’ which doesn’t seem too far off from what we all need. Politeness and caring for each other cannot be a thing of the past. I can’t explain how great the feeling was to have saved a life. Peace, love and truth trump hate every time.” The new tour dates include a relaunch of Peter Frampton Raw: An Acoustic Tour, which features longtime collaborator Gordon Kennedy and Peter's guitar-playing son, Julian. Frampton also will tour with the Steve Miller Band this summer. See below for full routing details and visit frampton.com. "I Saved a Bird Today" will be available via Amazon and iTunes Friday, March 10. Peter Frampton Live  March 13—Fort Lauderdale, FL—Rock & Romance Cruise (Full Band) March 24—New Albany, OH—McCoy Community Center for the Arts* March 26—Schermerhorn Symphony Center—Nashville, TN* March 29—Pabst Theater—Milwaukee, WI* March 30—Champaign, IL—Virginia Theatre* April 1—Skokie, IL—North Shore Center for the Performing Arts* April 2—Grand Rapids, MI—20 Monroe Live* April 4—Cleveland, OH—Playhouse Square Ohio Theatre* April 6—Peekskill, NY—Paramount Hudson Valley Theater* April 8—Kingston, NY—Ulster Performing Arts Center* April 9—Staten Island, NY—St. George Theatre* April 11—Londonderry, NH—Tupelo Music Hall* April 12—Rutland, VT—The Paramount Theatre* June 15—Holmdel, NJ—PNC Bank Arts Center† June 17—Wantagh, NY—Nikon at Jones Beach Theater† June 18—Hunter, NY—Mountain Jam Festival† June 20—Toronto, ONT—Budweiser Stage† June 21—Canadaigua, NY—Constellation Brands Marvin PAC† June 23—Columbia, MD—Merriweather Post Pavilion† June 24—Mashantucket, CT—The Grand Theater At Foxwoods Casino† June 25—Gilford, NH—Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion† June 27—Philadelphia, PA—Mann Center PAC† June 30—Verona, NY—Turning Stone Resort and Casino† July 1—Sterling Heights, MI—Michigan Lottery Theater at Freedom Hill† July 14—Hollywood, FL—Seminole Hard Rock Live† July 15—Estero, FL—Germain Arena† July 16—Alpharetta, GA—Verizon Wireless Amp† July 18—Rogers, AR—Walmart Amp† July 19—Kansas City, MO—Starlight Theatre† July 20—Aurora, IL—River Edge Park† July 22—Walker, MN—Moondance Jam† July 23—Welch, MN—Treasure Island Resort & Casino† July 25—Park City, KS—Hartman Arena† July 28—Tulsa, OK—River Spirit Casino† July 29—Thackerville, OK—WinStar World Casino† July 31—Morrison, CO—Red Rocks† August 2—Salt Lake City, UT—USANA Amp† August 4—Bend, OR—Les Schwab Amp† August 5—Auburn, WA—White River Amp† August 6—Troutdale, OR—McMenamins Edgefield† August 8—Las Vegas, NV—The Colosseum at Caesars Palace† August 9—Costa Mesa, CA—Pacific Amp† August 10—Los Angeles, CA—Greek Theatre† August 12—Mountain View, CA—Shoreline Amp† August 13—Murphy’s, CA—Ironstone Amp† *Raw: An Acoustic Tour †with The Steve Miller Band Up Next Next Article Metallica's 11 Angriest On-Camera Moments Artists: Peter Frampton View the discussion thread. Trending John Petrucci: “My Favorite Chord Is ‘The Alex Lifeson Chord’” John Petrucci went out for a drive... Kirk Hammett Reacts to 11 Bizarre Metallica Covers Very recently, Metallica's Kirk... The Top 10 Movies for Guitarists Most musicians love a good movie.... GuitarWorld on YouTube Subscribe To Our Channel Videos View All Why Harmonic Minor Is the Coolest Scale Titans of the guitar like Yngwie Malmsteen swear by the sound of the harmonic minor... Five Killer Rock-Song Arrangements for Classical Guitar We’ve said it once before—classical guitar isn’t limited to classical music. Tommy Emmanuel's Jaw-Dropping 12-Bar Blues If there's anyone who can shred on acoustic guitar with jaw-dropping effect, it's... Acoustic Nation View All How to Play Like Davey Graham A key figure of the early Sixties British folk revival, Davey Graham (1940–2008) was... Five Killer Rock-Song Arrangements for Classical Guitar We’ve said it once before—classical guitar isn’t limited to classical music. Tommy Emmanuel's Jaw-Dropping 12-Bar Blues If there's anyone who can shred on acoustic guitar with jaw-dropping effect, it's... Save 85% Subscribe Sign Up Now! Print Subscription Digital Subscriptions Renew Customer Service Give a Gift Buy Back Issues Follow Guitar World: News Lessons Gear Artists Lists Shop About Us Advertising Marketing Services RSS Feed Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contests Newsletter Customer Service FAQ Ad Choices Media Kit Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Business Gambling Supporters Say Casino Expansion In Other States Threatens Connecticut's Casinos Mashantucket Tribal Council Talks Casinos Rodney Butler from the Mashantucket Tribal Council speaks before a casino hearing. Rodney Butler from the Mashantucket Tribal Council speaks before a casino hearing. Kenneth R. Gosselin Contact ReporterProperty Line A fierce debate over casino expansion in Connecticut spilled over into the legislature Thursday during a hearing on two bills that would take the state in different directions in establishing a third casino. On the one side, supporters of a vision by the Mashantucket Pequots and Mohegans for a satellite casino in East Windsor. They stressed the tribes' deep roots in Connecticut and their longtime partnership with the state that has brought $7 billion in slot revenue to the state coffers from Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun. But on the other side, there was an equally strong push for a new approach: cast a wider net for proposals and operators that might benefit Connecticut even more. Those proposals could be compared with what the Mashantucket Pequots and Mohegans — the operators of Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun — are offering. Dozens packed a room at the Legislative Office Building for a hearing before the public safety and security committee, and each side came ready with a battery of experts. The consultants covered everything from where a third casino would generate the most revenue and jobs for the state to how the tribes' agreements with the state that provide a 25 percent cut of slot revenues would be affected by expansion. So many numbers were thrown around Thursday that at one point state Rep. Daniel S. Rovero, D-Killingly, suggested the committee hire its own consultant for advice. "We have no expert in the gaming industry to assist us," Rovero said. "None of us are experts in the gaming industry." The committee also heard from another Native American tribe in addition to East Windsor officials and residents, and opponents to casino gambling. The leaders of the tribes urged the committee to support its plan for East Windsor, a strategy to compete with the $950 million casino and entertainment complex now under construction in Springfield by MGM Resorts International Inc. Heated Exchange Between MGM Rep, East Windsor Senator Heated exchange between Uri Clinton of MGM and Senator Tim Larson during a public hearing Thursday on the casino expansion bills before the legislature's public safety and security committee Heated exchange between Uri Clinton of MGM and Senator Tim Larson during a public hearing Thursday on the casino expansion bills before the legislature's public safety and security committee See more videos Rodney Butler, chairman of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribe, warned that delaying a response could cost the state $70 million in slot revenue and 9,000 jobs tied directly and indirectly to the state's gaming industry. "We had no idea of the magnitude of the impact on the Connecticut gaming market," Butler said. MGM, which has pushed aggressively for opening up the field of proposals, has challenged in court the 2015 law that allowed the tribes to search for a casino location. MGM argues since the casino would be off tribal lands, the deal unfairly excludes other potential operators. "The key question for this committee and the General Assembly to consider is how can the state structure a competitive process in a way that maximizes the number of jobs created and the tax revenue for the state," Uri Clinton, senior vice president and legal counsel at MGM Resorts, said in testimony. During Clinton's testimony, Sen. Timothy D. Larson, D-East Hartford and the committee's co-chair, ripped into MGM for circulating a "glossy" brochure in East Windsor that criticized how the town arrived at a casino development agreement. One side of the brochure, which Larson held up, reads: East Windsor Casino Agreement: Negotiated in Secret Behind Closed Doors, Decided Without a Town-Wide Referendum. Larson, a staunch supporter of the tribes' vision for casino expansion, said he was never approached by lobbyists or casino representatives in 2015. There was the belief that the expansion would never happen, said Larson, whose district includes East Windsor. "And now, we're at the 5-yard line, and all of a sudden you are [harming] my residents' reputation and you don't even want to be in that community," Larson said to Clinton. "And I just want you to know how offended I am by that." Tribes Release Rendering of Proposed East Windsor Casino Tecton Architects MMCT Ventures, a partnership of the operators of Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun, Wednesday released this rendering of a proposed casino in East Windsor MMCT Ventures, a partnership of the operators of Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun, Wednesday released this rendering of a proposed casino in East Windsor (Tecton Architects) In an interview after the exchange, Clinton said he respected Larson's passion and commitment to his constituents. "The city of East Windsor could actually do much better," Clinton said. "In a closed, no-bid process that is not open for competition, the deal they got is what they could get. In a competitive process, all the bids would be richer, the economic benefit to the state would be greater and the contribution to the state's infrastructure would be greater." Clinton said MGM took the step of the brochure because it has been shut out from the process. Robert Maynard, East Windsor's first selectman, told committee members that the selection of his town to host the casino would bring much-needed tax revenue to the community and boost economic development efforts. He stood and held up a rendering of the casino. "We have this vacant Showcase Cinema, vacant since 2008," Maynard said. "It's kind of an eyesore now. This is something we really like. This is something we would really like to see." Large portions of Thursday's hearing focused on the tribes' agreements that bring the slot revenue payments to the state in exchange for the exclusive right to operate casinos in Connecticut. MGM's experts warned it could be in peril if the state pursues expansion, even if it is Mashantucket Pequots and Mohegans doing it. The tribes say they have proposed amendments to keep the agreements — known as the compact — intact with an expansion to East Windsor. They point to a letter from the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs last year that didn't find a problem if the tribes did the expanding. Gov. Dannel P. Malloy has asked the state attorney general for a legal opinion on the issue. In addition to MGM, the Kent-based Schaghticoke tribal nation pushed for opening up the field of potential casino operators. The tribe has repeatedly expressed interest in establishing a casino in southwestern Connecticut. East Windsor Board of Selectmen Backs Casino Agreement After a public hearing Saturday, the East Windsor board of selectmen approved an agreement for a casino that would compete with a larger one in Springfield. After a public hearing Saturday, the East Windsor board of selectmen approved an agreement for a casino that would compete with a larger one in Springfield. See more videos "Southwestern Connecticut offers a growing opportunity that is five times the size of the market north of Hartford, a market that can only decline with high-end competition from Springfield," Richard Velky, the chief of the Schaghticoke tribal nation, said. "And because a commercial casino off tribal land does not require federal recognition, Connecticut citizens should demand a better deal — so why not us?" Those testifying Thursday also underscored that the committee should not ignore the potential social costs of more casino gambling. "These include increased debt, bankruptcies, embezzlement, divorce, domestic violence, drunk driving and addiction," the Rev. Denise Terry, an East Windsor resident and senior pastor of the East Granby Congregational Church, said. "As a recovering impulsive gambler, I am particularly sensitive to this issue. I don't want to live less than 3 miles from a casino, and to pass it at least twice a day." The bills must be acted upon by the committee by March 16, the committee's deadline for sending legislation to the full House and Senate for consideration. Caption Proposed Bill Would Extend Time For Towns To Craft Budgets Press conferences on a bill to extend time for towns to craft their budget. (Mark Mirko) Press conferences on a bill to extend time for towns to craft their budget. (Mark Mirko) Caption Proposed Bill Would Extend Time For Towns To Craft Budgets Press conferences on a bill to extend time for towns to craft their budget. (Mark Mirko) Press conferences on a bill to extend time for towns to craft their budget. (Mark Mirko) Caption CSCU President Mark Ojakian Talks Budget With Students Mark Ojakian, president of Connecticut State Colleges & Universities answers students’ questions about the impact of a projected $33 million budget gap for next year. Mark Ojakian, president of Connecticut State Colleges & Universities answers students’ questions about the impact of a projected $33 million budget gap for next year. Caption Former President George W. Bush says his recent remarks have been misconstrued as criticism of Trump Former President George W. Bush on Wednesday pushed back at the notion that his recent remarks about the media were criticisms of President Donald Trump. “I’m asked the question, ‘Do I believe in free press?’ and the answer is absolutely, I believe in free press … because the press holds people to account,” he said. “Power is very addictive and its corrosive if it becomes central to your life and therefore there needs to be an independent group people who hold you to account. Former President George W. Bush on Wednesday pushed back at the notion that his recent remarks about the media were criticisms of President Donald Trump. “I’m asked the question, ‘Do I believe in free press?’ and the answer is absolutely, I believe in free press … because the press holds people to account,” he said. “Power is very addictive and its corrosive if it becomes central to your life and therefore there needs to be an independent group people who hold you to account. Caption President Trump announces 'VOICE' office to publicize alleged crimes by immigrants President Trump announced that he has ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office called VOICE, Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement, to publicize the stories of victims of alleged crimes committed by immigrants, which he believes "have been ignored" by the media. Feb. 28, 2017.  President Trump announced that he has ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office called VOICE, Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement, to publicize the stories of victims of alleged crimes committed by immigrants, which he believes "have been ignored" by the media. Feb. 28, 2017.  Caption Why Democratic women wore white Hillary Clinton also wore white at major campaign events and at Trump’s inauguration. (March 1, 2017) Hillary Clinton also wore white at major campaign events and at Trump’s inauguration. (March 1, 2017) Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Hartford Courant MGM Inc. MGM Resorts International Connecticut General Assembly Obits e-Newspaper Breaking Sports Video Politics Community Most Viewed 32°
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / PaymentsSource Announces the 2017 Most Influential Women in Payments PaymentsSource Announces the 2017 Most Influential Women in Payments Posted on March 9, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Twenty-five executives chosen for exceptional achievement and innovation New York, NY (PRWEB) March 09, 2017 PaymentsSource, SourceMedia’s resource for payments professionals, has announced the 2017 ranking of the 25 Most Influential Women in Payments. The 5th annual ranking is now live at the PaymentsSource website, which introduced an all-new user experience in December. PaymentsSource will recognize this year’s honorees on Monday, May 8, in a special ceremony at the 29th Annual Card Forum & Expo. Card Forum & Expo is hosted by PaymentsSource and American Banker and will be held at the Hilton Austin. “The Most Influential Women in Payments are the payments industry’s elite,” said Daniel Wolfe, Editor-in-Chief of PaymentsSource. “These executives and entrepreneurs are steering legacy companies as if they were startups, making aggressive bets on new ideas and investments, and developing technologies that will revolutionize global commerce." Selected by the editors of PaymentsSource, this year’s honorees are trailblazers in businesses as diverse as the payments industry itself: banking, processing, retail, venture capital, technology and merchant acquiring. PaymentsSource's 25 Most Influential Women in Payments for 2017 (in alphabetical order) · Diana Adachi, Accenture · Lou Anne Alexander, Early Warning · Janet Bannister, Real Ventures · Kamila Chytil, MoneyGram · Monica Eaton-Cardone, Chargebacks 911 · Suzan Denoncourt, Ingenico · Janet Estep, NACHA · Cecilia Frew, Visa · Reetika Grewal, Silicon Valley Bank · Kathy Hanna, Kroger · Martina Hund-Mejean, Mastercard · Carol Juel, Synchrony Financial · Kara Kazazean, Walmart · Afra Khan, PaidUp · Pam Joseph, TSYS · Heather Lamont, BMO · Christine Larsen, First Data · Leslie McNamara, Citigroup · Racy Morgan, US Bank · Amy Parsons, Discover · Archana “Archie” Puri, Braintree · Jennifer Roberts, JPMorgan Chase · Paulette Rowe, Barclaycard · Serena Smith, FIS Global · Susan Sobbott, American Express About PaymentsSource PaymentsSource is the leading independent information resource dedicated to serving all global payments constituencies — financial services, retail, technology, startup, investment and venture capital. The PaymentsSource product suite includes a paid-subscription content service at PaymentsSource.com, annual events and conferences, and research and marketing solutions. About SourceMedia SourceMedia, an Observer Capital company, is a business-to-business digital marketing services, subscription Information, and event company serving senior-level professionals in the financial, technology and healthcare sectors. Brands include American Banker, PaymentsSource, The Bond Buyer, Financial Planning, Accounting Today, Mergers & Acquisitions, National Mortgage News, Employee Benefit News and Health Data Management. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14132235.htm Latest News Crowdfunding Backers Help Stylish, Lightweight and Waterproof Floafers Shoes More Than Double Product Campaign Goal on Kickstarter, Raising Over $73,000 and Counting Lucas Group Launches Local Engagement Campaign, “Together, We Own Houtson” PaymentsSource Announces the 2017 Most Influential Women in Payments The Macula Vision Research Foundation (MVRF) & VisionCare, Inc. Announce Partnership to Increase Awareness of Treatments for Age-Related Macular Degeneration SBS Group Selected as an Indirect Cloud Solution Provider by Microsoft The Chemico Group Appoints Samuel Spencer Chief Financial Officer ASNC Announces the ASNC2017 Call for Abstracts ASNC Announces the ASNC2017 Call for Abstracts National Nonprofit Good360 Earns Coveted 4-Star Rating from Charity Navigator AI Foundry Named Amongst “20 Most Promising BPM Solution Providers 2017” by CIOReview © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / National Nonprofit Good360 Earns Coveted 4-Star Rating from Charity Navigator National Nonprofit Good360 Earns Coveted 4-Star Rating from Charity Navigator Posted on March 9, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Good360 recently received a 4-star rating from Charity Navigator, an independent charity evaluator. This honor indicates Good360's commitment to transparency and fiscal responsibility as a non-profit organization. Alexandria, VA (PRWEB) March 09, 2017 Good360, a global leader in product philanthropy and purposeful giving, recently earned a 4-star rating from Charity Navigator, America’s largest independent charity evaluator. The 4-star rating is a result of Good360 maintaining strong financial health and a commitment to accountability and transparency in its efforts to ensure that nonprofit organizations across the US and around the world have access to product donations that allow them to fulfill their own local mandates and missions.     Since 2002, using objective analysis, Charity Navigator has awarded only the most fiscally responsible organizations a 4-star rating. In 2011, Charity Navigator added 17 metrics, focused on governance and ethical practices as well as measures of openness, to its ratings methodology. These Accountability & Transparency metrics, which account for 50 percent of a charity’s overall rating, reveal which charities operate in accordance with industry best practices and whether they are open with their donors and stakeholders. On June 1, 2016, Charity Navigator upgraded its methodology for rating each charity’s financial health with CN 2.1. These enhancements further substantiate the financial health of its 4-star charities. “Good360’s exceptional 4-star rating sets it apart from its peers and demonstrates its trustworthiness to the public,” according to Michael Thatcher, President & CEO of Charity Navigator. “Only a quarter of charities rated by Charity Navigator receive the distinction of our 4-star rating. This adds Good360 to a preeminent group of charities working to overcome our world’s most pressing challenges. Based on its 4-star rating, people can trust that their donations are going to a financially responsible and ethical charity when they decide to support Good360.” “It is important that our donors trust that we are distributing their product donations wisely in order to serve our network of more than 57,000 nonprofit members,” said Howard Sherman, CEO of Good360. “Our 4-star Charity Navigator rating demonstrates to our supporters our good governance and financial accountability.” Good360’s rating and other information about charitable giving are available free of charge on http://www.charitynavigator.org. More-detailed information about Good360’s rating is available to Charity Navigator site visitors who become registered users, another free service. About Good360     Good360’s mission is to help people in need by inspiring companies to support nonprofits, and does so by connecting companies that have products to donate with nonprofits who need them. Since 1983, Good360 has distributed more than $9 billion in donated goods in the US and around the world, helping its network of more than 57,000 prequalified nonprofit members strengthen communities and improve the lives of millions of people in need. In 2016 alone, Good360 distributed $400 million in product and supported recovery efforts in a number of domestic and international disaster-impacted areas through its DisasterRecovery360 initiative. Good360 is an innovative leader in socially responsible product giving that delivers mutual benefit to both its nonprofit and corporate partners. The organization is proud to partner with corporations such as Walmart, UPS, CVS Health Foundation, Nike, IKEA, Sears, The Home Depot, Grainger, 3M, Mattel, Crayola, Gap, Inc., ANN INC., and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Good360 is a cause-neutral 501(c)(3) nonprofit headquartered in Alexandria, VA. Learn more at http://www.good360.org. About Charity Navigator Charity Navigator, http://www.charitynavigator.org, is the largest charity evaluator in America and its website attracts more visitors than all other charity rating groups combined. The organization helps guide intelligent giving by evaluating the Financial Health and Accountability & Transparency of more than 8,000 charities. Charity Navigator accepts no advertising or donations from the organizations it evaluates, ensuring unbiased evaluations, nor does it charge the public for this trusted data. As a result, Charity Navigator, a 501 (c) (3) public charity itself, depends on support from individuals, corporations and foundations that believe it provides a much-needed service to America's charitable givers. Charity Navigator, can be reached directly by telephone at (201) 818-1288, or by mail at 139 Harristown Road, Suite 101, Glen Rock, N.J., 07452. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14133096.htm Latest News Crowdfunding Backers Help Stylish, Lightweight and Waterproof Floafers Shoes More Than Double Product Campaign Goal on Kickstarter, Raising Over $73,000 and Counting Lucas Group Launches Local Engagement Campaign, “Together, We Own Houtson” PaymentsSource Announces the 2017 Most Influential Women in Payments The Macula Vision Research Foundation (MVRF) & VisionCare, Inc. Announce Partnership to Increase Awareness of Treatments for Age-Related Macular Degeneration SBS Group Selected as an Indirect Cloud Solution Provider by Microsoft The Chemico Group Appoints Samuel Spencer Chief Financial Officer ASNC Announces the ASNC2017 Call for Abstracts ASNC Announces the ASNC2017 Call for Abstracts National Nonprofit Good360 Earns Coveted 4-Star Rating from Charity Navigator AI Foundry Named Amongst “20 Most Promising BPM Solution Providers 2017” by CIOReview © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Clear54° FULL FORECASTClear54° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Business Two USF grads help rebuild a troubled Tampa community as they build their business US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Remains of St. Pete World War 2 pilot return after seven decades National Book Critics Circle awards go to Margaret Atwood, Louise Erdrich and more Days after rescue, kidnapped woman still without her children Gov. Scott takes cop-slaying case from Orlando prosecutor over her refusal to seek death penalty McDonald's claims Twitter account was hacked after post insulting Trump News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Courts Florida Supreme Court defines 'sexual intercourse' in question arising from HIV case Top News Gov. Scott takes cop-slaying case from Orlando prosecutor over her refusal to seek death penalty McDonald's claims Twitter account was hacked after post insulting Trump Video: Sean Spicer gets heated in explaining that Trump 'stands by' wiretapping claim Intel senators: No indication Trump Tower was surveilled House Republicans move plan that would deny food stamps to 229,000 Floridians Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Spring Training Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Morgan Rielly not surprised by Brayden Point's emergence Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Photo gallery: University of Florida Gators vs. East Tennessee State Buccaneers East Region: Florida silences doubters, dispatches East Tennessee State 80-65 USA Gymnastics president resigns amid abuse scandal Even during a trying season, USF women meet NCAA tourney expectations Spin doctors: Pinpointing the reasons for a pitcher's success Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Movies Review: 'Beauty and the Beast' has none of the original's magic Top News New York Times writes '36 Hours' on St. Pete Beach. Did they get it right? Review: 'Alex Katz: Black and White' surveys a colorful career Plan your weekend: St. Patrick's Day, Broadway's 'Once,' Jason Isbell and John Hiatt at Busch Gardens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Trump budget cuts put Florida coast at risk Top Opinion Editorial: Trump budget cuts put Florida coast at risk A Dallas Morning News editorial: Today's teens are 'wired and tired,' but they're not wasted Column: Why I'm moving home Column: Appeals court judges rebuke Trump for 'personal attacks' on judiciary, 'intimidation' Henderson: Don't just gripe, do something about neighborhood trash Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News National Book Critics Circle awards go to Margaret Atwood, Louise Erdrich and more Vinoy resort in breaks ground on marina restaurant Holland tulips a magical sight from river cruise on the Rhine Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Residents, others raise concerns about proposed gun range south of Brooksville Barbara Behrendt, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles BARBARA BEHRENDTTampa Bay Times Thursday, March 9, 2017 8:00am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged BROOKSVILLE — Concerns about the safety of nearby residents, consistency with the county's master plan for growth and other issues could derail a plan by two Tampa residents who want to build a gun range south of Brooksville. Related News/Archive Brooksville council raises concerns over downtown seating area 6 Months Ago Sen. Marco Rubio concerned about Trump's proposed budget cuts 2 Weeks Ago Zika ravages testes of mice; study raises concern about men 4 Months Ago The proposed rezoning of 10.4 acres on Bubbles Lane, east of Hope Hill Road, by AKLA LLC to allow for the training range has brought a recommendation of denial by the county's planning staff. The Planning and Zoning Commission will consider the rezoning Monday. The County Commission will make the final determination. The pistol range and training area itself is proposed for 2.63 acres and is one aspect of a self-defense program that would also include escape and hand-to-hand training, according to the narrative submitted by AKLA. No residential uses are planned on that portion of the property, but the owners plan homes on adjacent lots that they have already purchased. A rifle-shooting area might be added later, according to the applicants, Anthony Kuntz and Lane Andrews, who operate two self-defense studios in Tampa. Currently a smaller portion of the Hernando property, just over a half-acre, is set up for shooting. Front, rear and side buffers, as well as berms, are planned for the shooting area, and the narrative also notes that the shooting area is surrounded by a thickly wooded backdrop. "This project will have no more impact on local infrastructure than a private picnic site would," the application stated. "No sewer or water connection is proposed. Actual training sessions are only planned to occur once every 2-3 months, typically on Saturdays, and will likely each consist of about 15 trainees arriving in 8 to 10 cars." Nearby resident Karen Michelle Jacko has heard frequent gunfire from the site, according to emails she sent to county planners. On Feb. 8, she reported a third consecutive day of guns firing. "We were told it would be only one day a month," Jacko wrote. "Perhaps I'll start recording the noise in my house." Brooksville resident Stanley Zakubowski urged neighbors to lobby city and county officials to oppose the rezoning. He complains that the two owners will conduct gun training on their property. "Guns shooting within walking distance to churches, schools, Walmart, Lowe's, downtown Brooksville. I don't think so," Zakubowski wrote. The rezoning is also opposed by C. Powers Dorsett III, a prominent landowner in the area. He writes: "Needless to say, we are quite concerned about the possibility of the noise from machine gun fire, in addition to the risks of stray bullets, in an area which is primarily residential and near Southern Hills (Plantation Club). "I'm hopeful the staff will be opposed to the request." The staff recommendation of denial also includes concerns voiced by other agencies. The Hernando County Sheriff's Office review notes that the 6-foot berms planned in the shooting area are inadequate. And development of future parcels in the area could put those sites at risk of bullets coming from the range. The city of Brooksville mentions concerns about the range being too near the Brooksville Hope Hill Wellfield, without an analysis of how pollutants might affect the city's water supply. City officials also agree that the proposed berms would not be adequate. County planners conclude that the proposed activity is an "incompatible encroachment into the rural subdivision.'' The inadequacy of buffers and berms, a lack of information about potential pollutants, the impacts of sound from the range and a below-standard access road to the site are other issues raised by the county staff, all of which contributed to the recommendation that the Planning and Zoning Commission and the County Commission deny the request. Contact Barbara Behrendt at bbehrendt@tampabay.com or (352) 848-1434. Residents, others raise concerns about proposed gun range south of Brooksville 03/09/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, March 8, 2017 5:18pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Timex Watches Why Timex Is the Best Watch for the Money An anti-investment piece with real value. by Troy Patterson @untitledproject More stories by Troy Patterson March 9, 2017, 6:00 AM EST “If I say to an American person, ‘It takes a licking,’ they will continue the phrase,” said Silvio Leonardi, an Italy-born executive at the Holland-based parent company of Timex. Leonardi is its senior vice president of international markets, and his mission is to keep Timex ticking as a worldwide style item. Some of us have always known Timex to be, in cultural terms, the best watch money can buy. Historically, the brand has stood for no-nonsense, all-American classicism, offering an escape from the status-watch game. George W. Bush wore one as president to shore up his common-man bona fides—notwithstanding that a Timex is also a totem called out in The Official Preppy Handbook. People at the company like to tell anecdotes of their chief executive showing up at a conference wearing the Easy Reader—available on the company’s website for as little as $30—and proceeding to confer with another captain of industry who is wearing the same model attached to a crocodile strap.   The Engineered Garments x Beams Boy x Timex Camper. Source: Baacon Company The appeal is as durable as the product itself. Just ask the tastemakers at Japan’s Engineered Garments, who released a $100 barber-clock version of the Camper in a run of 3,000 units last spring, which sold out in two hours. From Tokyo, to London, to a display case in a hip men’s shop near you, Timex is leveraging its heritage (and consumer affection for that heritage) by turning to trendsetters attuned to retro-chic aesthetics. This month, the company released an Expedition Acadia field watch created with the gentrified blue-collar brand Carhartt WIP. It sold out before menswear bloggers could finish breathlessly announcing its existence. Carhartt WIP x Timex Expedition Acadia. Source: Carhartt WIP Also this month, a two-year-old subdivision called Timex Archive will deliver its latest batch of attractive throwbacks, the Metropolis collection, in upscale department stores around the globe. In the U.S., you’re most likely to find them at Nordstrom and American Rag. The watches are inspired by Vietnam War-era military models, and they’re notable for well-crafted reversible straps and funky crystals—“smoked and colored lenses,” the company calls them, as if spinning them as accessories akin to fun sunglasses. Meanwhile, Timex created three special-editions, produced in runs of 100 units each, for the dapper dans who shop Mr. Porter, a tribe more closely associated with Rolex. “For a company like us, 100 units each is basically wasting money. I see it much more as a communications opportunity,’ Leonardi said. “I’m not making the company richer. I’m making the brand stronger.”   From left: the Timex + Todd Snyder Military Watch 2.0; the Timex + Red Wing Shoe Leather Chronograph, and the Timex + Todd Snyder Military Watch. Source: Todd Snyder In July, the company will do its fourth collaboration with Todd Snyder. The designer's relationship with Timex dates to his tenure as head of men's design at J. Crew; Timex first tested the waters of fashion with a 2008 collaboration on a field watch. “My father and my grandfather wore them,” said Snyder. “It was the most elegant utilitarian watch at the time. It just had such a broad appeal.” Here, the designer hits on a key point of the brand’s identity as a style item: Any yahoo with money can buy an expensive watch, but a Timex, with its unique weave of personal and pop-cultural nostalgia, has a special route to achieving sentimental value.  Ryan Babenzien knows it well. His footwear brand Greats is in the early stages of working with Timex on a reissue of the Skindiver, a watch his grandfather gave him as a child after he had outgrown the earlier gift of a Mickey Mouse Timex. “Nostalgia is huge reason I want to tell that story through this watch,” he said. To appreciate what Leonardi has created—a state of affairs in which the plain face of the 100-million-selling Easy Reader pops up in precious specialty shops—we need a bit of context. Timex Group, founded in 1854 as the Waterbury Clock Company, is effectively divided into three parts.  The Timex Easy Reader (left) and the Weekender. Source: Timex   There’s the mass-market division that places timepieces in Walmart and the sports and technology division that wants to sell you an Ironman. Then there is Timex Boutique, which is where Leonardi comes in. One part of its mission is to distribute slightly fancier Timex models to department stores, watch shops, and, increasingly, fashion retailers.  The series of collaborations resembles an adaptation of the sneaker-drop strategy that builds buzz, earns free press, and encourages hardcore fans to build the brand’s aura. There’s a watch for would-be woodsmen in their Red Wings and one for U.K. skaters who shop at Goodhood. Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us. Get our weekly Pursuits newsletter. Sign Up Like the Timex Archive adventure, the Mr. Porter collaboration puts Timex in the arena of a fun, impulsive purchase for the person who may own a watch that costs 100 times as much. In the same shop where you can buy a $2,000 Gucci belt, you can pick up a $150 timepiece from the Archive’s customizable Mix line via its toy-like, in-store display—a turntable featuring 12 different cases and 12 different Italian-made straps. “For a certain kind of consumer, it’s a no-brainer,” Leonardi says. Watches from Timex Archive's Metropolis collection. Source: Timex The aim is to get inside of your head, or, even better, inside the head of a 15-year-old who had never previously thought of owning a watch. “It’s about talking with people who are not wearing a watch, period,” Leonardi said.  While playing the long game with marketing, they are, in the short term, benefiting from lucky timing. A number of the watches named above involve new takes on models originally worn by service members. Timex, with its long history of military design, is fortunate that its style-conscious pivot is also happening alongside our ongoing fashion moment of bombers, field jackets, and omnipresent camouflage print. “We have to sell the watch as a fashion accessory,” Leonardi said. “The beauty of this is that we have started at the worst moment in watch history.” He spoke of a retail slump with some degree of excitement. “These are the moments when big things happen.”  The Timex × have a good time × Beams Camper. Source: Beams Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Troy Patterson @untitledproject Read This Next This Year, Invest in a Better Life Story For Yourself How One of New York’s Best Bartenders Makes A Manhattan at Home In Retail’s Slump, Saks Looks to Woo Guys with DJs, Putt-Putt Golf This Preppy Hunting Jacket Is Now Office-Appropriate How to Find Peace Through Watchmaking Most Read Trump’s Second Bid at Travel Ban Knocked Down by Two U.S. Judges Yellen Calms Fears Fed’s Policy Trigger Finger Is Getting Itchy Trump Plans Historic Cuts Across Government to Fund Defense Dutch Liberals Defeat Wilders’s Party in Blow to Populist Surge Trump Says He Based Charge of Obama Wiretapping on Media Reports Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 33° Munster, IN (46321) Today Plenty of sunshine. High 37F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with light rain developing after midnight. Low 28F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 70%. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 1:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Region leaders react to Trump budget plan: 'We all stand to lose quite a bit' Close 1 of 2 Buy Now Damian Rico The Times El Popular President and CEO Edward Garza recalls his earliest days of working for his father in the family owned company at a packing plant in Valparaiso. When he was 9 years old, he worked Saturdays doing odd jobs for his family and mixing spices for the chorizo, mole and chocolate they produce. Buy Now Damian Rico The Times El Popular President and CEO Edward Garza goes over Safe Quality Food documentation with General Manager Sandra Navejas at the company's Valparaiso packing plant. "I have great people in different positions that make the wheel continue to roll forward, that's a lot of what helps me do what I need to do," Garza said. editor's pick urgent Worker profile: El Popular Inc. CEO carries on family legacy Anna Ortiz Times Correspondent Mar 9, 2017 Buy Now Damian Rico The Times El Popular President and CEO Edward Garza recalls his earliest days of working for his father in the family owned company at a packing plant in Valparaiso. When he was 9 years old, he worked Saturdays doing odd jobs for his family and mixing spices for the chorizo, mole and chocolate they produce. Buy Now Damian Rico The Times El Popular President and CEO Edward Garza goes over Safe Quality Food documentation with General Manager Sandra Navejas at the company's Valparaiso packing plant. "I have great people in different positions that make the wheel continue to roll forward, that's a lot of what helps me do what I need to do," Garza said. Edward Garza has kept a secret since he was 9 years old. Forty-five years later, that secret has been the basis for growing his family legacy far beyond the reaches of its beginnings in Northwest Indiana. Garza is the president/CEO of El Popular Inc., which his grandfather Vincent Garza created in 1927 as Mexican Specialties Co. Over the years they have produced and distributed more than 500 Mexican delectable goods, using secret family recipes inspired by past generations. Today, they distribute their three main goods across the nation: Chorizo (seasoned pork sausage), mole (a Mexican cocoa-based sauce) and Mexican chocolate. Garza has memories when he was 9 years old, he worked Saturdays doing odd jobs for his family and mixing spices for the chorizo, mole and chocolate. "It was the family secret recipe, only family members were able to produce that blend," Garza said. Today, Garza's role at the company is multi-faceted. He manages employees at both the company's locations in Valparaiso and East Chicago, works with brokers and distributors, travels to meet clients across the country, is involved with marketing and advertisement design, conducts sales, does trade shows and helps host community events. "The work that I do is so vast, I can't even figure out what I do," Garza joked. "Every day is something different. One day could start at 2:30 a.m. at an airport, or I could be on the phone with distributors for a good part of the day, or at a meeting with our USDA meat inspectors. There's no time that I punch in and punch out. I am always punched in." When Garza became the CEO 15 years ago, he changed the name of the business to its current title and narrowed down the hundreds of products to the three main products they sell today. "I really focused on what was the most important aspects of the business," Garza said. "I wanted us to become a national company, and that's hard to do when you're producing 500 items... Now our distribution stretches from the Rocky Mountains to the East Coast." Today, he works with local shops, food service businesses, restaurants and big retailers like Walmart and Meijer, to name a few. Garza's most recent focus is expanding a line of grilling sausage called Longianiza and also taco meats for restaurants. He is also working on manufacturing all-soy and all-natural chorizos. Sandra Navejas, general manager, has worked with the Garza's for 15 years. She aids him in several areas of the business, one of which is to track and record production and shipping conditions to comply with their stringent food safety certifications. "One thing I want to mention is that [Edward] gives us confidence to do our best. ..." Navejas said. "He gives everyone their space to work to their abilities." Edward Garza said many of his employees have been with the company for several years. "I have great people in different positions that make the wheel continue to roll forward, that's a lot of what helps me do what I need to do," Edward Garza said. How he got the job Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. It's a longer story than most. Garza's family's story began four generations ago, when his grandfather moved to the Region in the 1920s from the city of Monterrey, Mexico, in the state Nuevo Leon. Garza said he migrated to this area because of the recruiting boom at the steel mills, which promised steady work and good pay. His grandfather opened a tailor shop during the Great Depression, but was hit by a sudden turn of events. "One night the store was robbed," Garza said. "The way it was explained to me by my uncle, is that when they stole everything, they stole everything. They even stole the garbage. He said it almost looked like they emptied the building and swept the floors. It was cleaned out. Back in those days you couldn't afford to buy new machines." So his grandfather, Vincent Garza, found a different path: "Fulfilling the needs of the Mexican people." He used recipes from his mother and grandmother and manufacture edible goods he would sell both locally and on the streets of Chicago. His grandfather passed the reins on to Garza's father and uncles in the 1960s and in 1981 Garza's father, Richard Garza, became the sole owner. In 2002, Edward Garza took on leadership of the business, per his aspirations and education in business administration. Expected job growth According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, top executive positions such as Garza's are expected to grow in number by about 6 percent between 2014 and 2024, which is on par with the national average. However, the job growth of food processing workers is estimated to grow by only 2 percent between 2014 and 2024. +4 Lake County: Where the jobs are The lakefront is pitched as a tourist attraction, but for many people it's their workshop. +4 Region exports steel to neighbor nations When it comes to the U.S. steel industry and international trade, the talk is usually about … +3 Made in NWI: ArcelorMittal develops, produces advanced high-strength steel Northwest Indiana is making much stronger grades of steel for the next generation of lighter… Edward Garza Age:54 Lives: Valparaiso Occupation: CEO/president Where Works: El Popular, Inc. Education: Indiana State University bachelor's  in business administration and master's in business administration at National Louis University, Chicago. Hobbies: Hunting, kayaking, hiking A Region that Works: Meet people hard at work across Northwest Indiana Getting to know workers in the Region across a diverse set of fields. Related to this topic A Region that Works: Meet people hard at work across Northwest Indiana Tags Edward Garza Food Processing Workers Food Safety Certifications Ceo /president Mexican Specialties Company Food Service Businesses Business Local Commerce Economics Recipe Secret Goods Company Vincent Garza Work Latest in section Made in NWI: Passing down heritage pride Art is smart at Purdue Northwest Working in the Region: Dan Bedoy A Region that Works: Meet people hard at work across Northwest Indiana Worker profile: Certified financial planner, financial adviser at Lakeside Wealth Management Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Missing Schererville teen has been located Gordmans, Family Christian going out of business UPDATE: Lake, Porter could see 2 to 5 inches of snow Monday E.C. Central suffers questionable loss, while Merrillville rolls First Northwest Indiana Sonic to skate in to Michigan City Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents National News 4-year-old takes flight amid high winds Basketball March Madness: The history of the 12-5 upset +7 Lifestyles DIY work on older houses takes extra know-how, flexibility Jussie Smollett of 'Empire' gets political in new video Angel Parra, Chilean diaspora singer, is buried in Paris Indiana fires Tom Crean after nine seasons Disappointing Georgia season ends, focus turns to next year Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Doelling Decorating Center 753 Washington, Valparaiso, IN 46383 Gutter Guru Inc Proudly serving Porter County, Portage, IN 46368 Ads Be Your Very Best by Diana Govert 102 South Union Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads B&E Recreation 1006 US Highway 30, Valparaiso, IN 46383 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Jamila D. Miller, D.D.S., M.S.D. Do you have bite problems? ? If you're looking for a dentist with extensive experience in Prosthodontics , call Dr. Jamilia D. Miller's office today 219-836-4214 Updated Mar 9, 2017 Dream Big Gymnastics Why Gymnastics? Visit our Website to Find Out Why. CLICK HERE or Call Dream Big Gymnastics Today! (708) 650-0916 Updated Mar 9, 2017 Ryan Spangler- State Farm #1 in Customer Satisfaction! Request a Quote with Ryan Spangler - State Farm and get a FREE GIFT CARD! *Mention This Ad* Updated Mar 9, 2017 Jack & Vernon's Septic Service Need an Estimate for Septic or Sewer Problems? Call Jack & Vernon's Septic Service Today! Updated Mar 9, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← PATRIOTS: Here’s HOW To Keep Your TV & CAR From Spying On You Tecumseh → McCain Institute’s Failure To Use Donations For Anti-Trafficking Purposes Raises Questions Posted on March 9, 2017 by Paul Disobedient Media – by William Craddick Questions about John McCain’s foundation have arisen amid revelations that, for the last several years the foundation has not been using its donations, instead depositing small amounts of their large endowment into the Arizona State University Foundation. This issue has added importance when considered in the context of John McCain’s controversial sources of funding and the arrest of a number of past campaign workers on charges such as child abuse and drug trafficking.   I. The McCain Institute The McCain Institute for International Leadership is a think tank established in cooperation with Arizona State University. The primary focus of the foundation is combatting human trafficking and promoting a new generation of “national security leaders.” The McCain Institute has hosted a number of speaking events over the years, with speakers such as Joe Biden, Ben Affleck, Hillary and Bill Clinton, Governor Chris Christie, former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and former Colombian President Álvaro Uribe. Board members of the McCain Institute’s Human Trafficking Advisory Council include Ashton Kutcher, co-founder of anti-human trafficking group, Thorn. The Institute’s Board of Trustees includes Lynn Forester de Rothschild, former general David Petraeus and Joseph Lieberman. Factoring in board members, employees and interns, the McCain Institute has 80 employees assisting their operations in various capacities. With the connections that the McCain Institute enjoys, the expectation would be that they would be using their generous endowments, ample staff and influence to make meaningful strides in the fight against human trafficking. But an inspection of their finances reveals that this is not the case. II. The McCain Institute Is Not Spending Their Endowment A review of the McCain Institute’s filings with the IRS reveals that they are not, in fact, spending any of their endowment on combatting human trafficking, or apparently on any other expenses. In 2012, the McCain Institute received $8,685,619 in donations, gifts and grants. Yet their expenses were a mere $500,000. In 2013 they again, only contributed $500,000 of their endowment. In 2014, the McCain Institute received $1,305,000 and donated $1,500,000. All of the donations made by the McCain Institute in 2012, 2013 and 2014 went to the Arizona State University Foundation, a group which appears to have nothing to do with human trafficking. Why McCain is not spending his foundation’s endowment on anything, let alone anti-human trafficking efforts, raises questions about where the cash is actually going and what it is being used for. III. John McCain Has A Long History Of Corruption Allegations And Criminal Staff Members Involved With His Campaigns The McCain Institute’s website features a long list of donors that includes Chevron, Bloomberg Philanthropies, Sir Evelyn and Lynn Forester de Rothschild, FedEx Corporation, the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., and McCain’s own 2008 Presidential Campaign. McCain has always been cozy with big name donors, a habit which has caused him to be accused of impropriety in a number of instances. In 1989 McCain narrowly escaped corruption charges along with four other Senators after it was alleged that they intervened on banker Charles Keating Jr.’s behalf to resist banking regulators in return for financial support. In 2008, McCain was accused of impropriety by Judicial Watch after he accepted campaign donations from multiple members of the Rothschild family in London. Wikileaks also revealed that McCain had improperly lobbied the Russian government for campaign contributions. In 2016, McCain cut off reporters enquiring about a $1 million donation that he had received from Saudi Arabia in 2014. More recently in February 2017, Breitbart accused McCain of corruption after it emerged that McCain, Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, John Kasich and Lindsey Graham had all accepted donations from George Soros. Multiple members of McCain’s various campaign staff have been arrested in the past on criminal charges. In 2009, the former manager of McCain’s Pueblo, Colorado presidential campaign office was arrested on child molestation charges after it was alleged that he had abused a number of young boys; at least one molestation occurred during the time that he was working for McCain. In April 2016, a former fundraiser for John McCain was arrested on multiple felony drug charges, including child endangerment after police found an active meth lab and meth, LSD and cocaine in her house. She had been listed as a contact in fundraising documents for Senator McCain. The failure of the McCain Institute to actually spend their money on furthering the foundation’s stated objectives, Senator McCain’s long history courting controversy by attracting accusations of corruption and multiple instances of his campaign staff’s involvement in criminal activities raise serious questions about the work being done by his Institute to combat human trafficking and where the money given to it is actually going. http://disobedientmedia.com/mccain-institutes-failure-to-use-donations-for-anti-trafficking-purposes-raises-questions/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 412 ← PATRIOTS: Here’s HOW To Keep Your TV & CAR From Spying On You Tecumseh → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Paul on DMSO: The Real Miracle Solution EJ grunt on America’s Two Minutes Of Hate Katie on DMSO: The Real Miracle Solution KOYOTE on Border-crossing bears? U.S. proposal to transplant B.C. grizzlies gets huge response KOYOTE on Man beaten to pulp after offering to pay for attackers’ meal Millard on The Word From the Trenches – March 16, 2017 Misty on The Word From the Trenches – March 15, 2017 mary in ND on Defense Officials: US to Send 1,000 More Ground Troops to Syria # 1 NWO Hatr on Even Soldiers Are Eating From The Trash In The Socialist Utopia of Venezuela # 1 NWO Hatr on DMSO: The Real Miracle Solution # 1 NWO Hatr on 2 federal judges find new Trump travel ban discriminatory # 1 NWO Hatr on Immigrants are now canceling their food stamps for fear that Trump will deport them # 1 NWO Hatr on Defense Officials: US to Send 1,000 More Ground Troops to Syria Katie on Even Soldiers Are Eating From The Trash In The Socialist Utopia of Venezuela SouthernAZ on 2 federal judges find new Trump travel ban discriminatory Cleatus on Man beaten to pulp after offering to pay for attackers’ meal SWIFT on DMSO: The Real Miracle Solution Cleatus on Landmark UN report backs Israel boycott Neal Joitke on DMSO: The Real Miracle Solution Cleatus on Trump budget slashes agencies to focus on wall, defense Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LOG IN SIGN UP WEDDING BLOGS All Wedding Blogs Engagement Stories Bridal Style Planning Ceremony Reception Honeymoon Recaps Relationships BOARDS All Boards Wedding Related Life, Love & Marriage Nesting Month Twins Local GALLERY All Galleries Rings Wedding Dresses Invitations Makeup Flowers Cake DIY Recaps WEDDING PLANNING All Wedding Planning Ceremony & Reception Invitations & Paper Goods Pre-Wedding Events Honeymoon DIY Projects LOVE & MARRIAGE All Love & Marriage Dating Engagement Married Life Pregnancy & Kids Advice STYLE & BEAUTY All Style & Beauty Wedding Dresses Wedding Party & Family Rings Hair & Makeup Jewelry & Accessories Health & Fitness REGISTRY CLASSIFIEDS VENDOR REVIEWS Log in | Sign Up Open search box Weddingbee More More Wedding Blogs | All Wedding Blogs Engagement Stories Bridal Style Planning Ceremony Reception Honeymoon Recaps Relationships Boards | All Boards Wedding Related Life, Love & Marriage Nesting Month Twins Local Gallery | All Galleries Rings Wedding Dresses Invitations Makeup Flowers Cake DIY Recaps Wedding Planning | All Wedding Planning Ceremony & Reception Invitations & Paper Goods Pre-Wedding Events Honeymoon DIY Projects Love & Marriage | All Love & Marriage Dating Engagement Married Life Pregnancy & Kids Advice Style & Beauty | All Style & Beauty Wedding Dresses Wedding Party & Family Rings Hair & Makeup Jewelry & Accessories Health & Fitness Registry | Classifieds | Vendor Reviews Sign In Login with Facebook Remember me Forgot your Password? Sign In Don’t have an account? Sign Up for Weddingbee Don’t have an account? Sign Up for Weddingbee Close Learning to Embrace Your Kinky Side by Sandy Sullivan How do you go about talking about the things that turn you on? It’s not easy discussing sex. Many of us were brought up not to talk about it and were taught not to enjoy it at all. If you did, you were considered loose. But, it’s the 21st century; men and women have opened their eyes and more willingly embrace what turns them on. We are using more implements to bring our bodies to the peak of sexual satisfaction, whether they be toys, different positions while having sex, or even going as far as experimenting in new areas like BDSM (bondage/discipline, dominance/submission, sadism, masochism—the acronym is now used as a catch-all phrase for a wide variety of activities). So, how do you go about embracing your kinky side? Learn Yourself The first thing you need to do is decide what gives you pleasure. You might need to experiment with this by yourself first if you aren’t comfortable talking to your partner about it, but eventually you will need to bring that person into the loop. Like I said before, having a conversation about sex is not easy for everyone. If you were brought up as I was and you couldn’t really talk to your parents about the details, you relied a lot on your friends, and usually none of you knew what it was all about. Luckily, things are more open these days and internet shopping makes it easy to be discreet if you still want to. Kinky toys will show up in the same inconspicuous packages as everything else, so nobody knows what you’ve bought. A few things on the list a woman might think about purchasing to try are a dildo, a clit vibrator, and lubrication gel. These are the basics, but don’t be afraid to keep going. There are all kinds of toys including butt plugs, anal beads, vibrators, nipple clamps, gels that heat up, and tons and tons of dildos. Don’t be afraid to try a variety of things to see what sparks your fancy. Have a Talk After you’ve taken some time to learn yourself, talking with your significant other is the next important step. Yes, you will be shy at first and it is difficult to ask for what you want, but you have to get past that. Leave the lights off if need be, so you don’t see their face when you try to talk to them. Be specific. They are not mind readers and if you don’t tell them what feels good, they won’t know. Saying yes, yes, yes, isn’t always sufficient! If they do something you don’t like, tell them. If it hurts, tell them. Honest and open communication will eventually get you both exactly where you want to be. Try it Out In general, use lots of lubrication. To be frank, sometimes women dry out down there. Even if you are really excited, things can be dry, rough, or uncomfortable. There is nothing wrong with using lube. It makes things one hundred percent better for everyone if it doesn’t hurt. There are several kinds of lubrication out there from the cheap Walmart brand to K-Y jelly that warms when rubbed on. Try them out. Experiment with the different kinds on both of you. Time to touch on the forbidden fruit, so to speak. Has your significant other ever asked you for anal sex? Some have never tried it and don’t want to. That’s okay. If you are uncomfortable with it, you have every right to say no. But, if you are wanting to test your kinky side give it a shot. My best advice is back to the lube. Use A LOT! The slicker things are, the better it is for both of you. It will be uncomfortable at first, no doubt, especially if you have never done it before. There is pressure and it stings, especially in the beginning, but once you get past that, it’s a very different and pleasurable sensation. The other piece of advice for those trying anal, get a vibrator and use it on your clit while the anal sex is going on. This will enhance the experience for you tremendously and you will realize that anal sex can be very enjoyable for both of you. Do you want to try bondage? If so, make sure you are comfortable with being restrained. Do NOT use regular metal handcuffs you can buy at the store. They tend to leave nasty wounds if you end up pulling at the restraints too hard. Fur lined cuffs are great and really comfortable. Don’t use ropes for this either as they will leave bad burns on your wrists or ankles with too much movement. There are some simple restraints you can buy, so do your research before you hurt yourself in the bedroom. Also, while many people have read the big seller having to do with BDSM, Fifty Shades of Grey, please keep in mind this is fiction, and a lot of what you read in that book is not supposed to be the way it works. The community of BDSM is based on safe, sane, and consensual interactions between adults and believe it or not, some of what goes on in BDSM has nothing to do with sex. Want to be a touch more adventurous? What about a swing? These can be fun, but make sure you are using a strong doorway or beam. If you don’t, it can cause injury if it comes down while you are using it. Don’t be afraid to use your imagination and enjoy the journey to your kinky side. This can be a fun learning experience for you both and can lead to a much more satisfying sex life. Enjoy! PREVIOUS POST Should You Take Kids on the Honeymoon? NEXT POST Bridal Party Disaster? How to Keep the Peace Related Posts Bees Anonymous: Should the Man Bring Home the Bacon?01/30/17 @ 12:50 pm Doves in Love: Becoming a Bride10/11/16 @ 1:22 pm Should You Move in Together Before or After the Wedding?01/30/17 @ 11:37 am Anonymous Dilemma: Hiding My Relationship from My Parents12/12/16 @ 11:16 am Tags: featured intimacy sex Leave a comment! add a comment Click here to cancel reply.';">Cancel Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Start Slideshow StartSlideshow Learning to Embrace Your Kinky Side Photo 1 of 12 Subscribe to our newsletter Email address Get our weekly roundup of the best of Weddingbee. I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Find Amazing Vendors BandsBeauty & HealthCakesCateringCeremony MusicDJsDress & AttireEvent ProductionEvent Rentals & PhotoboothsFavors & GiftsFlowersInvitationsJewelryOfficiantPhotographyPlannerTransportationTravelVenuesVideographyUnique Services Zip code Simplest Details Weddings 1 2 3 4 5 2 Reviews Seraphim International - All Are Welcome! 1 2 3 4 5 3 Reviews Negroni Photo and Cinema, LLC 1 2 3 4 5 10 Reviews Subscribe to our newsletter Email address Get our weekly roundup of the best of Weddingbee. I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Featured Stories Same-Sex Wedding Style: Coordinating Two Grooms Wedding Flowers: to DIY or Not to DIY? 3 Unconventional Wedding Registry Ideas in Lieu of Traditional Gifts Trending stories Real Weddings: Fallyn & Grant’s Old World Wedding Featuring an Owl Ring Bearer Adventures in Vow Writing An Unforgettable Night Find Amazing Vendors BandsBeauty & HealthCakesCateringCeremony MusicDJsDress & AttireEvent ProductionEvent Rentals & PhotoboothsFavors & GiftsFlowersInvitationsJewelryOfficiantPhotographyPlannerTransportationTravelVenuesVideographyUnique Services Zip code Simplest Details Weddings 1 2 3 4 5 2 Reviews Seraphim International - All Are Welcome! 1 2 3 4 5 3 Reviews Negroni Photo and Cinema, LLC 1 2 3 4 5 10 Reviews Weddingbee facebook twitter pin google+ instagram Weddingbee facebook twitter pin google+ instagram About Advertise Contact Cookie Policy Terms Community Guidelines FAQ Submit Your Wedding Become a Blogger Ideas Support About Weddingbee Advertise Become a Blogger FAQ Ideas Support Copyright 2004-2017, Weddingbee.com
just-style home News & insights News US Q4 in brief – Cato Corp, DSW , Bon Ton, Tilly's, Genesco By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 16 March 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch booked results that missed expectations, while The Children's Place achieved what it said was a "spectacular" year. VF Corporation, meanwhile, revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the quarter, while Stein Mart moved to a loss as a result of "aggressive" promotions.  Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a net loss of US$12.8m for the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $11.8m in the year-ago period. Fourth-quarter gross margin decreased to 28.8% of sales from 36.1% of sales in 2015, primarily due to reduced merchandise margins and higher occupancy costs. Sales for the period were $218.2m, a decrease of 12% on last year's $247.3m. Same-store sales were also down 12% for the quarter. CEO John Cato said 2016 was a "very disappointing year" for the company. He added: "The overall apparel retail environment continued to be difficult and was compounded by several mistakes of our own.  We also are being impacted by the disruption caused by the growth of online sales at other retailers, resulting in lower store traffic.  In the back half of the year, we made several mistakes in our merchandise assortment, fit and timing.  This resulted in significant reductions to regular priced sales causing us to liquidate a large portion of our slow selling inventory which put severe pressure on earnings." DSW DSW said its return to year over year earnings growth continued in the fourth quarter, with net income rising 158.5% to US$30.5m, compared to $11.8m in the year-ago period. Gross profit increased by 50 bps, while total sales edged up slightly, increasing 0.4% to  $674.6m. Comparable sales meanwhile, decreased 7% compared to last year's 0.7% increase. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "After making fundamental changes to our core business last year, we are laser focused on driving comp growth through our merchandise and allocation initiatives and the elevation of our customer's digital experience." The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores saw earnings and revenue decline in the fourth quarter. The York, Pennsylvania-based company recorded net income of US$44.7m, down from $50.6m in the year-ago period. Gross margin increased 145 basis points to 36.2% compared to last year, primarily due to reduced markdowns and lower distribution costs, partially offset by deleverage from lower sales volume. Total sales in the period decreased 5.5% to $877.3m, versus $927.9m last year, while comparable store sales decreased 4.7% as compared with the prior year period. Tilly's  Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's says it is encouraged by its fourth-quarter results as earnings reached US$6.3m from $2.9m a year earlier. Gross margin dropped to 30.6% from 31.4% last year, primarily due to a 60 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns and a 20 basis point increase in buying, distribution and occupancy costs. Total sales edged up 0.7% to $160.2m, while comparable sales were up 0.1%. CEO, Ed Thomas, said: "While we are encouraged by these results, we will continue to seek ways to improve profitability and continue our progress during fiscal 2017." Genesco Genesco booked declines in both earnings and revenue during the fourth quarter. Net earnings reached US$46.5m compared to earnings of $44.7m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped 5% to $883m from $932m, reflecting the sale of the Lids Team Sports business in the fourth quarter of last year and a decrease of approximately 2% in sales from the remaining businesses. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalogue sales were flat  with an 8% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 6% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 2% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 1% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group.  Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends posted profit and sales increases in its fourth-quarter. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income increased 60% to US$5.6m, compared to $3.5m in the year-ago period. Sales were also up, increasing 5.4% to $185.5m from $176.1m last year, while comparable sales grew 3.4%.  The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the fourth quarter, with the former dropping to US$36m from $54.3m a year earlier. Revenues were down 15.7% to $280m from net sales of $332m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 16.1%. Online sales were down 8.8% to $32.2m for the 13-week period ended 28 January.  Zumiez  Zumiez said its fourth-quarter earnings performance exceeded expectations,with net income in the period ended 28 January, increasing 38.3% to US$18.2m, compared to $13.1m in the year-ago period. Net sales for the quarter were also up, increasing 8.7% to $263.6m from $242.4m, while comparable sales for the period increased 5.1% compared to a 9.5% decrease last year. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, moved to a loss in its fourth-quarter. For the period ended 31 December, net loss from continuing operations was US$4.9m, compared to net income from continuing operations of $0.7m for the prior year period. Net sales, meanwhile, were up 108% to $42m from $20.3m in the prior year period, primarily due to the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands, as well as 3% growth in Robert Graham. Gross margin fell to 51.8% compared to 59.9% last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans, which carries a lower gross margin rate as a wholesale business. Sears Holdings US retail giant Sears Holdings revealed a widening of its net loss in the quarter to US$607m from $580m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.3%, primarily attributed to lower margins in the apparel business, and an increase in promotional activities. Net revenues fell to $6.1bn from $7.3bn in the prior year quarter. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "We delivered significant Adjusted EBITDA improvement in the fourth quarter, reflecting our firm focus on profitability to offset ongoing revenue pressures. Building on this positive momentum, we are taking decisive actions to become a more agile and competitive retailer with a clear path toward profitability." Tailored Brands Tailored Brands, the former Men's Wearhouse, said it has booked a lower than expected fourth-quarter, despite driving its net loss down to US$30.1m, compared to $1.1bn last year. Retail gross margin increased 60 basis points to 39.0%, primarily as a result of "anniversarying" an $11m inventory write-down in last year's fourth-quarter. "Unfortunately, the challenging retail environment resulted in soft traffic across our retail brands, which drove lower than anticipated fourth quarter and full year net sales and gross margins," said CEO Doug Ewert. Express Express said its fourth-quarter earnings were in line with its guidance, despite net income dropping to US$22.8m from $56.1m a year earlier. Merchandise margin declined by 330 basis points, driven by increased promotional activity. Net sales fell 11% to $678.8m from $765.6m, while comparable sales (including e-commerce sales) decreased 13%. CEO David Kornberg, noted:  "Despite ongoing pressures in the retail sector, our fourth quarter earnings were in line with previously issued guidance. As expected, our store performance continued to be impacted by challenging mall traffic and a promotional retail environment. As our industry adapts to changing consumer preferences, we continue to invest in our omni-channel and marketing capabilities to ensure that we capitalize on this evolution."  The Children's Place, Inc The Children's Place has achieved what it says was a "spectacular" year thanks to significant progress on its numerous self-help initiatives. "Our product assortment, supported by a foundation of superior design, sourcing and merchandising capabilities, clearly resonated with our customers," said CEO Jane Elfers. Net income for the quarter almost doubled to US$34.2m from $17.5m a year earlier. Gross margin improved 50 basis points to 36.1% thanks to merchandise margin leverage and a higher Average Unit Retail (AUR). Net sales were up 4.5% to $520.8m on a comparable retail sales increase of 6.9%. For the full year, earnings soared 77% to $102.3m, while net sales were up 3.4% to $1.78bn. Stein Mart, Inc Stein Mart has revealed a "disappointing" fourth-quarter as the company continued to work through higher than desired inventory levels and the impact of changes to marketing, merchandising and promotions implemented during the third quarter. The company moved to a net loss of US$4.9m from earnings $6.3m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 22.8% from 26.8% a year earlier. Total sales were down 2.2% to $385.5m, while comparable store sales dropped 5.5%. CEO Hunt Hawkins, said: "With our new executive leadership now in place, 2017 will be a year of transition as we refine and organise around our strategies. Lessons learned from last year have us keenly focused on changes we need to make to our business to significantly improve management of our inventories and increase sales productivity." Weyco Group, Inc Weyco has booked a mixed fourth-quarter as earnings rose but sales fell. For the three month period, net income amounted to US$8.3m from $8.2m a year earlier. The 2015 figure included a $458,000 earnout payment relating to the company's 2011 acquisition of the BOGS/Rafters brands. Without this, earnings would have been down 9%. Net sales for the quarter were down 6% to $82.1m. Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said it was pleased with its fourth-quarter, despite booking a mixed period which saw revenues rise but earnings fall. For the 13 weeks to 28 January, net income fell 30% to US$90.2m, compared to $129m in the year-ago period. Net sales increased 10.9% to US$2.5bn, while same-store sales were up 5.3%. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will "continue to be aggressive" and evolve its business.  Black Diamond, Inc. Black Diamond has narrowed its losses in the fourth quarter, to US$1.39bn from $31.7bn a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 29.1% from 33.5%, weighed down by foreign currency headwinds. Sales were down 6% to $41.4m, due to unseasonably dry European winter conditions impacting ski product sales and the company's measured approach to scaling back its apparel line. CEO John Walbrecht, said: "While we still faced foreign exchange headwinds and margin constraints due to our manufacturing repatriation, demand for climbing and mountain products remained strong. We also continued to experience growing momentum in our direct-to-consumer and independent global distributor businesses, as both channels continue to grow in the strong double-digits." Sequential Brands Brand management company Sequential Brands narrowed its losses to US$980,000 in the fourth quarter, from $5.7m in the same period last year. Revenue for the three months to 31 December increased 44% to $45.4m, compared to $31.4m in the year-ago period. For the year ending 31 December, 2017, the company is expecting $170m to $175m in revenue. CEO Yehuda Shmidman said: "Looking ahead, despite a challenging macro retail environment, we will remain focused on growing our core business and maximising operating efficiencies, inclusive of new revenue initiatives already underway." Stage Stores Stage Stores moved to a loss in the fourth quarter and revealed a drop in sales. For the quarter ended 28 January, net loss was US$6.8m versus a profit of $21m last year. Net sales fell 9.6% to $454.4m, compared to $502.6m in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were down 8.5%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "Our fourth-quarter adjusted earnings reflect continued challenges in our oil impacted and border states, as well as the overall soft retail environment. Weak traffic led to heightened promotional activity and gross margin pressure in the quarter, yet we are pleased to end 2016 with inventory levels that are 6% lower than last year. In addition, our direct-to-consumer business grew at a double digit rate as we enhanced our customers' online experience."   Burlington Stores Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue incense in the fourth quarter, booking a 27.1% rise in net income from US$98.8m to $125.6m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 41.8%, driven by improved shortage results. Net sales were up 9.4%, or $144.9m, to $1.7bn from $1.5bn thanks to a 4.6% increase in comparable store sales and $82.1m in sales from new and non-comparable stores. For the full year, the company expects sales to increase in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%, and comparable sales to be up 2% to 3%. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Abercrombie & Fitch said its fourth-quarter results did not meet expectations, despite 2016 being a year of "significant progress" on each of its strategic priorities. Earnings were down 15.4% to US$48.8m, while gross margin narrowed 90 basis points to 59.3%. Net sales fell 7% to $1.04bn, with comparable sales for the quarter down 5%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 13% to $442.4m, while Hollister sales were down 2% to $594m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 8% to $688.2m in the US, and 5% to $348.2m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "We continued to proactively respond to the evolving retail landscape through our store closure and channel optimisation initiatives. While the environment is likely to remain challenging in 2017, we have a strong balance sheet and continue to aggressively manage costs … to position our business for sustainable growth." Croc's US footwear firm Crocs  booked revenue in-line with guidance at US$187.4m from $208.7m a year earlier. On a constant-currency basis, revenues fell 10.5%. The company reported a net loss of $40.6m, compared to a loss of $70.2m in the year ago period. CEO Gregg Ribatt said: "Our fourth quarter revenues were in line with our expectations while our adjusted gross margin rate improved by approximately 550 basis points versus prior year. This gross margin gain was less than previously anticipated due to currency and channel mix fluctuations and also to certain one-time events, however we are still on track to achieve our medium-term target for gross margins in the low 50% range." Crocs also revealed Ribbatt will step down as CEO but continue in his board role. Andrew Rees, who joined the company in June 2014 as president, will be promoted to president and CEO, effective 1 June. The company will also close aroundd 160 stores by the end of 2018, reducing its total store count from 558 to around 400.  American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a decline in both earnings and revenue for the fourth quarter, with net income slipping 33.1% to US$54.6m from $81.7m in the year ago period. Gross margin increased 30 basis points to 35.4%, compared to 35.1% last year. Total revenues decreased 1% to $1.1bn from $1.11bn in the same period last year. Consolidated comparable sales were up slightly, following a 4% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "We've made great progress, yet we have much more opportunity across the marketplace. I'm confident that the strength of our brands and focused priorities will enable us to deliver long-term returns to our shareholders." Ross Stores Ross Stores booked fourth-quarter earnings and sales that beat company expectations. Net profit grew 13.8% to US$300.6m from $264.2m last year, while total sales rose 8% to $3.5bn. Comparable store sales were up 4% versus a 4% gain in the prior year. CEO Barbara Rentler noted: "We are very pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, especially given our strong multi-year comparisons and the highly competitive and promotional holiday season. Our results continued to benefit from our ability to offer customers great values on a wide assortment of gifts and fashions for the family and the home."For the year ending 3 February, 2018, the company has forecast EPS in the range of $3.02 to $3.15, up 7% to 11% from $2.83 in fiscal 2016. Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it is pleased with the momentum in its core business after delivering what it called "solid" earnings results in the fourth quarter. For the three months ended 31 December, earnings climbed 11.5% to US$28.7m from $25.7m last year. However, the company said overall sales declined "modestly" due primarily to softness in its private label footwear and cold weather accessories businesses. Sales were down 2.3% in the period to $336.4m, compared to $344.3m last year. Gross margin expanded 260 basis points to 38.7% as compared to 36.1%. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said while the company is cautious about the overall environment, it is confident it can drive top and bottom line growth in 2017 and beyond. Target Corp US retail group Target has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on soft store traffic declines and what it calls rapidly-changing consumerbehaviour. For the three months ended 28 January, net earnings tumbled 42.7% from US$1.4bn to $817m. Sales dropped 4.3% to $20.7bn from $21.6bn, reflecting a 1.5% decline in comparable sales combined with the removal of pharmacy and clinic sales from this year's results. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 34% and contributing 1.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 26.9%, compared with 27.9% in the year ago period. The retailer said it will reveal a new financial model later today, designed to position Target for long-term, sustainable growth in "this new era in retail".  "Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behaviour, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. Foot Locker, Inc US footwear retailer Foot Locker has generated what it says is its seventh consecutive year of "meaningful" sales and profit growth as it revealed higher earnings in its fourth-quarter to US$189m from $158m a year earlier. Gross margin improved to 33.7% of sales from 33.6% a year ago, while total sales climbed 5.3% to $2.11bn. Comparable store sales increased 5%. CEO Richard Johnson, said: "Generating our seventh consecutive year of meaningful sales and profit growth is a strong testament to Foot Locker's solid position at the centre of sneaker culture. Due in part to the change in the cadence of income tax refund check distribution, we are facing a challenging retail sales environment as we enter 2017; however, we believe the strategic initiatives we have in place, coupled with our strong vendor relationships, will enable us to deliver another year of record performance." Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked fourth-quarter earnings that exceeded expectations, reflecting what it calls "continuous improvements" to its operating model. For the period ended 28 January, net earnings were up 11.7% to US$201m, from $180m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.4% to $4.2bn compared to $4.1bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.9%. Gross margin, meanwhile, improved 112 basis points, reflecting strong inventory execution in addition to reduced competitive markdowns. For the full year, the company reached record sales of $14.5bn, up from $14.1bn last year. Carter's, Inc Carter's has had what it says was a "strong finish to another record year" as it revealed higher sales and earnings in its fourth-quarter. Net income was up 20% to US$87.1m, while operating margin improved 150 basis points to 14.9%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 7.8% to reach $67.7m, thanks to revenue growth in nearly every business segment. CEO Michael Casey, said: "Our focus on providing the best value and experience in young children's apparel, extending the reach of our brands, and improving profitability enabled us to achieve our 28th consecutive year of sales growth, improve our profit margins, and increase the return of capital to shareholders. We are forecasting good growth in sales and earnings in 2017." Kohl's Department store retailer Kohl's has posted what it says are "weak" sales results for the fourth quarter, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic. For the three months ended 28 January, net sales dropped 2.8% to US$6.21bn from $6.39bn in the year-ago period. Net profit was also down, falling 15% to $252m, compared to $296 last year. Gross margin was flat at 33.4%. CEO Kevin Mansell, said: "Sales results were weak for the quarter in total, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic, and offset somewhat by strength in online demand. We saw improvement in merchandise margin, and our team continued to manage inventory and expenses extremely well. In 2017, we will accelerate our focus on becoming the destination for active and wellness with the launch of Under Armour in early March. We will also extend our efforts on improving our speed to market across all of our proprietary brands into all apparel areas and home." L Brands L Brands booked a mixed fourth-quarter as sales climbed but earnings fell, albeit only slightly. For the three months ended 28 January, the owner of Victoria's Secret said net income fell 0.7% to US$631.7m from $636.0m a year ago. Meanwhile, the company reported net sales of $4.5bn, an increase of 2% compared to sales of $4.4bn for the year ago period. Comparable sales were flat for the period. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 2 percentage points and 4 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company said it expects first-quarter earnings per share to be $0.20 to $0.25, and $3.05 to $3.35 for 2017 full-year earnings. Iconix Brand Group Brand management company Iconix Brand Group booked a loss of approximately US$297.5m in its fourth-quarter, compared to a loss of around $263.0m a year earlier. Licensing sales fell 8% to $87.1m Revenue in the prior year's fourth quarter included approximately $1.3m of licensing revenue from the Badgley Mischka brand, Iconix said, for which there was no comparable revenue this year, due to its sale in the first quarter. The company also made an operating loss of around $385.8m, as compared to a loss of $398.2m in the year ago period. CEO John Haugh said: "2016 was a year of transition for Iconix. Our operating performance was in-line with our guidance. I believe the changes we have made over the past year provide a strong foundation to drive long term growth and shareholder value."  Chico's FAS, Inc Chico's says it is "extremely pleased" with its fourth-quarter results as it moved to a profit thanks to gross margin expansion and execution of its strategic initiatives. Earnings amounted to US$13.5m from a loss of $21.1m a year earlier, while gross margin expanded to 35.5% from 34.4%. Sales, meanwhile, dropped 4.9% to $600.8m as a result of the sale of the firm's Boston Proper direct-to-consumer business last year. Excluding this, sales dropped 2.3%, primarily reflecting a decline in comparable sales of 2.5%, comprised of reduced transaction count and an increase in average dollar sale. TJX Companies TJX Companies revealed an "above-plan" fourth-quarter, booking increases in both sales and earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income grew1.7% to US$678m from $666m in the year ago period. Gross profit margin was down 0.4 percentage points to 28.3%, versus the prior year. Net sales were up 6% to $9.5bn, compared to $9bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 3%. CEO and president Ernie Herrman said: "The year 2016 was another terrific year for TJX on top of many great years. We were proud to mark our 40-year milestone as a company and surpass $33bn in sales." Wolverine Worldwide US clothing and footwear business Wolverine Worldwide has reported a net loss of $2.4m in the fourth quarter, compared to earnings of $11.9m last year. For the period ended 31 December, the company booked a drop in sales, with reported revenue falling 2.9% to US$729.6m compared to the year ago period. Reported gross margin widened slightly to 36.6% from 36.2% in the prior year, and 37.7% on a constant currency basis, an increase of 110 basis points versus the prior year. Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.89, compared to $1.20 in year ago period. CEO Blake Krueger said the company is "well positioned going into 2017 to deliver stronger earnings and perform in what we believe will be a consumer and retail environment that we refer to internally as the 'new normal.'"  Dillard's, Inc Dillards has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on mall traffic declines from continued retail industry challenges. "In response, we are ramping up our efforts to bring more distinctive brand and service experiences to Dillard's, both in-store and online," said CEO William Dillard. Earnings fell to US$56.9m from $84m a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations narrowed 73 basis points. Net sales dropped to $1.94bn from $2.07bn last year. Macy's Department store retailer Macy's saw both earnings and sales fall in its fourth-quarter, and said it expects total sales to be down between 3.2%-4.3% in fiscal 2017, reflecting the 66 stores closed in 2016. Net income fell 12.7% to US$475m from $544m in the year ago period. Gross margin widened slightly to 38.8% from 37.4%, while net sales totalled $8.5bn, a drop of 4.5% on last year. Comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis were down 2.1% in the quarter. Macy's also revealed its previously announced CEO transition will take place on 23 March. Jeff Gennette, currently president of Macy's, will assume the CEO role and Terry Lundgren will continue as executive chairman of the company. Walmart, Inc US retail giant Walmart has booked a drop in fourth-quarter earnings, weighed down by a drop in sales in its international division and heavy investment in its both its store and e-commerce operations. Net profit fell 17.9% to US$3.76bn, while total sales edged up 1% to $130.9bn. Comparable sales were up for the tenth consecutive quarter, at 1.8%. Wal-Mart's online sales also accelerated, boosted by its acquisition of Jet.com, with US digital sales jumping 29%. Domestic sales were up 2.8% to $83.7bn, while international sales fell 5.1% to $31bn. Sam's Club sales were up 3% to $14.98bn. "We're moving with speed to become more of a digital enterprise and better serve customers," says CEO Doug McMillon. "We had a very solid fourth-quarter. Our international business is consistently delivering solid sales growth in constant currency, and Sam's Club posted its best comp sales growth of the year." VF Corporation US apparel giant VF Corporation revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2016. Net income fell 15% to US$264.3m in the three months to December, from $312.2m the year before. As a result of the sale of its Contemporary Brands businesses, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $98m in 2016, which also includes the operating results of the businesses, net of tax. Gross margin improved 90 basis points to a record 49.1% on a reported basis, while total revenues were relatively flat at $3.32 from $3.33. Brand revenue at Vans was up 14% and by 4% at Timberland, but fell 8% at The North Face. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade says it is exploring and evaluating "strategic alternatives to further enhance shareholder value" as it revealed higher fourth-quarter earnings and sales. Net earnings reached US$87m in the three months to the end of December from $62m a year earlier. Gross margin, however, narrowed to 59.2% from 60.2%, while net sales were up 9.8% to $471m. Direct-to-consumer comparable sales growth reached 9.3%. For the full year, earnings jumped to $153.6m from $17.1m, while net sales climbed 11.2% to $1.38bn. Rocky Brands Rocky Brands has moved to a loss in both its fourth-quarter and full-year, after incurring non-cash impairment charges. Despite this, CEO Mike Brooks said he is "confident" the changes to the company's operating strategies and leadership team has made it a stronger organisation that will return greater value to its shareholders over the long-term. For the three months ended 31 December, Rocky Brands reported a net loss of US$0.6m from earnings of $1.4m in the year ago period. Excluding charges, the company recorded earnings of $1.3m. Sales, meanwhile, increased 2.6% to $67m. Wholesale sales declined 8.9% to $42.4m, while retail sales edged up to $13.7m from $13.5m. Gross margin dropped 140 basis points to 32.5%. For the full year, net losses amounted to $2.1m from earnings of $6.6m in 2015. Excluding charges, the company made earnings of $0.6m. Sales decreased 3.4% to $260.3m. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase slightly in the fourth quarter, up 1% to US$1.29bn from $1.28bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 27 November, net income slipped to $96m, down 5% from $101m last year. The decline reflected investments associated with the expansion of company-operated stores network and e-commerce, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 50.7% from 51.2%. In Europe, net revenues were up 13%, while in both the Americas and Asia net revenues declined 1%. "We are pleased to report our fourth consecutive year of profitable constant currency revenue growth behind the strength of the Levi's brand and our global direct-to-consumer business," said Chip Bergh, president CEO. "Looking ahead, although it remains a very challenging environment, given our diversified portfolio we remain optimistic about our long term prospects for growth." Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record four-quarter net sales of US$717.4m, a 3% increase compared with net sales of $699.4m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 34% to $84.7m from $63.4m in the year ago period. For the full year, Columbia also booked record sales and earnings, with net sales up 2% to $2.38bn and net income reaching $191.9m, a 10% increase on fiscal 2015. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 4%, and net income of between $192m and $200m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "We are very proud of our fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance against a challenging backdrop in many of our largest markets. Record net sales, record gross margins, record operating income, expanded operating margin, and record net income reflect our powerful brand portfolio, robust operational platforms and disciplined prioritisation of investments." Skechers  Despite achieving new fourth-quarter and full-year net sales records, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip by more than three quarters in the three months ended 31 December. Sales in the quarter were up 5.8% to US$764.3m on last year, but the company reported an earnings decline of 77.4% to $6.7m. For the full year, net sales increased 13.2% to $3.56bn on last year, while earnings reached $243.5m, compared to $231.9m at the end of 2015. For the first quarter of 2017, the company expects net sales in the range of $1.05bn to $1.08bn. Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters has delivered "record" fourth-quarter sales, growing 2% to US$1.03bn. However total comparable sales were flat, but were up 2% at the Urban Outfitters brand and 1.2% at Free People. Comparable sales decreased 2.9% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by lower retail store comparable net sales. Net income meanwhile, slipped 12.2% to $64m from $72.9m in the year-ago period. For the full year, total company net sales increased to $3.5bn or 3% over the prior year. Comparable sales increased 1%. Net income fell 2.9% to $218m, versus $224.5bn last year. Tweet Adidas raises the bar for North America sales growth PREVIOUS MySize app to drive 'off-line' retail sales NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights Alarm bells ringing for millennial fashion brands Brands take a stance on Syrian refugees in Turkey Adidas raises the bar for North America sales 10 human rights risks to supply chains in 2017 Trade Tracker – Trump & Brexit generate more heat News US Q4 in brief – Cato Corp, DSW, Bon Ton, Tilly's Marks & Spencer tops human rights benchmark US apparel retailers' February 2017 sales roundup Nike is world’s most valuable apparel brand Google and Levi smart jacket available this autumn Market research Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar Central and East Europe Report Package When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Central America strategic sourcing review - a focus on Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Nike Inc VF Corporation Inditex SA Gap Inc Primark Adidas Group Wal-Mart Stores Inc Zara Levi Strauss & Co Under Armour Inc JC Penney Company Inc C&A PVH Corporation Target Corporation Tesco Plc Lectra Fast Retailing Co Ltd Uniqlo All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Corner Bench Memos Bench Magazine Subscribe Login Donate A Misunderstood ‘Diversity’ Over downtown Houston (Photo: Jorg Hackemann/Dreamstime) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Kevin D. Williamson March 9, 2017 4:00 AM @kevinNR A multicultural Texas, 200 years in the making A Houston scene: Three men at a high-end health club, two of them middle-aged, one of them a teenager. The older men wear bespoke button-down shirts with their jeans and high-dollar cowboy boots, while the younger man is still wearing his workout clothes. They switch back and forth easily between English and Spanish. They are talking about the sports they played while in school. The young man says that he recently has taken up Ultimate Frisbee. “Frisbee,” says one older man, the contempt in his voice accentuated by his heavy Mexican accent. “Frisbee is for dogs.” David Brooks, writing in the New York Times, recently offered up Houston — the exemplar of Erica Grieder’s “big, hot, and cheap” model of Texas — as a case study in what a more diverse, dynamic, and immigrant-friendly United States might look like. For the life of me, I can’t figure out why so many Republicans prefer a dying white America to a place like, say, Houston. Houston has very light zoning regulations, and as a result it has affordable housing and a culture that welcomes immigrants. This has made it incredibly diverse, with 145 languages spoken in the city’s homes, and incredibly dynamic — the fastest-growing big city in America recently. (Personally, I wish it would do a bit more zoning — it’s pretty ugly.) The large immigrant population has paradoxically given the city a very strong, very patriotic and cohesive culture, built around being welcoming to newcomers and embracing the future. There is something to this, though I am not quite sure that Brooks has it exactly right. Cheap housing — and a generally low cost of living — is indeed a big part of Houston’s secret sauce, as it is for other Texas cities not named for the “Father of Texas,” along with other livable and dynamic cities such as Las Vegas and Orlando. As for the zoning tradeoffs: The high-toned people of River Oaks are not too jazzed about that gigantic porn emporium on the corner just down from the Galleria, but the ugly parts of Houston are no uglier than the ugly parts of Los Angeles or New York City. Ugly is ugly. Take the train from Washington to New York someday and you’ll see the ugly backside of everything. Living in a place where it is less of a struggle to pay the rent or make the mortgage payment does indeed chill most everybody out a little bit. But it is not at all obvious that what Houston — or Texas at large — enjoys is in fact a culture that is generally welcoming to immigrants in a way that is different from Scottsdale or Trenton or Missoula. What Texas does have is something close to the opposite of that: a large and very well-integrated Mexican-American community. Anglos in Texas aren’t welcoming to Latinos because we are in some way uniquely open to the unfamiliar, but because they are not unfamiliar. This matters in ways that are not obvious if you didn’t grow up with it. My native West Texas, along with the whole of the border and much of the rest of the state, has a longstanding, stable Anglo–Latin hybrid culture. Houston does, too, but Houston, being a very large city, is a little more complicated; I had lunch yesterday with a conservative leader who chatted amiably with the staff in Spanish at . . . an Indian restaurant. Anglos in Texas aren’t welcoming to Latinos because we are in some way uniquely open to the unfamiliar, but because they are not unfamiliar. That robust hybrid culture ensures that the people Anglos hear speaking Spanish are not always poor, not mowing the lawn or cleaning a hotel room, that they are not usually immigrants, not people who cannot speak or read English — not alien. They are neighbors who, if you are lucky, make Christmas tamales. And they might be your employer or your employee, the guy who sells you a car or approves your car loan, a pastor at your church, a professor, a member of your Ultimate Frisbee team . . . or an illegal immigrant, or a criminal, or someone who is in some way unassimilated, alien, or threatening. When one out of three people in your county is “Hispanic” — a word that in Texas overwhelmingly means “Mexican-American” — then you tend to know Hispanic people of all descriptions: the good, the bad, and the ordinary. That is not the case in, say, Arlington, Va., which does not have a large and well-assimilated Mexican-American population but does have a large and poorly assimilated population of Spanish-speaking immigrants. The two things are not the same — more like opposites. Add to that the fact, sometimes lost on Anglos, that there is no such thing as a “Hispanic” culture or population, that people with roots in Mexico do not think of themselves as being part of a single cultural group that includes people from Central America and South America. A while back, I heard an older fellow of Mexican background complaining about the Guatemalans moving into his area — and he was an illegal immigrant. That’s a funny reality: In Texas, even some of the illegals don’t think that we can let just anybody cross the border. But ethnic politics is a strange business: In West Texas, young whites without much money (college students and the like) who would never for a moment seriously consider moving into a low-income black neighborhood will not give a second thought to moving into a largely Hispanic neighborhood. All of which is not to say that Texas does not have a fair number of poorly assimilated Spanish-speaking immigrants: It surely does, especially in the big cities. (People forget how urban Texas is: Six of the 20 largest U.S. cities are in Texas.) But it is easier to accommodate — and, one hopes, to assimilate — those newcomers when you have a culture of mutual familiarity and trust, which is based not on newcomers but on oldcomers. Texas’s ancient Mexican-American community — whose members famously boast, “We didn’t cross the border, the border crossed us!” — is a kind of buffer that makes absorbing newcomers less stressful. Reality is complicated, and it is particular. This should be obvious to anybody who is paying attention. My habitual advice to people who want to understand the complicated class and racial dynamics of the United States is to spend 30 minutes in a Walmart and 30 minutes in a Whole Foods. Of course race matters everywhere, but a white guy buying $30/pound grilled salmon at Whole Foods and a black guy buying $30/pound grilled salmon at Whole Foods probably have a lot more in common with one another than they do with anybody shopping at Walmart, and vice versa. It is not their enjoyment of diversity that takes the edge off of racial different, but their commonalities. Send 2,000 dirt-poor Nicaraguan immigrants to live in San Antonio’s tony Alamo Heights and see how much everybody there enjoys that addition to the gorgeous mosaic of America. Reality is complicated, and it is particular. This should be obvious to anybody who is paying attention. Brooks is correct about Houston’s remarkably diversity and the relative ease with which that diversity sits (or at least seems to sit) on the city and its people. But this is not the virtuous multiculturalism of the Ivy League imagination — it is life as it actually is lived in a real place with a real history. Beyond cheap housing, what Houston has is a lot of jobs, from blue-collar industrial work to high finance. And while the city’s economy has diversified over the years, much of its prosperity remains rooted in a single industry: energy. If you ever have spent much time covering city government, then you have heard a variation on this story: A mayor or the CEO of the economic-development agency visits Silicon Valley and decides that the future of Muleshoe, Texas, is in attracting high-tech companies. Or the mayor of Buffalo visits Las Vegas and decides that casinos are the future. I remember Philadelphia mayor John Street insisting, with great earnestness, that the economic future of Philadelphia was to be based on tourism. (Let’s see: Liberty Bell, maybe the Constitution Center, the Rocky steps . . . okay, I’m out. Too bad they ruined the Barnes Foundation.) Silicon Valley did not become Silicon Valley because the San Jose Chamber of Commerce hatched a brilliant scheme to make it so. It was a development that was largely exogenous to policy, as they say. Houston was a cotton-trading town until Spindletop came in. New York has oil, even if the state’s batty governor won’t let anybody at it, but not every place has a dormant energy industry, and even those that do are not going to build the nation’s fourth-largest city on what they have. In short: It makes sense to learn from the successes and failures of our cities, but imitations have limitations. (The town fathers of Lubbock, Texas, once got it into their heads that they should develop a river-walk like the famous one in San Antonio. The plan apparently reached a surprisingly advanced degree of development before somebody had the good sense to point out that there is no river.) You can call the area around Salt Lake City “Silicon Slopes” and insist that the Dallas suburbs are the “Silicon Prairie,” but that mostly is nominal magic. Texas’s “welcoming” attitude, if it really is that, took a couple of hundred years to develop. You cannot transplant that to Greenwich, Conn., overnight — and you certainly cannot transplant it easily to a place such as Southern California, which has its own very complex and considerably more fraught and tense model of Anglo–Latino relations. By all means, loosen up San Francisco’s zoning laws and do what you can to cultivate blue-collar prosperity in Northern Virginia. But Houston is the way it is for a reason, and those reasons are local, historical, and largely nontransferable. — Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent. Load More Photo Essay Wild Boars of Fukushima About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska "Wake up with Cala", the new book by Ismael Cala, explores the quest for balance in life Already available at www.Amazon.com and www.BarnesandNoble.com, and as of March 21st, at Target, Walmart and bookstores in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. In coming weeks it will appear in other countries in Latin America. News provided by Cala Enterprises Corporation Mar 09, 2017, 04:18 ET Share this article MIAMI, March 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Life strategist, bestselling author and international lecturer, Ismael Cala has announced the publication of his new book "Despierta con Cala" ('Wake up with Cala'), containing some of his reflections on the program Despierta América ('Wake up, America'), on the U.S. network, Univision. "I am deeply moved to announce the publication of 'Wake up with Cala,' a book that explores fundamental aspects of our lives in our quest for balance. This book is addressed to those who believe they have a path to follow, to people who came into this world with the responsibility of taking control of their decisions, events and attitudes," Cala explains from Miami.  Each week on his popular Univision show, Ismael invites TV viewers to wake up to life and find happiness. And now, from the pages of "Wake up with Cala," his readers will find the motivation to balance seven key aspects of life: Mind and spirit Health and body Love and relationships for couples  Family and home Friends and social life Finances Time for yourself "Wake up with Cala" is published under the Aguilar label of Penguin Random House USA, in a joint effort with the Univision network, and is already available for presale at www.Amazon.com and www.BarnesandNoble.com. As of March 21st, it will also be on sale at Target, Walmart and in bookstores in the U.S. Puerto Rico. In the coming weeks will be for sale in other countries in Latin America. The author is available for interviews. Nowadays, Cala is also preparing to launch his first big event for 2017 at La Montaña Azul in Costa Rica, with the participation of some 50 people.  At the end of April he will return to India with another group, on an inspirational tourism trip that will include cities such as Delhi, Mumbai and Varanasi, and spectacular sites such as the Taj Mahal and the sacred Ganges river. For more information, please go to: http://india.ismaelcala.com/ ABOUT ISMAEL CALA Life strategist, bestselling author and international speaker specializing in issues of personal development and leadership, for more than five years Ismael Cala was the host of CALA on CNN en Español, and is currently presenting the segment Despierta con Cala ('Wake up with Cala') on the show Despierta América ('Wake up, America'), on Univision. He is considered one of the most important communicators in the Americas, and his message of social entrepreneurship, mindfulness and well-being is a touchstone for millions of followers attuned to his books, seminars, workshops and lectures.  He is the author of the bestseller El poder de escuchar ('The power of listening'), El analfabeto emocional ('The emotional illiterate') and La vida es una piñata ('Life is a piñata'), among others. Come and visit: http://www.ismaelcala.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wake-up-with-cala-the-new-book-by-ismael-cala-explores-the-quest-for-balance-in-life-300421023.html SOURCE Cala Enterprises Corporation Related Links http://www.ismaelcala.com Mar 06, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: "Despierta con Cala", el nuevo libro de Ismael Cala, explora la búsqueda del equilibrio en la vida My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 11:00 ET"Despierta con Cala", el nuevo libro de Ismael Cala, explora la... Mar 06, 2017, 11:00 ET"Despierta con Cala", el nuevo libro de Ismael Cala, explora la... Explore More news releases in similar topics Books Entertainment Publishing & Information Services New Products & Services You just read: "Wake up with Cala", the new book by Ismael Cala, explores the quest for balance in life News provided by Cala Enterprises Corporation Mar 09, 2017, 04:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Moosejaw sticking around in Grand Rapids for another year 20170307_153242.jpg Moosejaw's first Grand Rapids store, at 410 Ionia Ave. SW., will stay open at least through 2017. (Courtesy | Moosejaw) Print Email Shandra Martinez | smartinez@mlive.com By Shandra Martinez | smartinez@mlive.com The Grand Rapids Press on March 09, 2017 at 5:17 PM, updated March 10, 2017 at 2:46 PM comments GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- Moosejaw is making its presence in Grand Rapids more permanent. The national outdoor retailer recently extended the lease for its pop-up store by Downtown Market for another year, Nick Rau, director of retail, said. "We are going to spend additional capital to make the space amazing," Rau said. The store, at 410 Ionia Ave. SW, opened in September to take advantage of the ArtPrize traffic, and to see if the West Michigan market was a good fit. So far, the store is beating sales expectations. "It is definitely a test of a market that could potentially house a couple of locations," Rau said. "Regardless of the fact that we are on Ionia and love the Downtown Market next door, there are some other really cool areas." The new store is part of Moosejaw's "pop-up to permanent" strategy of testing new markets and retail concepts with short-term leases before investing in a permanent space. The company took a similar approach in Detroit, turning a 2012 pop-up shop into a permanent location. Moosejaw has a total of 10 stores; seven in Michigan, one in Illinois, one in Colorado and one in Missouri. Rau shared the experience of the hunt for a perfect Grand Rapids location as a presenter at the ICSC conference held March 7 at the JW Marriott hotel. Before deciding on the newly renovated Klingman's Loft, the Madison Heights company considered spots at Woodland Mall and Gaslight Village. "We knew we liked Grand Rapids," said Rau. "We have been talking about it for years." 1st Moosejaw store in Grand Rapids off to strong start He said the company tapped Chris Muller, owner of M Retail Solutions, to find a notable building close to other interesting retailers. The Klingman building fit the bill. The soaring space lets Moosejaw experiment with a new retail format. The 4,000 square-foot store is connected to Moosejaw's largest ever "High Altitude Lounge," a place where retailer host events and visitors can hone their ping-pong skills. "We needed to find that distraction point so when customers came in, it wasn't just to see us but to come hang out in the community," Rau said. Craft Beer Cellar, a craft beer bottle shop and bar, is a neighbor in the loft. Another appeal of the location was the owner's willingness to start with a 6-month lease in exchange for bringing a marquee name into the up-and-coming Market District. Rau had high praise for Grand Rapids landlords, lauding them for working together instead of fighting over deals. The attitude, he says, was one of "we are really excited that you are considering our location, but we are just so excited you are coming to our community." "The kind of thing is not easy to find out there," Rau said. Despite the care the company takes with its brick-and-mortar locations, 85 percent of Moosejaw's sales are made online. Last month, the Michigan company made headlines when Wal-Mart acquired it for $51 million, marking the retail behemoth's third e-commerce acquisition in five months. Moosejaw's site sells around 400 popular brands, including The North Face and Patagonia. As part of the deal, the brands will be able to sell their products on Wal-Mart's other sites as well. $24M lofts offer rent breaks in downtown's hottest new neighborhood Wal-Mart acquires Michigan-based Moosejaw for $51M 8 Michigan companies making winter gear to keep you warm NCAA men's basketball tournament MSU's prized rookies can introduce themselves to America From Germany to Michigan, how Beilein landed Wagner The time Izzo took Steve Smith from Larranaga Michigan puts opponents in 'pick your poison' predicament Complete March Madness coverage Complete coverage » Michigan's Best Detroit's Best Burger: Our Top 10 list revealed The best of the best of Michigan's Best Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Subscribe E-Edition Marketplace Visit Vermont Sign Up for Email Alerts Print Edition Milford Newsstands Delivery Problems Advertise Help About Us Contact Us News Submission Guide Submissions News Latest Milford News Police & Fire Schools Business Community People Entertainment Town Government Politics & Elections Regional Print Archives Submissions Sports High School Sports Sports Features Youth Sports Recreational Sports Other Sports Submissions Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Editorial Letters Columns DId I Say That? Cartoon Gallery Calendar Community Food Stir Crazy The Conscious Cook Twins Judy & Joy Arts Arts Features Stage & Screen Columns Curtain Call The Reel Dad TV / Movie Menu Stir Crazy The Conscious Cook Twins Judy & Joy Taking a Hike Go Fish A Question of Etiquette Events Automotive Classifieds Advertising Information Submit a Classified Ad Special Sections Golden Years Kid’s World Health & Fitness Bridal Education Arts & Leisure HOME Milford Answerbook Your Health Still time to buy Girl Scout cookies in Milford By Milford Mirror on March 9, 2017 in Lead News, News · 0 Comments If you missed your chance to order Girl Scout cookies this year, or you already went through your last box of Thin Mints, don’t worry, Girl Scouts in Milford will be selling cookies around Milford in coming days. Many troops will also be selling cookies to be donated to the Gift of Caring Service Project, Cookies for Heroes. Customers may purchase Girl Scout cookies and have them delivered to service women and men at home and overseas. For more information about Cookies for Heroes, visit cookiesforheroes.com. The Girl Scout Cookie Program is built by girls, and this year, Girl Scouts is celebrating 100 years of Girl Scouts selling cookies. By purchasing a box of Girl Scout cookies, customers are helping girls learn five skills: goal setting, money management, business ethics, people skills, and decision making. The proceeds from Girl Scouts of Connecticut’s cookie program stay in Connecticut and directly benefit all of the Girl Scouts in Connecticut, including each Girl Scout troop or group in Milford selling the cookies. Girl Scouts will be selling cookies at a number of locations this month in Milford. On March 11, Girl Scouts will be selling cookies at Adams Market IGA, 1391 New Haven Avenue. On March 12, cookies may be found at St. Mary Church, 70 Gulf Street, and at Stop & Shop, 855 Bridgeport Avenue. On March 18, Girl Scouts will be selling cookies at at Stop & Shop, 855 Bridgeport Avenue, and Walmart on the Boston Post Road. On March 25, cookies will be sold at CVS Pharmacy, 989 Boston Post Road, and Stop & Shop, 855 Bridgeport Avenue, and on March 26 at Walmart, 1365 Boston Post Road. For sale times and more dates, go to gsofct.org and click on the Looking for Cookies button.   Previously Published Related Posts: Boat parade will light up river September 20 Dog carnival at Eisenhower raises money for local shelters Milford bans smoking at ball fields, beaches and other recreation sites Mother’s Day craft and vendor fair at VFW May 9 Previous Post Twins Judy and Joy: Thanks, Nana! Next Post Letter: Thanks for new trail at Eisenhower Park About author Milford Mirror Tweet By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement Latest Tweets Tweets by @Milfordmirror HAN Network News Sites Live.HAN.Network | Bridgeport News | Darien Times Easton Courier | Fairfield Sun | Greenwich Post Lewisboro Ledger | Milford Mirror | Monroe Courier New Canaan Advertiser | Redding Pilot | Ridgefield Press Shelton Herald | Stratford Star | Trumbull Times Weston Forum | Wilton Bulletin Arts & Leisure Advertise Classifieds Article Reprints Print Archives Subscriptions Privacy Policy & User Agreement Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Milford Answerbook About Us Contact Us Submissions © HAN Network. All rights reserved. Milford Mirror, 1000 Bridgeport Avenue, Shelton, CT 06484 Designed by WPSHOWER Powered by WordPress
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News Tishomingo County drug roundup nets 8 arrests Northeast Mississippians help lead pro-education rally at Capitol West Jackson lane closure set for Monday More In News Tishomingo County drug roundup nets 8 arrests Northeast Mississippians help lead pro-education rally at Capitol West Jackson lane closure set for Monday Study: Toyota making impact in Mississippi through facility investments, jobs CRIME REPORTS: March 16, 2017 View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Bianco talks pitching and more in advance of SEC play Featured Bulldogs preview Troy Second-seeded Mississippi State will host No. 15 seed Troy to open the NCAA Tournament on Friday. Bulldogs’ head coach Vic Schaefer shared his... Business Study: Toyota making impact in Mississippi through facility investments, jobs Reed’s Metals in Saltillo gives facility tour to local youth High school grads code their way to tech jobs More In Business Study: Toyota making impact in Mississippi through facility investments, jobs Reed’s Metals in Saltillo gives facility tour to local youth High school grads code their way to tech jobs Black gold: Tommy Brooks marks 50 years in the oil and gas industry DENNIS SEID: Garbage industry crossing Rubicon View all posts in Business Lifestyle Tupelo Ballet presents ‘Snow White’ and ‘Pas de Quatre’ Screen Scene: Scathing satire and sharp suspense make ‘Get Out’ a hit The Flour Shop: Okolona baker rolls out successful biscuit business More In Lifestyle Tupelo Ballet presents ‘Snow White’ and ‘Pas de Quatre’ Screen Scene: Scathing satire and sharp suspense make ‘Get Out’ a hit The Flour Shop: Okolona baker rolls out successful biscuit business Benton County woman still going strong at 95 Cook of the Week: Mattie Byrd Hobson recipes View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Bill brings beneficial transparency for all BOBBY HARRISON: Legislators following path on budget issue CAL THOMAS: Historic opportunities ahead More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Bill brings beneficial transparency for all BOBBY HARRISON: Legislators following path on budget issue CAL THOMAS: Historic opportunities ahead OUR OPINION: Education report shows areas for improvement GEORGE WILL: Celebrating foundational principles View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz We'll be back soon – Monday, March 20, to be exact Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos Bulldogs preview Troy Bianco talks pitching and more in advance of SEC play VIDEO: Newsbreak, March 16, 2017 Policy puzzles: Body cams bring oversight questions for Tupelo police VIDEO: Newsbreak, March 15, 2017 Diving into spring break: Aquatic Center program provides activity during vacation Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Records » CRIME REPORTS: March 9, 2017 CRIME REPORTS: March 9, 2017 Posted on March 9, 2017 by Daily Journal in Records Crime Stoppers Crime Stoppers of Northeast Mississippi along with Houston Police Department is requesting your assistance locating a stolen vehicle and the person or persons responsible for the theft. On Tuesday Feb. 21, 2017, a silver 2004 Chevrolet Avalanche bearing Mississippi license plate CH4 156 was taken from a residence in Houston. It was last seen around 4 p.m. that day. Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-773-TIPS (8477). Felonies The following people were booked into the Lee County-Tupelo Adult Jail in connection with felony charges ending Wednesday at 11 a.m. • Justin Clark, 28, of Saltillo, was arrested by the United States Marshal Service, two counts of possession of methamphetamine. • Adrian Hughes, 27, of Tupelo, was arrested by the Mississippi Department of Corrections, violation of probation. • Brandy Montgomery, 41, of Mooreville, was arrested by the Tishomingo County Sheriff’s Office, embezzlement. • Michael Noy, 36, of Columbus, was arrested by the Lee County sheriff’s Office, embezzlement. Police reports The following reports were filed Wednesday by the Lee County Sheriff’s Office and the Tupelo Police Department. Lee County Sheriff’s Office • A Trice Street Shannon man said someone broke the glass in the back door to get into his house. Nothing appeared to be stolen. • A West Garrison man said a female was upset that he did not want to date her. She has been threatening him and said she as going to leave a gun in his car to get him arrested, since he is a felon. • A County Road 1533 Nettleton man said someone driving a silver hatchback fired shots out of the vehicle. He was not sure if they shot in the air or at something. • A Jamie Whitten Boulevard man said someone broke out the driver’s window of his car. • A Shannon man said his son called from a Verona industry, saying a coworker threatened him with a firearm. A deputy went to the plant and was told the son did not work there. The father said he would call back if he found out where his son was. Tupelo Police Department • A Dodge’s Store employee watched a man stick a Mountain Dew and pack of Skittles in his pocket and attempt to leave without paying for the $3.68 worth of merchandise. He gave back the items and left. • A West Main Walmart employee said a male suspect picked up two black bags and placed one bag, two Cokes, two Paydays and a bag of Doritos inside the other bag. When the employee confronted the man, he fought the employee, then ran away. • A woman said that sometime while she was out shopping, someone entered her unlocked truck and stole her portable oxygen tank. Anyone with information on any of these crimes is urged to call the Lee County Sheriff’s Office at (662) 841-9041 or Crime Stoppers at (800) 773-TIPS. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Bill to expand dyslexia voucher program clears Senate Vivians, William earn more All-SEC honors → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Polls Do you think more oversight and transparency is needed for the money and assets seized by law enforcement agencies? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Newsmax Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 16, 2017 48° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 37F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 4 Rick Bowmer This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) Rick Bowmer This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, displays a photo of himself at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) Rick Bowmer This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) Rick Bowmer This Tuesday, March 7, 2017, photo, Rep. Lee Perry, R-Perry, speaks on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Perry plays Santa Claus at the Wal-Mart in Perry every year. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) AP Acrobat, Santa, musician: Fun facts about Utah lawmakers By HALLIE GOLDEN and MICHELLE L. PRICE Associated Press Mar 9, 2017 Updated Mar 9, 2017 (…) Rick Bowmer This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) Rick Bowmer This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, displays a photo of himself at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) Rick Bowmer This Wednesday, March 8, 2017, photo, Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, sits on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Ray devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in the local circus. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) Rick Bowmer This Tuesday, March 7, 2017, photo, Rep. Lee Perry, R-Perry, speaks on the House floor, at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City. Utah's legislature is an interesting cast of characters that includes a former high flying circus performer and a Santa Claus impersonator. Perry plays Santa Claus at the Wal-Mart in Perry every year. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — As Utah's legislative session wraps up, the political views of each lawmaker have become clear. But what about their lives outside the Capitol? Here are some interesting details about some of them: ___ CIRCUS PERFORMER Rep. Paul Ray, R-Clearfield, devoted the majority of his teenage years to performing on the high-wire and trapeze in a circus. For about seven years, he and fellow performers traveled with Indiana's Peru Amateur Circus. More than three decades later, Ray says he still likes to swing on a trapeze every now and again. ___ SANTA CLAUS Anyone who visits the Wal-Mart in Perry around Christmas time might spot Republican Rep. Lee Perry. Look for someone with a long white beard and bright red coat, because the lawmaker has been dressing up as Santa Claus to hand out presents to children for more than a decade. ___ WHEAT GRINDER For at least four decades, Sen. Margaret Dayton, R-Orem, has spent time grinding her own wheat. The lawmaker says she loves the way fresh bread tastes, so she will pick up wheat from Lehi Roller Mills, grind it up in her personal grinder and bake about four loaves of bread a week. ___ TORTILLA FRISBEE Republican Sen. Todd Weiler of Woods Cross was a freshman at Brigham Young University when he was kicked out of a school football game for throwing tortillas. It was the big game between BYU and the University of Utah in 1985, and Weiler says he thought it would be fun to throw the tortillas around like Frisbees to try to get them on the football field. The security guards did not agree. ___ ROCK MUSICIAN Anyone who went to Utah State University in 1999 may remember Rep. Jeremy Peterson, R-Ogden, and his band "The Attack Bobs" performing around campus. The band broke up when they graduated, but Peterson says he still writes his own acoustic rock music and plays guitar with some fellow lawmakers at the end of each legislative session. ___ DISNEYLAND CONDUCTOR Republican Sen. Lyle Hillyard had just graduated from high school in 1958 when he headed to California to work at Disneyland. The Logan lawmaker started out as a ticket-taker and by his second summer there, he became a conductor of the train that runs around the park. ___ WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE Rep. Dan McCay, R-Riverton, also worked at the California theme park in his late teens. For two years in the early 1990s, McCay was an operator on the Jungle Cruise ride, working as a joke-telling skipper on a tropical river boat and occasionally shooting at an animatronic hippo with a fake revolver. McCay says he loved working at Disneyland because he worked with great people, including cute girls. ___ TROMBONE PERFORMER Democratic Rep. Elizabeth Weight, of West Valley City, spent her first few years in Salt Lake City playing trombone with fellow musicians every Sunday evening during the summer in Liberty Park. The group has long been disbanded but four decades later she still plays trombone on her own and hopes to bring her music to Utah's Capitol sometime soon. ___ DISC JOCKEY For three decades, Sen. Gene Davis's voice has been heard at the Capitol. Before that, the Salt Lake City Democrat could be heard on the airwaves: Davis was a rock 'n' roll disc jockey, working more than two decades at Salt Lake City radio stations, starting in the mid-1950s. The senator's memories from his DJ career include meeting Pete Townshend and Keith Moon of The Who and taking song requests from drivers cruising Salt Lake City's main drag, State Street, something Davis said could have been straight out of the 1973 film "American Graffiti." Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Performing Arts Entertainment Arts And Entertainment State Legislature State Governments Government And Politics Legislature Rock Music Music Locations Utah United States North America Salt Lake City Popular Fatal traffic crash makes driving safety personal for Trooper Kevin Cook Arrest made in Taco Bell assault Shootout occurs at Rucker Boulevard War on booty bumps Smith, Brandi Nicole Schulman Body discovered in Pea River identified Former Dothan commissioner Taylor Barbaree arrested on felony charges Hot grease thrown in Taco Bell employee's face during dispute Gordon mayor Elbert Melton arrested on voter fraud charges Dothan, Northview high schools consolidation proposal likely dead Videos Featured Businesses Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Currently Open Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Currently Open Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Contests Bracket Challenge Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 302 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Moe's Southwest Grill coming to Toms River Moe's Southwest Grill is bringing its flavors and hearty "Welcome to Moe's" shout to Toms River. Post to Facebook Moe's Southwest Grill coming to Toms River Moe's Southwest Grill is bringing its flavors and hearty "Welcome to Moe's" shout to Toms River.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2m6GBx8 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Moe's Southwest Grill coming to Toms River David P. Willis , @dpwillis732 10:41 a.m. ET March 9, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPRenovations underway at McLoone's restaurants in Asbury Park | 0:50 Big changes are coming to McLoone's Asbury Grille and Tim McLoone's Supper Club in Asbury Park. Video by David P. Willis David P. Willis 1 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPBig changes for Seaview Square Shopping Center | 0:51 Changes are happening against Seaview Square Shopping Center. Here's a bit of history about Ocean Township's largest shopping center. Staff Video by David P. Willis DAVID P. WILLIS 2 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There: Chipotle, Kay Jewelers, Advisors Mortgage Group | 0:42 What's Going There: Chipotle, Kay Jewelers, Advisors Mortgage Group Devin Loring 3 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There | 0:44 What's Going There Devin Loring 4 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There: Mavis Discount Tire, Dollar Tree, Long Branch Beauty Supply | 0:33 What's Going There 5 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhats Going There: Country Curtains in Shrewsbury | 0:26 Whats Going There: Country Curtains is opening a design studio in Shrewsbury's Grove West. DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 6 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There - Advance Auto Parts, Wall | 0:27 What's Going There Devin Loring 7 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Charlie's of Bay Head | 1:01 What's Going There, Charlie's of Bay Head 8 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There | 0:30 What's Going There 9 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Pantano Power Equipment | 0:28 What's Going There, Pantano Power Equipment 10 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There: Tim Hortons | 0:33 What's Going There 11 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Route 9 and Indian Head Road | 0:39 What's Going There, Route 9 and Indian Head Road 12 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Update | 0:39 What's Going There, Update Devin Loring 13 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWATCH: What's Going There: Matawan apartments, Aberdeen social club | 0:36 What's Going There: Apartments in Matawan, social club in Aberdeen DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 14 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Four Seasons at Monmouth Woods | 0:50 What's Going There, Four Seasons at Monmouth Woods 15 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Pantano Power Equipment | 0:28 What's Going There, Pantano Power Equipment 16 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There? North County Line Road, Jackson | 0:37 What's Going There? North County Line Road, Jackson 17 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's going there? New Prospect and Brewers Bridge Road in Jackson | 0:28 What's going there? New Prospect and Brewers Bridge Road in Jackson 18 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Route 34, Wall | 0:33 What's Going There, Route 34, Wall 19 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPJughandle Brewing Co. to open in Tinton Falls | 0:33 Jughandle Brewing Co. to open in Tinton Falls 20 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Brick Boulevard | 0:45 What's Going There, Brick Boulevard 21 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There - Fins | 0:31 Fins is moving from one of its locations. 22 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's going there - Xscape Theaters | 0:53 A new movie theater is being constructed on Route 9 in Howell 23 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There - Carter's and OshKosh | 0:35 Carter's and OshKosh B'gosh are moving into the Consumer Centre in West Long Branch. DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 24 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There? Ulta | 0:30 The beauty retailer will open on Route 36 in West Long Branch by the end of the year. 25 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There: Levitz Furniture in Wall | 0:37 What's Going There? See what's coming to t he old Levitz Furniture in Wall. 26 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's going there? Schneider and Nelson Audi | 0:32 The Audi dealership is moving to route 36 in Eatontown. DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 27 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There: Ryan Homes, Farmingdale | 0:27 What's Going There: Ryan Homes, Farmingdale 28 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWATCH: Cambridge Club, Edge at Matawan under construction | 0:37 What's Going There 29 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There? Something coming to Route 35 in Ocean Twp. | 0:16 What's Going There? Find out what's going into a spot on Route 35 in Ocean Township. DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 30 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There - Sudler | 0:33 What's Going There - Sudler 31 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's going there - Waverly | 0:34 What's going there - Waverly DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 32 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There: Firehouse Subs | 0:47 What's Going There - Firehouse Subs 33 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhole Foods coming to Wall | 0:31 What's Going There? Whole Foods is coming to Wall. 34 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There? New pharmacy in Red Bank | 0:33 Walgreens is opening a phramacy this fall on Broad Street in Red Bank. DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 35 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There?: Friendship Rd. and Rt. 9 in Howell | 0:26 What's going across from the Best Buy near Friendship Rd. and Rt. 9 in Howell? Stick with APP to find out. Devin Loring 36 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There: Taco Bell | 0:11 Taco Bell coming to Ocean Township. DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 37 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There? Chipotle and Visionworks | 0:13 WGT Chipotle and Visionworks are coming to Howell Commons shopping plaza in Howell. 38 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPMonmouth County Vocational students help others | 0:50 Monmouth County Vocational School District cosmetology students offer free services while learning their trade. DEVIN LORING/STAFF VIDEO 39 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There Update | 0:34 What's Going There Update 40 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There, Route 9 and Clayton Road in Toms River | 0:36 What's Going There, Route 9 and Clayton Road in Toms River 41 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPWhat's Going There? Freehold Township site | 0:21 Check out APP.com later this week to learn “What’s Going There” on Elton Adelphia Road in Freehold Township. 42 of 43 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share WHAT'S GOING THERE MONMOUTH AND OCEAN ROUNDUPMcLoone's Rum Runner set to reopen | 1:30 The Sea Bright icon is almost back after superstorm Sandy. MICHAEL L. DIAMOND/STAFF VIDEO 43 of 43Last VideoNext Video Renovations underway at McLoone's restaurants in Asbury Park Big changes for Seaview Square Shopping Center What's Going There: Chipotle, Kay Jewelers, Advisors Mortgage Group What's Going There What's Going There: Mavis Discount Tire, Dollar Tree, Long Branch Beauty Supply Whats Going There: Country Curtains in Shrewsbury What's Going There - Advance Auto Parts, Wall What's Going There, Charlie's of Bay Head What's Going There What's Going There, Pantano Power Equipment What's Going There: Tim Hortons What's Going There, Route 9 and Indian Head Road What's Going There, Update WATCH: What's Going There: Matawan apartments, Aberdeen social club What's Going There, Four Seasons at Monmouth Woods What's Going There, Pantano Power Equipment What's Going There? North County Line Road, Jackson What's going there? New Prospect and Brewers Bridge Road in Jackson What's Going There, Route 34, Wall Jughandle Brewing Co. to open in Tinton Falls What's Going There, Brick Boulevard What's Going There - Fins What's going there - Xscape Theaters What's Going There - Carter's and OshKosh What's Going There? Ulta What's Going There: Levitz Furniture in Wall What's going there? Schneider and Nelson Audi What's Going There: Ryan Homes, Farmingdale WATCH: Cambridge Club, Edge at Matawan under construction What's Going There? Something coming to Route 35 in Ocean Twp. What's Going There - Sudler What's going there - Waverly What's Going There: Firehouse Subs Whole Foods coming to Wall What's Going There? New pharmacy in Red Bank What's Going There?: Friendship Rd. and Rt. 9 in Howell What's Going There: Taco Bell What's Going There? Chipotle and Visionworks Monmouth County Vocational students help others What's Going There Update What's Going There, Route 9 and Clayton Road in Toms River What's Going There? Freehold Township site McLoone's Rum Runner set to reopen Buy Photo Moe's Southwest Grill is coming to Toms River. (Photo: DAVID P. WILLIS/STAFF PHOTO)Buy Photo 302 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Moe's Southwest Grill is bringing its flavors and hearty "Welcome to Moe's" shout to Toms River. The company said it hopes to open its new location at the Toms River Shopping Center on Route 37 in mid-April. Its website offers few details, just the words "Coming Soon - Toms River." And of course, the sign outside the store is a herald of what's to come. MORE: Walmart abandons Toms River plans after 13 years MORE: Toms River to welcome sports bar, restaurant The Goldstein Group, a Paramus-based commercial real estate firm specializing in retail, recently announced Moe's lease of the 3,160-square-foot space. It will be Moe's second restaurant at the Jersey Shore and its first in Ocean County. Its other location is on Route 9 in Marlboro. Moe's, a Mexican and Tex-Mex chain that competes with Chipotle Mexican Grill and Qdoba, tries to differentiate itself with its southwestern flavors and flair, said Darren Tristano, president of Technomic, a restaurant consulting firm. "They continue to have high energy," Tristano said. "When you walk in the door, they yell 'Welcome to Moe's.' They put out a pretty good product." It offers burritos, tacos, quesadillas, nachos and salads with names such as the Homewrecker and the Art Vandalay. MORE: Margaritas replaces Tiffany's in Toms River MORE: Rivoli's in Toms River closes, Cuban restaurant to open Buy Photo Moe's Southwest Grill is coming to Toms River.  (Photo: DAVID P. WILLIS/STAFF PHOTO) Moe's Southwest Grill is franchised by Atlanta-based Focus Brands, which operates Carvel's, Cinnabon's Bakery and Auntie Anne's Pretzels. The number of restaurants grew by 6.8 percent last year, adding 43 locations, and bringing its store count to 680 locations in the United States, according to Technomic. Sales increased 9.4 percent to $698 million, the firm said. Besides the Toms River restaurant, Moe's is adding locations in Flemington and Hillsborough. It currently has 27 stores in New Jersey. Have you seen a construction project in Monmouth or Ocean counties and wanted to know what was going there? Contact business producer Dennis P. Carmody at dcarmody@gannettnj.com, and we will look into it for a future column. David P. Willis: 732-643-4039; dwillis@gannettnj.com; facebook.com/dpwillis732 . 302 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2m6GBx8 What's going there Spanish retailer Zara coming to Freehold Raceway Mall David P. Willis Big work for McLoone's Supper Club, Asbury Grille David P. Willis Renovations underway at McLoone's restaurants in Asbury Park David P. Willis Where is Terrace Bagels in Freehold Township headed? Michael L. Diamond Mack-Cali buys buildings in Middletown David P. Willis ShopRite expected to come to Shrewsbury David P. Willis
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Specialty Pharmacy Performance Measured Specialty Pharmacy Performance Measured Posted on March 9, 2017 by Industry Standard Research in Press Releases Informing the Pharmaceutical Drug Development, Manufacturing, and Commercialization Industry CARY, NC / ACCESSWIRE / March 9, 2017 / Industry Standard Research (ISR) today announced the release of its latest market research report titled, Specialty Pharmacy Quality Benchmarking and Market Overview. This report provides readers with a peer-based comprehensive assessment of the quality and performance of specialty pharmacies in the United States. “The demand for specialty pharmaceutical products is growing rapidly in the US and we wanted to give readers an inside look into the quality and performance of this important part of the healthcare system,” explained Andrew Schafer, President at Industry Standard Research. This report was compiled by surveying 76 individuals who work for biopharmaceutical companies and who are responsible for interacting with specialty pharmacies. In total, 651 specialty pharmacy performance ratings were captured for 39 different specialty pharmacies across eight (8) critical performance attributes. Schafer continued, “This Consumer Reports-style report allows pharmaceutical companies to make more informed purchase decisions by gaining a better understanding, through the use of peer-based data, of which specialty pharmacies are performing well, which are under-performing, and each specialty pharmacy’s strengths and weaknesses. And for specialty pharmacies, these data allow your company to understand its position in the market relative to the competition, as well as to learn which attributes pharma companies use to make specialty pharmacy decisions.” “The data suggests there are definitely specialty pharmacies that are outperforming their peers. Companies such as Texas Oncology, Diplomat, Biologics, Cardinal Health, and OptumRx were very solid performers,” added Schafer. For more information about ISR’s “Specialty Pharmacy Quality Benchmarking and Market Overview” report, please visit ISR’s report page at https://www.isrreports.com/reports/specialty-pharmacy-quality-benchmarking-and-market-overview/. Specialty pharmacies included in this research include; Accredo, Accurate Rx, Apothecary by Design, Armada, Avella Axium, Benzer Pharmacy, Biologics, BioPlus Specialty, BioRx, BriovaRx, Cardinal Health Specialty, Cigna, Commcare, Curant Health, CVS Caremark, Diplomat, Excelera, Fairview, Focus Rx, Gentry Health Services/Discount Drug Mart, Humana, Kinney Drugs/Noble Health Associates, OncologyRx Care Advantage, OptumRx, Premier/Commcare, Prime Therapeutics, RainTree, Rite Aid, Rx To Go, Schnucks, South Miami Pharmacy, Texas Oncology, TNH Advanced Specialty, US Bioservices, Walgreens, Walmart, and Wegman’s. About Industry Standard Research Industry Standard Research is the premier, full service market research provider to the pharma and pharma services industries. With over a decade of experience, ISR delivers an unmatched level of domain expertise. For more information about ISR’s off-the-shelf intelligence and custom research offerings, please visit the company’s website at www.ISRreports.com, email info@ISRreports.com, or follow ISR on Twitter @ISRreports. SOURCE: Industry Standard Research ReleaseID: 456862 Latest News Catchpoint Helps British Children’s Digital Publisher Expand Internationally Specialty Pharmacy Performance Measured Lithium Exploration Group in Talks to License Energy Storage Technology MBLM Announces That Two-Thirds of Industries Studied in its Report Are More Successful in Creating and Maintaining Intimacy with Men than Women SXSW Panel to Unveil Potential of Artificial Intelligence in Dietary Solutions The Missouri Division of Tourism Wins Adrian Awards for User-Generated Content-Focused Marketing Campaign Noodle Partners Announces Joint Venture with IData Reaction Commerce Announces Formation of Advisory Board; Appoints Industry Leaders in Ecommerce and Open Source SJC Marketing Launches “Unfiltered Marketing,” With First Podcast on March 9 Car Throttle Acquires Social Motorsport Publisher WTF1 And Launches Original YouTube Channel © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
